--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
SecurAsset 
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered 
office at 20, rue de la Poste, Luxembourg L-2346 and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 144385)  
Secured Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme 
Under this Secured Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme (the "Programme"), SecurAsset S.A. (the "Issuer" or "SecurAsset") may from time to time issue 
notes (the "Notes"), warrants (the "Warrants") or certificates (the "Certificates" and, together with the Notes and Warrants, the "Securities"), in the case of Notes 
or Certificates denominated, or in the case of Warrants, issued and exercisable in any currency agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below).  
The Issuer is subject to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("Luxembourg") act dated 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended (the "Securitisation Act 2004").  
Under the Securitisation Act 2004, the Issuer, as a regulated entity within the meaning of the Securitisation Act 2004, is entitled to issue Securities or shares to the 
public on an ongoing basis.  Shares will not be issued under this Base Prospectus.   
The Securities may be issued to BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. (in its capacity as Dealer) and may be issued to any additional dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers") pursuant to the dealer agreement dated 6 February 2009 as most recently amended and restated on 
22 September 2022 (the "Dealer Agreement", which expression includes the same as it may be modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time.  
The terms and conditions of the Notes (the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") are set out in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes".  Notes may be issued in 
bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or registered form ("Registered Notes").  The terms and conditions of the Warrants (the "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants") 
are set out in "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" and the terms and conditions of the Certificates (the "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" and 
together with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the "Conditions") are set out in "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates".   
This Base Prospectus constitutes a prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 
June 2017 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") which is the 
Luxembourg competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation for the approval of this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. By approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to, 
and assumes no responsibility for, the economic and financial characteristics of the Securities to be issued under this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of 
the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019 (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour 
valeurs mobilières) (the "Prospectus Act 2019"). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject 
of this Base Prospectus or as an endorsement of the Issuer. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.  In 
addition, application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's regulated market (including the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange), which is a regulated market 
for the purposes of European Directive 2014/65/EU, and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.   
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") only applies to Securities which are admitted to trading on 
a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") ("UK MiFIR") and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom other than in circumstances where an exemption 
is available under section 86 of the FSMA. 
The Issuer may issue Securities for which no prospectus is required to be published under (i) the Prospectus Regulation and/or (ii) Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
14 June 2017 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), as the case may be ("Exempt Securities") under this 
Base Prospectus.  The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Securities. Approval 
will also be granted by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange in accordance with the Prospectus Act 2019 for Securities (including Exempt Securities) issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the "Euro MTF") (including 
the professional segment of the Euro MTF) during the twelve-month period after the date  of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus also constitutes a prospectus 
for the purpose of the Prospectus Act 2019. The Euro MTF is not a regulated market for the purposes of European Directive 2014/65/EU. 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for admissions to trading on a regulated market by or with the consent of the Issuer for 12 months from its date to, and including, 
22 September 2023. The obligation to supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply after the date 
falling 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Securities will be issued in Series (as defined in the Conditions).  Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of a Series of Notes, the interest (if any) payable in 
respect of such Notes, the issue price of the Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to that Series (and/or Tranche, as 
the case may be) (as defined in the Conditions) of Notes will be completed in respect of those Notes in a final terms document (the "Notes Final Terms") which 
(except in the case of Private Placement Notes (as defined below)) will be filed with the CSSF. Notice of the aggregate number and type of a Series of Warrants, 
the exercise period or exercise date of the Warrants, the issue price of the Warrants and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable 
to each Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) of Warrants will be completed in a final terms document (the "Warrant Final Terms") which (except in the 
case of Private Placement Warrants (as defined below)) will be filed with the CSSF. Notice of the aggregate notional amount of a Series of Certificates, the interest 
(if any) payable in respect of such Certificates, the issue price of the Certificates and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to 
each Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) of Certificates will be completed in a final terms document (the "Certificates Final Terms" and, together with 
the Notes Final Terms and Warrant Final Terms, referred to in this Base Prospectus as the "Final Terms") which (except in the case of Private Placement 
Certificates (as defined below)) will be filed with the CSSF.  In respect of Exempt Securities to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF, the applicable Final Terms 
will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the Exempt Securities of the relevant Tranche and published on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Programme provides that the Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may 
be agreed between the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) (as defined below) and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Securities and/or Securities not 
admitted to trading on any market. This Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  For the avoidance 
of doubt, the content of the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Copies of this Base Prospectus can also be

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
obtained at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent and Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent (each as defined below) at the address given at the 
end of this Base Prospectus.   
In accordance with the Securitisation Act 2004, the Issuer may create one or more compartments.  In respect of any Series of Securities, "Compartment" means 
the compartment under which such Securities are issued.  Each Compartment will comprise a pool of Charged Assets (as defined below) of the Issuer separate 
from the pools of Charged Assets relating to other Compartments.  Each Series may (if so stated in the applicable Final Terms) be secured by a charge on, or 
assignment in respect of rights under, certain bonds, notes, warrants, receivables or equity securities of any form, denomination, type or issuer, guarantees, units in 
funds, loans or any other financial obligations assigned to or assumed by the Issuer or any other specified assets owned by the Issuer (the "Compartment Assets") 
and funds held from time to time by the Custodian and/or the Issuing and Paying Agent or Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable and/or the 
Registrar (each as defined herein) for payments due under the Securities of such Series and any Related Securities (the "Cash Assets") and/or secured by an 
assignment of the Issuer's rights under an interest rate and/or currency exchange agreement or credit default swap agreement or total return swap agreement or 
other derivative transaction (the "Swap Agreement") (as defined in the Conditions) and/or a deposit agreement (the "Deposit Agreement") and/or a repurchase 
agreement (the "Repurchase Agreement") entered into in respect of the relevant Notes, Warrants or Certificates and any Related Securities, together with such 
additional security as may be described in the applicable Final Terms (together with the Compartment Assets, the Cash Assets, the Swap Agreement, the Deposit 
Agreement and the Repurchase Agreement, the "Charged Assets").  The Issuer will meet its obligations to pay the relevant amounts it is due to pay in respect of 
the Securities using the payments it receives from the obligors under the Charged Assets specified in the Final Terms for the relevant series of Securities. Any 
securities comprised in the Charged Assets may, subject as provided herein, be substituted by cash and/or other securities (as set out in the Conditions).  The 
obligations of the Issuer under a Swap Agreement to a counterparty to such Swap Agreement may also be secured on certain assets comprised in the Charged 
Assets.  Where a Compartment is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a Multi-Series Compartment, more than one Series of Securities may be issued from 
the relevant Multi-Series Compartment, each of which Series of Securities will be secured by the Charged Assets for such Compartment. A non-exhaustive list of 
considerations relating to the Securities is set out in the section herein entitled "Risk Factors". 
Payments in respect of the Notes or, as applicable, Warrants or Certificates may be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by BNP Paribas S.A. ("BNPP" or 
"BNP Paribas") (the "Guarantor") (any such Notes, "Guaranteed Notes", any such Warrants, "Guaranteed Warrants" and any such Certificates, "Guaranteed 
Certificates" and generally "Guaranteed Securities"). 
In respect of any Compartment and any Security (but without prejudice to the rights of holders of Guaranteed Securities, all payments to be made by the Issuer in 
respect of such Security and the related Swap Agreement, Repurchase Agreement and/or Deposit Agreement (if any) will be made only from and to the extent of 
the sums received or recovered from time to time by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of the Charged Assets and, following a Note Acceleration, 
Warrant Acceleration or Certificate Acceleration in respect of such Note or such Warrant or such Certificate, as applicable or in respect of any Related Securities 
(if applicable) (but without prejudice to the rights of holders of Guaranteed Securities under the relevant Guarantee), the entitlement of the holder of such Note (a 
"Noteholder") or the holder of such Warrant (a "Warrantholder") or the holder of such Certificate (a "Certificateholder") will be limited to such Noteholder, 
Warrantholder or Certificateholder's pro rata share of the proceeds of the relevant Charged Assets applied in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, in the case of Guaranteed Securities, sums obtained on their behalf by the Trustee, making a claim under the applicable Guarantee, 
subject to the Conditions and relevant provisions of the applicable Guarantee.  If, in respect of any Security, the net proceeds of the enforcement or liquidation of 
the relevant Charged Assets applied as aforesaid are not sufficient to make all payments due in respect of such Security, no other assets of the Issuer will be 
available to meet such shortfall, and the claims of the holder of such Security (each, a "Holder of Securities") as against the Issuer in respect of any such shortfall 
shall be extinguished.  In all cases, neither the Holder of Securities nor any person on its behalf shall have the right to petition for the winding-up of the Issuer as a 
consequence of any shortfall.  Holders of Securities, by acquiring the Securities, expressly accept, and shall be deemed to be bound by, the provisions of the 
Securitisation Act 2004 and, in particular, the provisions with respect to compartments, limited recourse, non-petition, subordination and priority of payments. 
Securities may be rated or unrated as specified in the applicable Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arranger for the Programme 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 September 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
Notes, Warrants or Certificates (i) involving an offer to the public outside the European Economic 
Area (the "EEA") or of a type listed in Article 1.4 and/or Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
(ii) which are not admitted to trading on a regulated market under article 1.1 of the Prospectus 
Regulation are referred to herein as "Private Placement Notes", "Private Placement Warrants" or 
"Private Placement Certificates" (together with Private Placement Notes and Private Placement 
Warrants, "Private Placement Securities"), as appropriate. Such Private Placement Securities 
constitute Exempt Securities and the CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with such Exempt Securities. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Securities and any Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or under any state securities laws and include Securities in bearer 
form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and may not be legally 
or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person.  By its purchase of a Security, each purchaser will be 
deemed or required, as the case may be, to have agreed that it may not resell or otherwise transfer any Security 
held by it except (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (ii) outside the United States to or for the account 
of a non-U.S. person in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act, in 
each case in accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws.  
The Securities may not be sold to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules ("Risk Retention U.S. Persons") except to the extent such Risk Retention U.S. Persons 
have received a waiver from the applicable sponsor and except as permitted under an exemption to the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules as described under "Risk Factors" at page 64 and under "Subscription, Sale and Transfer 
Restrictions" at page 1342. "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) 
implementing the risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended. 
THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE SUITABLE INVESTMENTS FOR ALL INVESTORS.  NO 
INVESTOR SHOULD PURCHASE A SECURITY UNLESS SUCH INVESTOR UNDERSTANDS, 
AND IS ABLE TO BEAR, THE YIELD, MARKET, LIQUIDITY, STRUCTURE, REDEMPTION 
AND OTHER RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SUCH SECURITY.  FOR FURTHER DETAILS, SEE 
"RISK FACTORS" HEREIN.   
Each of the Issuer (in respect of all of the information contained in this Base Prospectus), BNP Paribas (in 
respect of information concerning itself) and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (in respect of information 
concerning itself) accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  To the best 
of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer, BNP Paribas and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV (each having taken 
all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained (or incorporated by reference, 
including the free English translations of the documents constituting the BNP Paribas Disclosure) in this 
Base Prospectus for which it accepts responsibility is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information.  
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Securities are the persons named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant 
Dealer(s) and the persons named in or identifiable from the applicable Final Terms as the Authorised Offeror 
(as defined below), as the case may be.   
Copies of Final Terms will be available free of charge from the specified office of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable (each as defined below), at the address given 
at the end of this Base Prospectus (provided that Final Terms relating to Private Placement Securities which 
are not publicly offered in Luxembourg will only be available for inspection by the relevant Holder of 
Securities upon production of evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or Paying Agent or Principal Warrant and

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
Certificate Agent (as applicable) as to its holding of such Private Placement Securities and identity).   This 
Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated herein by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed 
on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
None of the Trustee, the Arranger, the Agents or any Dealer has independently verified the information 
contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and 
no responsibility is accepted by any Dealer, any Agent, the Arranger or the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by either the Issuer or any Guarantor.  None of the Trustee, the Arranger, the Agents 
or any Dealer accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by either the Issuer or any Guarantor in connection 
with the Programme or the Securities. 
No person is or has been authorised by either of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Securities and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by any of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) or any Dealer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
Securities (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as 
a recommendation or a statement of opinion (or a report on either of those things) by any of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Trustee, the Arranger, the Agents or any Dealer that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Securities should 
purchase any Securities.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Securities should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness 
or value (as appropriate), of the Issuer, any underlying reference asset or entity, and, if applicable, the 
Guarantor, and the Charged Assets.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Securities constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Trustee, the Arranger, the Agents or any Dealer to any person to 
subscribe for or to purchase any Securities. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Securities shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning any of the Issuer or the Guarantor is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Securities is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.  No Dealer undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuer 
or either Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Securities of any 
information coming to its attention. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Trustee and the Dealer(s) represents that 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering.  In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Trustee or any Dealer which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Security comes must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Securities.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Securities in the European Economic Area , Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands, Spain, the United Kingdom and the United States (see "Subscription, Sale and Transfer 
Restrictions"). 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Securities, a holder of Securities expressly acknowledges and 
agrees that:  
(a) 
the Issuer (i) is subject to the Securitisation Act 2004 and (ii) in connection with the Securities and 
any Related Securities has created a specific Compartment, which Compartment shall be identified 
by the number ascribed to it in the applicable Final Terms and is a Compartment within the meaning 
of the Securitisation Act 2004 to which all assets, rights, claims and agreements relating to the 
Securities and any Related Securities will be allocated, subject as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(b) 
the provisions with respect to the Order of Priority included in the applicable Final Terms will apply;  
(c) 
(without prejudice to the rights of holders of Guaranteed Securities under the Guarantee) all 
payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Securities and the related Swap Agreement (if 
any) will be made only from and to the extent of the sums received or recovered from time to time 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or (following enforcement of the security over the Compartment Assets) 
the Trustee in respect of the Charged Assets and, following a Note, Warrant or Certificate 
Acceleration (as the case may be) in respect of the Securities or any Related Securities, the 
entitlement of the holder of Securities will be limited to such holder's pro rata share of the proceeds 
of the relevant Charged Assets (or, in certain cases, a pro rata share of the Compartment Assets 
forming part of the Charged Assets) applied in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and not to the assets allocated to other compartments created by the Issuer 
or to any other assets of the Issuer and, in the case of Guaranteed Securities, (and, in addition in the 
case of Global Securities, sums obtained on behalf of holders of Securities by the Trustee, making a 
claim under the Guarantee), subject to the terms set out in the applicable Final Terms (if applicable) 
and the relevant provisions of the Guarantee and each holder of Securities further acknowledges and 
agrees that the Trustee is not obliged to take any action to enforce the obligations of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable) unless directed to do so and indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction 
against any liability it may incur; 
(d) 
once all moneys received by the Trustee in connection with the enforcement of the Compartment 
Security over the Charged Assets have been applied in accordance with the Order of Priority set out 
in the applicable Final Terms and in the Master Trust Terms, it is not entitled to take any further 
steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums due and the right to receive any such sum shall 
be extinguished;  
(e) 
it shall have no right to attach or otherwise seize the Charged Assets or any other assets of the Issuer, 
including, without limitation, any assets allocated to any other compartments of the Issuer; and  
(f) 
no holder of Securities shall be entitled to petition or take any other step for the liquidation, winding-
up or the bankruptcy of the Issuer or any similar proceedings.   
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
Information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and offer of Securities generally 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent sub-paragraph (ii) below may 
apply, any offer of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented 
the Prospectus Regulation (each, a "Relevant Member State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in that Relevant Member State, from the requirement to publish 
a prospectus for offers of Securities.  Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that 
Relevant Member State of Securities which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Securities may only do so (i) in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3.1 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, or where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State and (in either case) 
published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant 
to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State, such offer is made in the period 
beginning and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable 
and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of such offer.  Except to the extent that sub-
paragraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor will they authorise, 
the making of any offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Restrictions on Non-exempt offers of Securities in Relevant Member States 
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, certain issues of Securities with a 
denomination (in the case of Notes), notional amount (in the case of Certificates) or issue price (in the case 
of Warrants), as the case may be, of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) may be 
offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation 
to publish a prospectus.  Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer".  This Base Prospectus has 
been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Securities.  However, any person making or 
intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Securities in any Relevant Member State may only do so if this 
Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member State (or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Relevant Member State) and published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided that the Issuer 
has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with such offer as provided under "Consent 
given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation" (below) and the conditions attached to 
that consent are complied with by the person making the Non-exempt Offer of such Securities. 
Save as provided above, the Issuer has not authorised, nor will it authorise, the making of any Non-exempt 
Offer of Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities, the Issuer and BNP Paribas (in respect of information 
concerning itself) accept responsibility, in the jurisdictions to which the consent to use the Base Prospectus 
extends, for the content of this Base Prospectus under Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to 
any person (an "Investor") who acquires any Securities in a Non-exempt Offer made by any person to whom 
the Issuer has given consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (an "Authorised Offeror") in that connection.  
Neither of the Issuer nor BNP Paribas  makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and has any responsibility or liability for the actions of 
that Authorised Offeror.  
SAVE IN RESPECT OF AN AUTHORISED OFFER BY AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR, NEITHER 
OF THE ISSUER NOR BNP PARIBAS HAS AUTHORISED THE MAKING OF ANY NON-
EXEMPT OFFER BY ANY OFFEROR AND NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR BNP PARIBAS HAVE 
CONSENTED TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS BY ANY OTHER PERSON IN 
CONNECTION WITH ANY NON-EXEMPT OFFER OF SECURITIES.  ANY NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER MADE WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER IS UNAUTHORISED AND

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR BNP PARIBAS ACCEPTS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY 
FOR THE ACTIONS OF THE PERSONS MAKING ANY SUCH UNAUTHORISED OFFER.  
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in the context of the Non-Exempt 
Offer and, if so, who that person is.  If the Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base 
Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, it should take legal advice. 
Consent 
In connection with each issue of Securities and subject to the conditions set out below, the Issuer consents to 
the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with 
any Non-exempt Offer of such Securities by the relevant Dealer or any financial intermediary specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as an Authorised Offeror during the relevant Offer Period and in the relevant 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) (being Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg, and/or Spain as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and by any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final 
Terms and whose name is published on the following website (www.securasset.lu) and identified as an 
Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer. 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY SECURITIES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH OFFEROR WILL BE MADE IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE OFFEROR WILL PROVIDE 
SUCH INFORMATION TO THE INVESTOR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER AND THE 
OFFEROR WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUER, 
GUARANTOR OR ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN 
INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
INFORMATION RELATED TO SECURITIES SOLD IN BELGIUM 
In respect of Securities offered to individuals in Belgium, the Issuer may be required to comply with the 
provisions of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, especially the provisions on unfair terms in the application 
of the terms and conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms relating to such 
Securities in Belgium, insofar as these provisions would be applicable. 
IMPORTANT – EEA and UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors – Legend" as applicable, the Securities 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor (i) in the EEA unless a key information document will be made available 
(if required) in the EEA jurisdiction(s) in which the Securities are offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to such retail investor(s) or (ii) in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), unless a key information document will 
be made available (if required) in the UK. If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors – Legend" as not applicable, the Securities may be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK, provided that, where 
a key information document is required pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK PRIIPs Regulation 
(each as defined below), as the case may be, the Securities may only be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to retail investors in (i) the EEA in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document will 
be made available or (ii) in the UK if a key information document will be made available in the UK. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(a) in the case of retail investors in the EEA:  
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II");

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
(ii)  a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  
(b) in the case of retail investors in the UK:  
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA");  
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Consequently, no key information document required by: 
(a) Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling those Securities or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared, other 
than in respect of the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document will be made available, and 
therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation; and 
(b) Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared, and therefore, offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms 
as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Certain "benchmarks" may either (i) not 
fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 or (ii) transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation may apply to certain other "benchmarks" which would 
otherwise be in scope such that at the date of the relevant Final Terms, the administrator of the "benchmark" 
is not required to be included in the register of administrators. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may include 
a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance/target market assessment" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Securities may include 
a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance/target market assessment" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities and which channels for distribution of the Securities are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
INTERPRETATION 
All references in this document to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ or USD refer to the currency of the United States of 
America, those to sterling and £ refer to the currency of the United Kingdom, those to Australian dollars refer 
to the currency of Australia and those to euro, Euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended and references to "Renminbi", "RMB" and "CNY" are to the lawful 
currency of the People's Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the 
People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China ("Macau") and Taiwan). 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The BNP Paribas Disclosure (as defined in "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below), contain forward-
looking statements.  BNP Paribas and the BNP Paribas Group (being BNP Paribas together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries, the "BNPP Group") may also make forward-looking statements in their offering 
circulars, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by their officers, directors 
or employees to third parties.  Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about BNP 
Paribas' and/or the BNPP Group's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements.  These statements 
are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore undue reliance should not be placed on 
them.  Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and BNP Paribas and the BNPP 
Group undertake no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Most of the financial data presented, or incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus are presented in 
euros. 
BNP Paribas' consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2021 have each been prepared in accordance with international financial reporting standards ("IFRS"), as 
adopted by the European Union. The BNPP Group's fiscal year ends on 31 December and references in  the 
BNPP 2020 Universal Registration Document (in English) (as defined in "Documents Incorporated By 
Reference" below), BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) (as defined in "Documents 
Incorporated By Reference" below), the Third Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) (as defined in "Documents Incorporated By Reference" below), the Fourth 
Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) (as defined in "Documents 
Incorporated By Reference" below) and any other update to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document 
(in English) (in each case, incorporated by reference herein) to any specific fiscal year are to the twelve 
month period ended 31 December of such year. 
The financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 of SecurAsset S.A. 
were prepared in accordance with Luxembourg generally accepted accounting principles. 
Due to rounding, the numbers presented throughout the BNP Paribas Disclosure may not add up precisely, 
and percentages may not reflect precisely absolute figures.

--- Page 11 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Contents
Section 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
13
RISK FACTORS 
37
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
100
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
121
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
133
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS 
145
PART I – GENERAL 
145
PART II - DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP AGREEMENT 
146
PART III - DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSIT AGREEMENT 
156
PART IV - DESCRIPTION OF THE REPURCHASE AGREEMENT 
159
PART V - DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 
162
PART VI - CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
166
PART VII – COLLATERAL EXCHANGE STRUCTURES 
236
PART VIII – CREDIT SUPPORT STRUCTURES 
239
PART IX – ELIGIBLE BNP PARIBAS FORTIS COLLATERAL SECURITIES 
243
FORM OF NOTES 
245
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES 
248
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
248
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
329
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS 
342
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
342
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
379
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES 
392
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
392
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
472
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
485
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
640

--- Page 12 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
712
ANNEX 1   ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
869
ANNEX 2   ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
995
ANNEX 3   ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
1039
ANNEX 4   ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED SECURITIES 
1061
ANNEX 5   ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 1065
ANNEX 6   ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
1078
ANNEX 7   ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
1087
ANNEX 8   ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
1097
ANNEX 9   ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
SECURITIES 
1120
ANNEX 10  ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
1124
ANNEX A – DESCRIPTION OF AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS 
1198
ANNEX B – CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
1203
ANNEX 11   ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
1209
ANNEX 12  ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
1229
USE OF PROCEEDS 
1284
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP INDICES 
1285
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
1286
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
1298
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO BNP PARIBAS 
1302
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS ARBITRAGE S.N.C. 
1303
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
1305
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
1308
TAXATION  
1309
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
1340
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1353

--- Page 13 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 13 - 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description (the "General Description") does not purport to be complete and is taken 
from, and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms 
and Conditions of any particular Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) of Securities, the applicable 
Final Terms.  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Securities shall be issued in a form eligible 
for resale pursuant to the United States Securities Act of 1933, in which event, in the case of listed Securities 
only and if appropriate, a Supplement to the Base Prospectus will be published.   
The General Description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation").   
Words and expressions defined in the sections headed "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants", "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" shall have the same meanings in 
this General Description. 
Issuer:  
SecurAsset S.A., a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) whose activities are subject to the Securitisation Act 
2004, was incorporated on 23 January 2009 and is authorised and 
supervised by the CSSF.   
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 54930048RHLTJXAMT751. 
The Issuer's registered office is located at 20, rue de la Poste, 
Luxembourg L-2346. 
The purpose and object of the Issuer pursuant to its articles of 
incorporation is to enter into, perform and serve as a vehicle for, 
any transactions permitted under the Securitisation Act 2004. 
The Issuer has no subsidiaries. 
All the shares in the Issuer are held by Stichting AssetSecur, a 
foundation duly incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands, 
having its registered office at Naritaweg 165 Telestone 8, 1043BW 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands and registered with the trade register 
of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam under number 
34322925. 
Guarantor (if applicable):  
Securities may be guaranteed by BNPP if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Please see the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Form of Guarantee" for further details on the 
form of the Guarantee (if applicable).   
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Securities issued under this Base Prospectus.  
There are also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the relevant Guarantee (where 
applicable).  In addition, there are certain factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks and legal risks 
associated with Securities issued under the Programme, risks 
relating to the structure of a particular Series of Securities and risks 
relating to the Underlying Reference or the disruption and 
adjustment provisions of a particular Series of Securities issued

--- Page 14 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 14 - 
under the Programme.  All of these are set out under "Risk 
Factors". Additional considerations associated with an investment 
in the Securities are also set out under "Investment 
Considerations". 
Description:  
Secured Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme. 
Shares will not be issued under this Base Prospectus.   
Arranger:  
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
Dealers:  
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C., BNP Paribas and any other Dealers 
appointed in accordance with the Dealer Agreement.   
Certain Restrictions:  
Each issue of Securities denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription, 
Sale and Transfer Restrictions").   
Trustee:  
BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited and any successor 
appointed pursuant to the relevant issue deed which incorporates 
master trust terms agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee (the 
"Master Trust Terms"). 
Issuing and Paying Agent, 
Principal Warrant and Certificate 
Agent, Registrar and Transfer 
Agent:  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, 
from and including the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP 
Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg). 
Calculation Agent: 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. or BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV or 
BNP Paribas or any other entity, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
Paying Agents:  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, 
from and including the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP 
Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) and/or any such additional or 
successor paying agent appointed in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions.  
Warrant and Certificate Agents: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, 
from and including the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP 
Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) and/or any such additional or 
successor agent appointed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement. 
Custodian:  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, 
from and including the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP 
Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg). 
Account Bank: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (where 
specified in the applicable Final Terms)(which, from and including 
the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale 
de Luxembourg).

--- Page 15 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 15 - 
Cash Manager: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (where 
specified in the applicable Final Terms)(which, from and including 
the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale 
de Luxembourg). 
Distribution:  
Securities may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement.   
Currencies:  
Securities may be denominated in euro, sterling, U.S. dollars and, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and regulations, 
any other currency as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.   
Redenomination:  
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Securities 
may be redenominated in euro.   
Maturities (Notes and 
Certificates):  
Any maturity as indicated in the applicable Final Terms subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency.   
Issue Price (Notes and 
Certificates):  
Notes or Certificates, as applicable, may be issued at an issue price 
(expressed either (i) as a percentage of the aggregate nominal 
amount, in the case of Notes, or of the aggregate notional amount 
outstanding, in the case of Certificates, or (ii) as an amount per 
Note of the relevant Specified Denomination) which is at par or at 
a discount to, or premium over, par (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms).   
Yield: 
The yield of the Securities is calculated as being the internal rate of 
return of the Securities, based on the Issue Price and all Interest 
Amounts and/or Premium Amounts payable in respect of the 
Securities. 
Form of Securities: 
Notes 
Each Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) of Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms will be either Bearer Notes (with or 
without interest coupons attached) or Registered Notes (without 
interest coupons attached) issued outside the United States in 
accordance with Regulation S.   
Bearer Notes will on issue be represented by either a temporary 
global Note or a permanent global Note as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Temporary global Notes will be 
exchangeable either for (a) interests in a permanent global Note or 
(b) for Definitive Bearer Notes, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms.  Permanent global Notes will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Bearer Notes in limited circumstances, including upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event, as described in "Form of the 
Notes".  U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or 
any successor rules substantially identical thereto (the "TEFRA D

--- Page 16 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 16 - 
Rules") will apply to the Bearer Notes unless the Bearer Notes do 
not have a maturity of more than 365 days.     
Registered Notes will on issue be represented by a Global 
Registered Note which will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Registered Notes, registered in the name of the owner of the 
principal and interest payable thereon, in certain circumstances set 
out in such Global Registered Note.   
Registered Notes will not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and 
vice versa.   
Warrants 
Each Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) of Warrants 
specified in the applicable Final Terms will be constituted by a 
global warrant, in accordance with Regulation S. 
Clearing System Warrants will on issue be represented by a 
Clearing System Global Warrant as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Registered Warrants will on issue be represented by 
a Registered Global Warrant. 
Registered Global Warrants will not be exchangeable for Clearing 
System Global Warrants and vice versa. 
Certificates 
Each Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) of Certificates 
specified in the applicable Final Terms will be constituted by a 
global certificate, in accordance with Regulation S. 
Clearing System Certificates will on issue be represented by a 
Clearing System Global Certificate as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Registered Certificates will on issue be represented 
by a Registered Global Certificate. 
Registered Global Certificates will not be exchangeable for 
Clearing System Global Certificates and vice versa. 
Types of underlying: 
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may be linked to one 
or more indices, one or more shares, ADRs and/or GDRs, one or 
more inflation indices, one or more commodities and/or 
commodity indices, one or more foreign exchange rates, one or 
more debt securities, units, interests or shares in a single fund or a 
basket of funds, the credit of a specified entity or entities, interests 
in one or more exchange traded instruments, one or more 
underlying interest or Constant Maturity Swap rates or a 
combination of one or more of these underlyings. 
Index Linked Notes, Index Linked 
Warrants and Index Linked 
Certificates (together, "Index 
Linked Securities"):  
Payments in respect of Index Linked Securities will be calculated 
by reference to one or more indices as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Index Linked Securities may be linked to, among 
other things, an equity index, a property index and/or a hybrid or 
multi-asset index (including one or more custom indices

--- Page 17 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 17 - 
established, calculated and/or sponsored by BNP Paribas and/or its 
affiliates)(which such indices are more particularly described in the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Description of BNPP 
Indices". For the avoidance of doubt, no Securities will be issued 
under this Base Prospectus which are linked to the performance of 
an Index composed by the Issuer (or a member of its group). 
Index Linked Securities may be subject to adjustment or 
cancellation (in the case of Index Linked Warrants) or early 
redemption (in the case of Index Linked Notes and Index Linked 
Certificates) if an Index is modified or cancelled and there is no 
successor index acceptable to the Calculation Agent, if the Index's 
sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Index, or certain events 
(such as illegality, disruptions or cost increases) occur with respect 
to the Swap Counterparty's or any of its affiliates' hedging 
arrangements. 
If certain disruption events occur with respect to valuation of an 
Index, such valuation will be postponed and certain adjustments 
may be made by the Calculation Agent. Payments may also be 
postponed. 
Share Linked Notes, Share Linked 
Warrants and Share Linked 
Certificates (together, "Share 
Linked Securities"): 
Payments in respect of Share Linked Securities will be calculated 
by reference to one or more shares, ADRs and/or GDRs (together 
referred to herein as "Shares" and each a "Share") as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Share Linked Securities may also provide, 
in the case of Share Linked Notes or Share Linked Certificates, for 
redemption by physical delivery of the Entitlement as more fully 
set out in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or "Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates", as applicable, or, in the case of 
Share Linked Warrants, physical settlement, as more fully set out 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants".  
Share Linked Securities may be subject to early redemption (in the 
case of Share Linked Notes and Share Linked Certificates) or 
cancellation (in the case of Share Linked Warrants) or adjustment 
(including as to valuation and in certain circumstances Share 
substitutions) if certain corporate events (such as events affecting 
the value of a Share or, in the case of GDRs and ADRs, Underlying 
Share (including Share or Underlying Share divisions or 
consolidations, extraordinary dividends and capital calls); de-
listing of a Share or Underlying Share; insolvency, merger or 
nationalisation of a Share or Underlying Share issuer; or a tender 
offer or redenomination of a Share or Underlying Share) occur, if 
certain events (such as illegality, disruptions or cost increases) 
occur with respect to the Swap Counterparty's (if any) or any of its 
affiliates' hedging arrangements, or if insolvency filings are made 
with respect to a Share or Underlying Share issuer. 
For the avoidance of doubt, Securities convertible into shares in the 
Issuer (or an entity belonging to the same group as the Issuer) will 
not be issued under this Base Prospectus and any Securities which 
are not Exempt Securities may only be convertible into shares

--- Page 18 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 18 - 
issued by a third party issuer which are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market. 
Inflation Linked Notes, Inflation 
Linked Warrants and Inflation 
Linked Certificates (together, 
"Inflation Linked Securities"): 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Securities will be 
calculated by reference to one or more Inflation Indices as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Commodity Linked Notes, 
Commodity Linked Warrants and 
Commodity Linked Certificates 
(together, "Commodity Linked 
Securities"): 
Payments in respect of Commodity Linked Securities will be 
calculated by reference to one or more commodities (including an 
EU Allowance) and/or commodity indices as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.   
Commodity Linked Securities may be subject to adjustment 
(including as to valuations) if certain events occur with respect to 
a Commodity, Commodity Index or Index Component (such as a 
trading disruption the disappearance of, or disruption in publication 
of, a reference price; and in certain circumstances a change in the 
formula for calculating a reference price; or a change in the content 
of a Commodity) or an index component disruption event or Index 
Adjustment Event in respect of a Commodity Index. 
Commodity Linked Securities may be subject to cancellation or 
early redemption or adjustment if a Commodity Index is modified 
or cancelled and there is no successor index acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, if the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and 
announce the Commodity Index, or certain events (such as 
illegality or disruptions) occur with respect to the Swap 
Counterparty's (if any), or any of its respective affiliates’, hedging 
arrangements. 
Currency Linked Notes, Currency 
Linked Warrants and Currency 
Linked Certificates (together, 
"Currency Linked Securities"): 
Payments in respect of Currency Linked Securities will be 
calculated by reference to one or more foreign exchange rates as 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Debt Linked Notes, Debt Linked 
Warrants and Debt Linked 
Certificates (together, "Debt 
Linked Securities"): 
Payments in respect of Debt Linked Securities will be calculated 
by reference to one or more debt securities as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Debt Linked Notes and Debt Linked 
Certificates may also provide for settlement by physical delivery 
of the Entitlement. 
Fund Linked Notes, Fund Linked 
Warrants and Fund Linked 
Certificates (together, "Fund 
Linked Securities"): 
Payments in respect of Fund Linked Securities will be calculated 
by reference to units, interests or shares in a single fund or basket 
of funds on such terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Fund is a Euro Fund, the interest (if any) payable on and/or 
the amount payable on redemption of the Securities is determined 
by reference to the gross rate of return in respect of a Euro Fund.  
Fund Linked Notes and Fund Linked Certificates may also provide 
for redemption by physical delivery of the Entitlement. 
Fund Linked Securities may be subject to adjustment (including as 
to valuation and fund substitutions), early redemption or

--- Page 19 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 19 - 
cancellation, as applicable, or if certain corporate events (such as 
insolvency (or an analogous event) occurring with respect to a 
fund; litigation against, or regulatory events occurring with respect 
to a fund; suspensions of fund subscriptions or redemptions; certain 
changes in net asset value of a fund; or modifications to the 
investment objectives or changes in the nature or administration of 
a fund) occur, if certain valuation or settlement disruption events 
occur with respect to a fund, or if certain events (such as illegality, 
disruptions or cost increases) occur with respect to the relevant 
Swap Counterparty's (if any) or any of its affiliates' hedging 
arrangements. 
Credit Linked Notes and Credit 
Linked Certificates (together, 
"Credit Linked Securities"): 
Notes and Certificates with respect to which payment is linked to 
the credit of a specified entity or entities will be issued on such 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Conditions to Settlement are satisfied during the Notice Delivery 
Period, each Credit Linked Security will be redeemed by the 
payment of the Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount if Cash 
Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms, or by 
Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Entitlement, if Physical Delivery is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or by the payment of the Auction Settlement Amount if 
Auction Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(unless a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, in which case the 
Credit Linked Securities will be redeemed in accordance with the 
Fallback Settlement Method specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) as more fully set out in Annex 10 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Securities). 
ETI Linked Notes, ETI Linked 
Warrants and ETI Linked 
Certificates (together, "ETI 
Linked Securities"): 
Payments in respect of ETI Linked Securities will be calculated by 
reference to interests in one or more exchange traded instruments 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. ETI Linked Securities 
may also provide for settlement by physical delivery of the 
Entitlement. 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Notes, Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Warrants and Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Certificates 
(together "Underlying Interest 
Rate Linked Securities"): 
Payments in respect of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Securities 
will be calculated by reference to interests in one or more 
underlying interest or Constant Maturity Swap ("CMS") rates as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
Hybrid Notes, Hybrid Warrants 
and Hybrid Certificates (together, 
"Hybrid Securities"): 
Payments in respect of Hybrid Securities will be calculated by 
reference to any combination of Underlying References as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Physical Delivery Notes, Physical 
Delivery Warrants and Physical 
Delivery Certificates (together, 
"Physical Delivery Securities"):  
Payments in respect of Physical Delivery Securities and any 
physical delivery of the Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery 
Securities will be made in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Securities, subject always to applicable 
securities laws.  For the avoidance of doubt, Physical Delivery

--- Page 20 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 20 - 
Securities where the Entitlement will include shares in the Issuer 
(or an entity belonging to the same group as the Issuer) will not be 
issued under this Base Prospectus. 
Zero Coupon Notes:  
Zero Coupon Notes will not bear interest (other than in the case of 
late payment).  
Redemption and Cancellation:  
Notes 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Notes 
cannot, in the case of Notes be redeemed prior to their stated 
redemption date (other than in specified instalments, if applicable, 
or for taxation reasons, if applicable, or following an Event of 
Default or Early Redemption Event or that such Notes (if Physical 
Delivery Notes, may, be settled on redemption or otherwise by 
receipt by the holder of a cash amount and/or by physical delivery 
of the relevant Entitlement.   
The Final Terms may also provide that such Notes will be 
redeemable by the  Issuer and/or the relevant Noteholders upon 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' irrevocable notice 
(or such other notice period (if any) as is indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) to the Noteholders  or the Issuer, as the case may be, 
on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and Dealer(s) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, or 
that such Notes may be redeemed early following the optional 
termination of the relevant Swap Agreement by the Swap 
Counterparty.   
The Notes may also be redeemed prior to their stated maturity in 
circumstances described in the Terms and Conditions.   
Where specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be 
redeemable in two or more instalments of such amounts and on 
such dates as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.   
Certificates 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Certificates 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated redemption date (other 
than in specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons, 
if applicable, or following an Event of Default or Early 
Redemption Event or that such Certificates (if Physical Delivery 
Certificates, may, be settled on redemption or otherwise by receipt 
by the holder of a cash amount and/or by physical delivery of the 
relevant Entitlement.   
The Final Terms may also provide that such Certificates will be 
redeemable by the Issuer and/or the relevant Certificateholders 
upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' irrevocable 
notice (or such other notice period (if any) as is indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) to the Certificateholders  or the Issuer, as 
the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as may be agreed

--- Page 21 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 21 - 
between the Issuer and Dealer(s) as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms, or that such Securities may be redeemed early 
following the optional termination of the relevant Swap Agreement 
by the Swap Counterparty.   
The Certificates may also be redeemed prior to their stated  
redemption date in circumstances described in the Terms and 
Conditions.   
Warrants 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the Warrants 
cannot be cancelled prior to their Expiration Date (other than for 
taxation reasons, if applicable, or following an Event of Default or 
Early Termination Event or that such Warrants (if Physical 
Delivery Warrants may be settled on the Settlement Date or 
otherwise by receipt by the holder of a cash amount and/or by 
physical delivery (except, in the case of any Guaranteed Warrants 
as set out in the applicable Guarantee) of the relevant Entitlement 
or that such Securities will be exercised at the option of the Issuer 
upon giving not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' irrevocable 
notice (or such other notice period (if any) as is indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) to the Warrantholders on a date or dates 
specified prior to such stated exercise date and at a price or prices 
and on such terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
Dealer(s) as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, or that such 
Warrants may be cancelled early following the optional 
termination of the relevant Swap Agreement by the Swap 
Counterparty.  The Warrants may also be cancelled prior to their 
stated Expiration Date, as applicable, in circumstances described 
in the Terms and Conditions.   
General 
The Securities may also be redeemed or cancelled early following 
the occurrence of certain disruption, adjustment, extraordinary or 
other events.  If Payout Switch Election or Automatic Payout 
Switch is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
payable or deliverable on redemption or cancellation may be 
switched from one amount payable or deliverable to another. 
If Autoroll is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Autoroll Event occurs, where: 
(a) 
Autoroll Standard is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) the Final Payout and its related provisions, (ii) 
the Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event, as applicable, 
and its related provisions, (iii) the Automatic Early 
Redemption Event and its related provisions, (iv) the 
Strike Date and/or (v) the Maturity Date or the 
Redemption Date, as applicable, will be amended to the 
Rolled Final Payout and its related provisions, Rolled 
Knock-in Event or Rolled Knock-out Event, as applicable, 
and its related provisions, Rolled Automatic Early

--- Page 22 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 22 - 
Redemption Event and its related provisions, Rolled Strike 
Date and/or Rolled Maturity Date or Rolled Redemption 
Date, as the case may be, each as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Autoroll Lock is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
any level specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of (i) the Final Payout and its related provisions, (ii) the 
Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event and its related 
provisions, (iii) the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
and its related provisions and/or (iv) the Coupon Payout 
and its related provisions will be amended to (x) if 
Autoroll Lock Product is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the product of such originally designated level and 
the relevant Locked Level or (y) if Autoroll Lock Divide 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, such originally 
designated level divided by the relevant Locked Level, in 
each case, specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(c) 
Autoroll Shift is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
any level specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of (i) the Final Payout and its related provisions, (ii) the 
Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event and its related 
provisions, (iii) the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
and its related provisions and/or (iv) the Coupon Payout 
and its related provisions will be amended to the relevant 
Shifted Level specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest (in the case of Notes or 
Certificates)/Premium Amounts 
(in the case of Certificates only): 
The Notes or Certificates may or may not bear or pay interest or, 
in the case of Certificates may pay a Premium Amount.  Interest 
paying Notes or Interest Amount/Premium Amount paying 
Certificates will either bear or pay interest or a premium amount 
(as applicable) determined by reference to a fixed rate, a floating 
rate and/or a rate calculated by reference to one or more Underlying 
Reference(s) (each an "Underlying Reference"). 
Notes or Certificates which do not bear or pay interest or a 
Premium Amount may be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount or notional amount, as the case may be. 
The Interest Amount or Premium Amount will be calculated and 
payable on such date or dates as determined by the relevant Issuer 
at the time of issue of the relevant Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if applicable, summarised in the 
relevant issue specific summary annexed to the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Interest or Premium Amount Rate may be any of the following 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
Fixed Rate (including SPS Fixed): paying a fixed rate of 
interest. 
- 
Floating Rate (including SPS Variable Amount): paying a 
floating rate of interest which may be calculated by

--- Page 23 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 23 - 
reference to a reference rate (such as, but not limited to, 
EURIBOR, SONIA , SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA). 
- 
Linked Interest (including SPS Coupons: Stellar, 
Cappuccino, Ratchet, Driver, Nova, and FI Coupons: FX 
Vanilla): paying an amount linked to the performance of 
one or more Underlying Reference(s). 
- 
Conditional (including SPS Coupons: Digital, Snowball 
Digital, Accrual Digital, and FI Coupons: FI Digital, FX 
Digital, Range Accrual, FX Range Accrual, FX Memory, 
PRDC, FI Digital Floor, FI Digital Cap): paying an 
amount either related or unrelated to the performance of 
the Underlying Reference(s), if certain conditions are met.
- 
Combination (including SPS Coupons: Sum, Option Max, 
and FI Coupon: Combination Floater): combining two or 
more coupon types. 
- 
FI Target Coupon. 
- 
Duration Adjusted Coupon. 
These rates and/or amounts of interest or premium amount payable 
may be subject to a maximum or a minimum.   
If Coupon Switch Election or Automatic Coupon Switch is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the rate may 
be switched from one specified rate to another. 
If Additional Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Additional Switch Coupon Amount 
will be payable on the Interest Payment Date or Premium Amount 
Payment Date (where applicable) following such switch.  The 
terms applicable to each Series of such Notes or Certificates will 
be determined by the Issuer at the time of issue of the relevant 
Securities, specified in the applicable Final Terms and (if required) 
summarised in the relevant issue specific summary annexed to the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes and Fixed Rate 
Certificates:  
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) and on redemption (if applicable) 
and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms.   
Floating Rate Notes and Floating 
Rate Certificates:  
Floating Rate Notes and Floating Rate Certificates will bear 
interest at a rate determined (i) on the same basis as the floating 
rate under a notional interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement in the form of either 
(a) a confirmation incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions (in each case, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of

--- Page 24 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 24 - 
the Notes or Certificates, as the case may be, of the relevant Series) 
or (b) the Master Agreement relating to foreign exchange and 
derivative transactions published by the Fédération Bancaire 
Française and evidenced by a Confirmation; or (ii) on the basis of 
a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page of a 
commercial quotation service. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes or Floating Rate Certificates may 
also be payable, and will be calculated in accordance with the 
relevant provisions of (i) Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Payouts) or (ii) the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes or the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates, as the case 
may be, as specified prior to issue in the applicable Final Terms. 
Payout Methodology: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each 
Security entitles its holder to receive from the Issuer: 
(a) 
In respect of the Maturity Date (in the case of Notes), the 
Settlement Date (in the case of Warrants) or the 
Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates): 
(i) 
in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
or 
Cash 
Settlement 
Amount, being an amount equal to the Final 
Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the 
Entitlement, being the quantity of the Relevant 
Assets specified in the applicable Final Terms 
equal to the Entitlement specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(iii) 
in the case of Securities which may either be Cash 
Settled Securities or Physical Delivery Securities, 
depending on whether certain conditions are met, 
either (A) a Final Redemption Amount or Cash 
Settlement Amount being an amount equal to the 
Final Payout specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (B) the Entitlement, being the quantity 
of the Relevant Assets specified in the applicable 
Final Terms equal to the Entitlement specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Securities are Credit 
Linked Securities, redemption shall be at the amount 
and/or by delivery of the assets specified in the Credit 
Linked Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early 
Redemption 
Event 
occurs, 
the 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
If an Issuer Call Option or Noteholder Put Option or 
Certificateholder Put Option is specified as applicable in

--- Page 25 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 25 - 
the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount. 
(d) 
In the case of interest or premium amount paying 
Securities, the relevant interest amount or premium 
amount. 
The terms of a Series of Securities are comprised of (i) the 
Conditions, (ii) the Annex relevant to the relevant Underlying 
References (if any) and (iii) if selected in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest or Premium Amount Rate and/or 
Payout(s) selected from Annex 1 to the Conditions (the "Payout 
Annex") specified in the applicable Final Terms and the related 
variables specified in the applicable Final Terms (including the 
relevant valuation provisions) for such Rate of Interest or Premium 
Amount Rate and/or Payout(s) (as selected from the Payout 
Annex). 
Investors must review the Conditions, the Annex relevant to 
the relevant Underlying Reference (where applicable) and the 
Payout Annex (where applicable), together with the applicable 
Final Terms to ascertain the terms and conditions applicable 
to the Securities. 
Final Payouts: 
Structured Products Securities (SPS) Final Payouts 
(1) 
Fixed Percentage Securities: fixed term products which 
have a return equal to a fixed percentage. 
(2) 
Reverse Convertible Securities (Reverse Convertible, 
Reverse Convertible Standard): fixed term products which 
have a return linked to both the performance of the 
Underlying Reference(s) and a knock-in level. There is no 
capital protection and these products pay coupons. 
(3) 
Vanilla Securities (Call, Call Spread, Put, Put Spread, 
Digital, Knock-in Call, Knock-out Call, Range Accrual): 
fixed term products which have a return linked to the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return is 
calculated by reference to various mechanisms (including 
knock-in or knock-out features). There may be total, 
partial or no capital protection. 
(4) 
Asian Securities (Asian, Asian Spread, Himalaya, 
Talisman): fixed term products which have a return linked 
to the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) 
determined through an averaging method. The return is 
calculated by reference to various mechanisms (including 
a cap, a floor or lock-in features). There may be total, 
partial or no capital protection. 
(5) 
Auto-callable Securities (Autocall, Autocall One Touch, 
Autocall Standard): fixed term products that include an 
automatic early redemption feature. The return is linked to 
the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The

--- Page 26 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 26 - 
return is calculated by reference to various mechanisms 
(including a knock-in feature). There may be total, partial 
or no capital protection. 
(6) 
Indexation Securities (Certi plus: Booster, Certi plus: 
Bonus, Certi plus: Leveraged, Certi plus: Twin Win, Certi 
plus: Super Sprinter, Certi plus: Generic, Certi plus: 
Generic Knock-in, Certi plus: Generic Knock-out): fixed 
term products which have a return linked to the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return is 
calculated by reference to various mechanisms (including 
knock-in or knock-out features). There may be total, 
partial or no capital protection. 
(7) 
Ratchet Securities: fixed term products which have a 
return linked to the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s). The return is equal to the sum of returns 
determined on a given formula (which can be capped or 
floored). There may be total, partial or no capital 
protection. 
(8) 
Sum Securities: fixed term products which have a return 
linked to the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). 
The return calculation is the weighted sum of returns 
determined using different payout formulae. There may be 
total, partial or no capital protection. 
(9) 
Option Max Securities: fixed term products which have a 
return linked to the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s). The return is the maximum return 
calculation of different payout formulae. There may be 
total, partial or no capital protection. 
(10) 
Stellar Securities: fixed term products which have a return 
linked to the performance of a basket of Underlying 
References. The return calculation, which is subject to a 
floor, is made up of the average returns of each Underlying 
Reference in the basket, each being subject to both a cap 
and a floor. 
(11) 
Driver Securities: fixed term products which have a return 
linked to the performance of a basket of Underlying 
References. The return calculation, which is subject to a 
floor, is determined by reference to the average return of 
the basket, where the performance of one or more of the 
best performing Underlying Reference(s) is set at a fixed 
level. 
(12) 
Transition Securities: fixed term products which have a 
return linked to the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to 
various mechanisms (including knock-in and automatic 
early redemption feature) combined with trigger events 
which determine the allocation between the amount that

--- Page 27 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 27 - 
will be reimbursed and the amount linked to the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s). There may 
be partial or no capital protection and these products pay 
coupons. 
Fixed Income (FI) Final Payouts 
(1) 
FI FX Vanilla Securities: fixed term products which have 
a return linked to the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to 
various mechanisms (including knock-in or knock-out 
features). There may be total, partial or no capital 
protection. 
(2) 
Digital Securities (Digital Floor, Digital Cap, Digital 
Plus): fixed term products which have a fixed or variable 
return depending on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference to 
various mechanisms (including floor or cap conditions and 
knock-in and/or knock-out features). 
(3) 
Inflation securities: fixed term products which have a 
return linked to the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s).
Entitlement Amounts: 
The Entitlement Amount may be determined on the basis of the 
following payouts: 
Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying 
Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying 
Delivery of the Underlying 
Delivery of Basket Underlying 
Delivery of Accumulator Underlying 
If Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying, Delivery of Best-
Performing Underlying or Delivery of the Underlying is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Entitlement Amount will be 
rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable 
of being delivered and in lieu thereof the Issuer may pay an amount 
equal to the Rounding and Residual Amount.  If Delivery of Basket 
Underlying is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Entitlement Amount in respect of each Underlying Reference in the 
basket will be rounded down on a per Underlying Reference basis 
to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable of being 
delivered and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay an amount equal to 
the Rounding and Residual Amount in respect of each Underlying 
Reference in the basket.  If Delivery of Accumulator Underlying is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in addition to delivery of 
the Entitlement Amount in respect of the Underlying Reference,

--- Page 28 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 28 - 
the Issuer will pay an amount equal to the Rounding and Residual 
Amount. 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, occurs, the Securities will be redeemed 
early at the Automatic Early Redemption Amount on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
The Automatic Early Redemption Amount will be equal to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if not set out, an amount equal to the product of (i) 
the Calculation Amount (in the case of a Note) or the Notional 
Amount (in the case of a Certificate or Warrant) and (ii) the sum of 
the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Percentage and the 
relevant AER Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms relating 
to the Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
SPS Transition Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
SPS Accumulator AER Payout 
Target Automatic Early Redemption 
FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption 
FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption 
Early Redemption/Early 
Termination: 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that one or more 
(as applicable) Early Redemption Event or Early Termination 
Event has occurred prior to the specified date of redemption or 
cancellation, as the case may be, it shall notify the Issuer and the 
Issuer shall notify the relevant Holders of Securities that it intends 
to redeem the Notes or Certificates or cancel the Warrants, as the 
case may be, and, upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall 
redeem or cancel all, but not some only, of the Securities at their 
Early Redemption Amount or Early Termination Amount on the 
date of redemption or cancellation specified in the relevant notice 
(the "Early Redemption Date" or the "Early Termination Date") 
(provided that redemption in full of the Notes or Certificates or 
settlement of the Warrants may be postponed until the Extended 
Maturity Date, Extended Redemption Date or Extended Settlement 
Date, as the case may be (where Maturity Date Extension, 
Redemption Date Extension or Settlement Date Extension is 
applicable).  
The Early Redemption Events are set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes (see Condition 7(l) (Early Redemption 
Events)) or the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (see 
Condition 8(l) (Early Redemption Events)), as the case may be and

--- Page 29 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 29 - 
the Early Termination Events are set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants (see Condition 8(c) (Early Termination 
Events)).   
The applicable Final Terms will specify which of the Early 
Redemption Events or Early Termination Events will apply to the 
relevant Series of Securities and will also specify which of the 
different methods for determining the Early Redemption Amount 
or the Early Termination Amount will apply to the Securities.  The 
Early Redemption Amounts which may be applicable to Notes or 
Certificates are as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
(see Condition 7(e) (Early Redemption Amounts)) or the Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates (see Condition 8(e) (Early 
Redemption Amounts)), as the case may be.  The Early Termination 
Amounts which may be applicable to Warrants are as set out in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants (see Condition 8(c) (Early 
Termination Events)). 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by 
the holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding of the relevant Series, the holders of at least 25 
per cent. in number of the Warrants then unexercised of the 
relevant Series or the holders of Certificates representing at least 
25 per cent. in number of the Certificates then outstanding of the 
relevant Series, or if so directed by an extraordinary resolution of 
such holders (being a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened 
and held by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast), 
shall, (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction) give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (where 
applicable) that such Notes are, and they shall accordingly 
forthwith become, immediately due and repayable (a "Note 
Acceleration"), such Warrants are, and they shall accordingly 
forthwith become, entitled to the Liquidation Proceeds (a 
"Warrant Acceleration") or such Certificates are, and they shall 
accordingly forthwith become, entitled to the Liquidation Proceeds 
(a "Certificate Acceleration") upon the occurrence of any of the 
following events (each an "Event of Default"):  
(i) 
a default is made for a period of 30 days or more in the 
payment of any sum due or the delivery of the Entitlement 
in respect of the relevant Securities; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other 
obligations under the relevant Securities or the Trust Deed 
(subject to a 45 day grace period where such failure is (in 
the opinion of the Trustee) remediable); or  
(iii) 
in respect of any other Series of securities issued under the 
same Compartment as the Securities (such other Series of 
securities, the "Related Securities"), a Note Acceleration 
(where the Securities are Notes), a Warrant Acceleration 
(where the Securities are Warrants) or a Certificate

--- Page 30 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 30 - 
Acceleration (where the Securities are Certificates), as 
applicable, occurs; 
(iv) 
any order is made by any competent court or any resolution 
passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, the opening of any 
bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial 
liquidation 
(insolvabilité, 
liquidation 
volontaire 
ou 
judiciaire), composition arrangements with creditors 
(concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from payment 
(sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion 
contrôlée), fraudulent conveyance (actio pauliana), general 
settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or 
similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors 
generally) or the appointment of a receiver of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, the appointment of any 
receiver (curateur), liquidator (liquidateur), auditor 
(commissaire), verifier (expert-verificateur), deputy judge 
(juge délégué) or reporting judge (juge commissaire)) save 
for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
extraordinary resolution of the relevant Securityholders; or 
(v) 
where a Guarantee is applicable to the Securities, the 
Guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect in respect of 
the relevant Securities, or notice is given by the Guarantor 
which would cause the Guarantee to cease to be in full force 
and effect in respect of the relevant Securities, or is rendered 
void for any cause or by any means whatsoever or any 
legislation is introduced the result of which would be to 
remove the benefit of the Guarantee from the relevant 
Securities or terminate or amend the same in a manner (in 
the opinion of the Trustee) materially adverse to the 
interests of the relevant Holders of Securities, or the 
Guarantor is unable to perform its obligations thereunder for 
any reason. 
If an Event of Default occurs by virtue of the operation of 
Condition 11(a)(iii), a Note Acceleration for the purposes of the 
Notes shall be deemed to have occurred at the same time as the 
"Note Acceleration" (as such expression is defined in the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Related Securities) occurred for the 
purposes of the relevant Related Securities.  If an Event of Default 
occurs by virtue of the operation of Condition 11(a)(iii), a Warrant 
Acceleration for the purposes of the Warrants shall be deemed to 
have occurred at the same time as the Warrant Acceleration 
occurred for the purposes of the relevant Related Securities.  If an 
Event of Default occurs by virtue of the operation of Condition 
12(a)(iii), a Certificate Acceleration for the purposes of the 
Certificates shall be deemed to have occurred at the same time as 
the Certificate Acceleration  occurred for the purposes of the 
relevant Related Securities.

--- Page 31 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 31 - 
Cross Acceleration: 
If, in respect of any Series of Securities which are Notes, one or 
more Series of Related Securities is or are outstanding at any time, 
and a Note Acceleration occurs pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of any such Related Securities which are Notes such 
occurrence will constitute an Event of Default in respect of the 
Notes, all as more fully described in Condition 11 (Events of 
Default).  If, in respect of any Series of Securities which are 
Warrants, one or more Series of Related Securities is or are 
outstanding at any time, and a Warrant Acceleration occurs 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of any such Related Securities 
which are Warrants such occurrence will constitute an Event of 
Default in respect of the Warrants, all as more fully described in 
Condition 11 (Events of Default).  If, in respect of any Series of 
Securities which are Certificates, one or more Series of Related 
Securities is or are outstanding at any time, and a Certificate 
Acceleration occurs pursuant to the terms and conditions of any 
such Related Securities which are Certificates such occurrence will 
constitute an Event of Default in respect of the Certificates, all as 
more fully described in Condition 12 (Events of Default).   
Compartment Assets: 
Each Compartment will comprise a pool of Charged Assets (as 
defined below) of the Issuer separate from the pools of Charged 
Assets relating to other Compartments.  Each Series and any 
Related Securities may (if so stated in the applicable Final Terms) 
be secured by a charge on, or assignment in respect of rights under, 
certain bonds, notes, warrants, receivables or equity securities of 
any form, denomination, type or issuer, guarantees, units in funds, 
loans or any other financial obligations assigned to or assumed by 
the Issuer or any other specified assets owned by the Issuer (the 
"Compartment Assets"), including, without limitation, any one or 
a combination of the following: 

common shares or stock; 

preference shares or stock; 

convertible common shares or stock; 

convertible preference shares or stock; 

American depositary receipts ("ADRs") 

global depositary receipts ("GDRs") 

warrants; 

any other type of asset which represents a share of an 
equity interest in an entity; 

bonds, notes, commercial paper, deposits or certificates 
issued by a corporate, bank or other financial institution, 
government, governmental agency, municipal entity or 
supranational entity whose interest and/or principal

--- Page 32 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 32 - 
payments may be linked to the performance of any 
underlying factor; 

bonds, notes, commercial paper, deposits or certificates 
issued by a corporate, bank or other financial institution 
whose interest and/or principal payments may be linked to 
the creditworthiness of a single reference entity or a basket 
of reference entities; 

bonds or notes linked to the issuer's participation in a 
portion of one or more outstanding commercial loans; 

participation or rights in respect of one or more 
commercial loans; 

bonds (i) convertible, at the option of the holder or 
otherwise, into shares in the issuing company or (ii) 
exchangeable, at the option of the holder or otherwise, into 
shares in another specified company; 

bonds issued by a bank or institution that provides 
recourse to the issuing entity's assets as well as to a pool 
of mortgages or public sector assets protected from the 
insolvency of the issuing institution; 

covered bond collateral issued by a German mortgage 
bank or public sector bank; 

bonds, notes, commercial paper, deposits or certificates 
issued by a corporate, bank or other financial institution, 
government, governmental agency, municipal entity or 
supranational entity not bearing interest, having a principal 
repayment obligation equal to the face amount of such 
bond, note, commercial paper, deposit or certificate; 

bonds, notes, commercial paper, deposits or certificates 
issued by a corporate, bank or other financial institution, 
government, governmental agency, municipal entity or 
supranational entity bearing a fixed or floating rate of  
interest, having a principal repayment obligation equal to 
the face amount of such bond, note, commercial paper, 
deposit or certificate; 

common shares or stock in a Collective Investment 
Scheme; 

preference shares or stock in a Collective Investment 
Scheme; 

units in a Collective Investment Scheme; 

any other type of asset which represents a share, interest 
or unit in a Collective Investment Scheme; or

--- Page 33 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 33 - 

any cash standing to the credit of a managed account, 
and funds held from time to time by the Custodian and/or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent or Principal Warrant and Certificate 
Agent, as applicable and/or the Registrar (each as defined herein) 
for payments due under the Securities of such Series and any 
Related Securities (the "Cash Assets") and/or secured by an 
assignment of the Issuer's rights under an interest rate and/or 
currency exchange agreement or credit default swap agreement or 
total return swap agreement or other derivative transaction (the 
"Swap Agreement") (as defined in the Conditions) and/or a 
deposit agreement (the "Deposit Agreement") and/or a repurchase 
agreement (the "Repurchase Agreement") entered into in respect 
of the relevant Notes, Warrants or Certificates and any Related 
Securities (each as described in more detail below and in the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Description of the Swap 
Agreement", "Description of the Deposit Agreement" and 
"Description of the Repurchase Agreement" respectively), together 
with such additional security as may be described in the applicable 
Final Terms (together with the Compartment Assets, the Cash 
Assets, the Swap Agreement, the Deposit Agreement and the 
Repurchase Agreement, the "Charged Assets").  The Issuer may 
issue more than one Series of Securities per Compartment if such 
Compartment is specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multi-
Series Compartment. 
Charged Assets: 
The Charged Assets relating to a particular Series of Securities and 
any Related Securities have characteristics that demonstrate 
capacity to produce funds to service the payments due and payable 
on such Series of Securities and any Related Securities. 
(i)
Related Agreements:  
In connection with the issue of any Series of Securities and the 
related Compartment, the board of directors of the Issuer may 
decide to enter into one or more Related Agreements, which may 
include, without limitation, any Swap Agreement, Deposit 
Agreement, 
Repurchase 
Agreement, 
Collateral 
Exchange 
Agreement and/or credit support documents with respect to such 
agreement. 
(ii)
Swap Agreement: 
The Issuer's obligations under the Securities and, where applicable, 
any Related Securities may be hedged through one or more swap 
agreements or transactions, with BNP Paribas, BNP Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C. or BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  On transactions where a Swap Agreement 
is the only Charged Asset, such Swap Agreement may be modified 
to replicate the economic effect of a total return swap agreement so 
that the fair market value of the Swap Counterparty Collateral is 
always equal to the market value of Securities held by Holders of 
Securities other than the Swap Counterparty.  A description of the 
principal terms of any swap agreement that may be entered into by 
the Issuer is set out in "Description of the Swap Agreement" below.
(iii)
Deposit Agreement: 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, some or all of the 
proceeds of the Securities received by the Issuer on the Issue Date

--- Page 34 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 34 - 
may be deposited in a bank account or paid to the relevant 
counterparty pursuant to a deposit agreement entered into on the 
Issue Date between the Issuer and such entity as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  A description of the principal terms of any 
Deposit Agreement that may be entered into by the Issuer is set out 
in "Description of the Deposit Agreement".   
(iv)
Repurchase Agreement: 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will enter into 
one or more repurchase agreements (each, a "Repurchase 
Agreement") with BNP Paribas or BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Repo 
Counterparty") pursuant to which the Issuer and the Repo 
Counterparty will enter into one or more transactions under which 
the Issuer will purchase bonds, notes, debt securities or other 
financial instruments which shall form Compartment Assets from 
the Repo Counterparty.  The market value of the assets purchased 
by the Issuer will be set out in the Final Terms.  In certain 
circumstances, the Repo Counterparty may be obliged to 
repurchase securities equivalent to those that are the subject of the 
transaction, as set out in the applicable Final Terms.  A description 
of the principal terms of any Repurchase Agreement that may be 
entered into by the Issuer is set out in "Description of the 
Repurchase Agreement". 
(v)
Collateral 
Exchange 
Agreement: 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will enter into 
one or more securities lending agreements (each, a "Collateral 
Exchange Agreement") with such entity as is specified in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
(the 
"Collateral 
Exchange 
Counterparty") pursuant to which the Issuer and the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty will enter into one or more transactions 
under which the Issuer will, at the request of the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty, transfer the relevant Collateral Securities 
to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty and may, where so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, receive bonds, notes, debt 
securities or other financial instruments by way of collateral from 
the Collateral Exchange Counterparty.  On the maturity of the 
Securities and in certain other circumstances, the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty will be obliged to transfer securities 
equivalent to those that are the subject of the transaction to the 
Issuer.  A description of the principal terms of any Collateral 
Exchange Agreement that may be entered into by the Issuer is set 
out in "Description of the Collateral Agreement". 
Denomination of Notes:  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or 
any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency.   
Withholding Tax:  
All payments made by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) 
shall be made free and clear of any withholding or deduction on 
account of any tax or duty unless such withholding or deduction is

--- Page 35 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 35 - 
required by law, including, without limitation, any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official 
interpretations 
thereof, 
or 
any 
law 
implementing 
an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, in which case they will be 
made net of the required withholding or deduction. 
Restrictions:  
So long as any of the Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer will 
not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee, incur any 
indebtedness for moneys borrowed or raised other than in respect 
of Permitted Instruments or Permitted Indebtedness, engage in any 
activity other than certain activities related to the Securities or any 
Permitted Instrument or Permitted Indebtedness or consolidate or 
merge with any other person or pay any dividends or distributions 
to its members other than in respect of any shares issued by 
SecurAsset S.A. acting through a compartment where such 
dividend or other distribution is funded solely from the profits of 
such compartment in accordance with the articles of association of 
the Issuer, all as more fully described in Condition 4 (Restrictions) 
of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", Condition 3 (Restrictions) 
of "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" or Condition 3 
(Restrictions) of "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates", as 
applicable.   
Rating:  
The Securities may be rated or unrated, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency.   
Listing, approval and admission 
to trading:  
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus in its capacity as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation.  In addition, application has been made 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the EuroMTF market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.   
Securities may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Securities 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may 
also be issued.   
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Securities are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets.   
Governing Law:  
The Securities and each Guarantee will be governed by English 
law.

--- Page 36 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
- 36 - 
Selling Restrictions:  
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Securities 
in the European Economic Area, France, Italy, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands, Spain, the Czech Republic, the United Kingdom, 
Belgium and the United States and such other restrictions as may 
be required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) of Securities, see the 
section headed "Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions" 
below.   
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S. TEFRA D. U.S. Risk Retention. 
The Securities may not be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, 
redeemed, transferred, delivered or exercised, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a U.S. person.  Additional selling restrictions may apply as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. U.S. Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules substantially 
identical thereto (the "TEFRA D Rules") will apply to the Bearer 
Notes unless the Bearer Notes do not have a maturity of more than 
365 days. 
The various categories of potential 
investors to which the securities 
are offered: 
Offers may be made in Belgium, France, Italy, Luxembourg or 
Spain to any person (subject to applicable suitability criteria, if any 
are deemed appropriate pursuant to any applicable conduct of 
business rules). In other EEA countries, offers will only be made 
pursuant to an exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus 
Regulation as implemented in such countries to publish a 
prospectus. In the United Kingdom, offers will only be made 
pursuant to an exemption from the obligation under the UK 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 37 - 
RISK FACTORS
Prospective purchasers of the Securities offered hereby should consider carefully, among other things and 
in light of their financial circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base 
Prospectus and, in particular, the risks set forth below (which the Issuer, in its reasonable opinion, believes 
represents or may represent the risks known to it which may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Securities) in making an investment decision.  Investors may lose the value of their entire 
investment in certain circumstances. 
In purchasing Securities, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become insolvent 
or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Securities or under the relevant Guarantee. 
There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer or the Guarantor 
becoming unable to make all payments due. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to determine which 
factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer and the Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors 
and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and the Guarantor's control. In addition, factors which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Securities issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Conditions. 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NATURE OF THE ISSUER
(a) 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) under the laws of Luxembourg and is a regulated securitisation undertaking (société de 
titrisation) within the meaning of the Securitisation Act 2004.  The Issuer's sole business is to enter 
into, perform and serve as a vehicle for, any transactions permitted under the Securitisation Act 2004. 
The Issuer has, and will have, no assets that are available to the Noteholders, the Warrantholders and 
the Certificateholders (together, the "Holders of Securities") other than Compartment Assets (which 
may include the Reference Securities) or other Charged Assets acquired by the Issuer, in each case 
in connection with the issue of the Securities or the entry into of other obligations relating to the 
Programme. The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under Securities issued by it may depend 
on the receipt by it of payments from the Compartment Assets it purchases (if any) with the proceeds 
of the issue of each Series of Securities or other Charged Assets acquired by it. Such Compartment 
Assets securing the Securities may not be realisable for their full nominal value and the Holders of 
Securities are therefore exposed to the risk that the Issuer will not have sufficient funds available to 
it to make payments owed under the Securities.  This may lead to Holders of Securities losing all or 
part of their initial investment in the relevant Securities. 
(b) 
Limited Recourse Obligations 
The Issuer finances the purchase of the Compartment Assets with the proceeds of the issue of Series 
of Securities. Each Series of Securities will be issued through a separate Compartment other than 
Series of Securities issued through a Multi-Series Compartment.  Recourse of the Holders of 
Securities against the Issuer is limited to, and conditional upon, the funds available to the Issuer from 
time to time in respect of the assets designated as Compartment Assets and other Charged Assets in 
the Final Terms for the relevant Series of Securities, and, where applicable, any Related Securities 
and the Issuer shall have no liability to make any payments under the Securities where such funds 
are not available to it. Therefore, the Holders of Securities are exposed to the risk that the Issuer will 
not have sufficient funds available to it to make payments owed under the Securities and will not 
have any further recourse against the Issuer or any other party (other than, in the case of Guaranteed

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 38 - 
Notes, Guaranteed Warrants, or Guaranteed Certificates, as applicable, the Guarantor, in accordance 
with the Conditions and the applicable Guarantee) in such circumstances, but will suffer a 
corresponding loss on their investment. 
Where amounts are due to be paid in priority to a Security in accordance with the Order of Priority 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds of the enforcement or liquidation of the 
relevant Charged Assets may not be sufficient to pay such amounts or may only be sufficient to make 
all such payments due in priority to such Security, in which case no amounts will be available to 
make payments in respect of such Security and the claims of the Holder of such Security as against 
the Issuer in respect of any such shortfall shall be extinguished.  In all cases, neither the Holder of a 
Security nor any person on its behalf (including the Trustee) shall have the right to petition for the 
winding-up of the Issuer as a consequence of any shortfall and this restriction could limit Holders of 
Securities' ability to recover sums due in respect of the Securities and could increase their losses.   
(c) 
Securitisation Act 2004 and Compartments
The Issuer is established as a société de titrisation within the meaning of the Securitisation Act 2004 
which provides that claims against the Issuer by the Secured Parties (which includes the Holders of 
Securities) will, in principle, be limited to the net assets of the relevant series of Securities allocated 
to the relevant Compartment.  The board of directors of the Issuer (the "Board") may establish one 
or more compartments (together the "Compartments" and each a "Compartment"), each of which 
is a separate and distinct part of the Issuer's estate (patrimoine) and which may be distinguished by 
the nature of acquired risks or assets and the Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms, 
the reference currency or other distinguishing characteristics.  The Holders of Securities may be 
exposed to competing claims of other creditors of the Issuer, the claims of which have not arisen in 
connection with the creation, the operation or the liquidation of a Compartment if foreign courts, 
which have jurisdiction over the assets of the Issuer allocated to a Compartment, do not recognise 
the segregation of assets and the compartmentalisation, as provided for in the Securitisation Act 
2004. The claims of these other creditors may affect the scope of assets which are available for the 
satisfaction of claims of the Holders of Securities. If as a result of such claims, a shortfall arises, 
such shortfall will be borne by the relevant Holders of Securities.   
(d) 
Issuer acting in respect of the relevant Compartment as the sole party liable under the Securities 
The Securities will be contractual obligations of the Issuer solely in respect of the relevant 
Compartment of the Issuer. The fulfilment of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities are not 
guaranteed by any third party save for any Note which is a Guaranteed Note, any Warrant which is 
a Guaranteed Warrant, or any Certificate which is a Guaranteed Certificate, as applicable. 
Consequently, Holders of Securities have no right of recourse against any such third parties. In 
connection with the above it should also be noted that, pursuant to the Securitisation Act 2004, where 
individual Compartment Assets are insufficient for the purpose of meeting the Issuer's obligations 
under the relevant issue of Securities, it will not be possible for the Noteholders of that issue to obtain 
satisfaction of the debt owed to them by the Issuer from assets belonging to another Compartment 
or, in the case of Warrantholders and Certificateholders, to obtain payment of the amount owed to 
them by the Issuer from assets belonging to another Compartment. Accordingly, to the extent 
Compartment Assets are insufficient, the Holders of Securities risk not being able to receive part or 
all of any amounts payable by the Issuer in respect of their investment or losing the entire value of 
their initial investment. 
(e)
Insolvency of the Issuer 
Although the Issuer will contract on a "limited recourse" and non-petition basis as noted above, it 
cannot be excluded as a risk that the Issuer's assets (that is, its aggregate Compartment Assets plus 
any other assets it may possess) will become subject to insolvency proceedings. The Issuer is a public 
limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg and

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 39 - 
managed by its Board. Accordingly, insolvency proceedings with respect to the Issuer would likely 
proceed under, and be governed by, the insolvency laws of Luxembourg.  
In the event of the insolvency of the Issuer, certain preferred creditors of the Issuer (including the 
Luxembourg tax authorities) may have a priority that ranks senior to the rights of the Secured Parties 
(including Holders of Securities) in such circumstances. In the event of such insolvency proceedings 
taking place, Holders of Securities bear the risk of a delay in the settlement of any claims they might 
have against the Issuer or receiving, in respect of their claims, the residual amount following 
realisation of the Issuer's assets after preferred creditors have been paid, with the result that they may 
lose their initial investment.  See the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Description of the 
Issuer" below for a description of the types of insolvency proceeding which could take place with 
respect to the Issuer. 
(f)
Consequences of insolvency proceedings 
The Issuer will seek, as far as practicable, to contract only with parties who agree not to make 
application for the commencement of winding-up, liquidation and bankruptcy or similar proceedings 
against the Issuer.  However, if the Issuer fails for any reason to meet its obligations or liabilities 
(that is, if the Issuer is unable to pay its debts and may obtain no further credit), a creditor, who has 
not (and cannot be deemed to have) accepted non petition and limited recourse provisions in respect 
of the Issuer, will be entitled to make an application for the commencement of insolvency 
proceedings against the Issuer.  In that case, such creditor would, however, not have recourse to the 
assets of any Compartment (in the case that the Issuer has created one or more Compartments) but 
would have to exercise its rights on the general assets of the Issuer unless its rights would arise in 
connection with the "creation, operation or liquidation" of a Compartment, in which case, the creditor 
would have recourse to the assets allocated to that Compartment but he would not have recourse to 
the assets of any other Compartment.  Furthermore, the commencement of such proceedings may in 
certain conditions, entitle creditors (including the relevant counterparties) to terminate contracts with 
the Issuer (including Related Agreements) and seek to recover any loss created by such early 
termination.  The occurrence of such insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer may therefore 
lead to Holders of Securities losing all or part of their initial investment. 
(g)
Risk of a delay in the realisation of the Charged Assets in the event of the insolvency of the Issuer 
In the event of the insolvency of the Issuer, the realisation of the Compartment Assets and other 
Charged Assets may be delayed either by the bankruptcy trustee appointed in relation to the Issuer 
or by measures ordered by a competent court.  Such delay could adversely affect the position of the 
Holders of the Securities in the event of the Compartment Assets falling in value during such delay 
as this would mean that the proceeds of the realisation could be lower and there would be less cash 
available to pay to Holders of Securities and, as a consequence, the Holders of Securities could lose 
all or part of their initial investment.  
(h)
Impact of anti-tax avoidance directive on Luxembourg securitisation companies 
The Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance 
practices that directly affect the functioning of the internal market dated 12 July 2016 was transposed 
into Luxembourg domestic law by the law of 21 December 2018 ("ATAD I") and entered into force 
on 1 January 2019. ATAD I has been amended by the Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 
2017, which was implemented into Luxembourg domestic law by the law of 20 December 2019 
("ATAD II", and together with ATAD I, "ATAD"). 
ATAD introduced new tax measures into Luxembourg law, including among others a limitation as 
regards so-called “exceeding borrowing costs” and hybrid mismatch rules which may result in 
corporate income tax being effectively imposed and due on the Issuer to the extent that the Issuer 
derives income other than interest income or income equivalent to interest from its underlying assets

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 40 - 
and transactions or, as the case may be, if any of the anti-hybrid rules under ATAD apply, for 
instance, if the Securities issued by the Issuer qualify for tax purposes as hybrid financial 
instruments. Where ATAD results in denying the tax deductibility of a portion of the interest accrued 
on the Securities, this could lead to an early redemption of the Securities and any tax payable by the 
Issuer as a result of ATAD could reduce the Early Redemption Amount (in the case of Notes or 
Certificates) or the Early Termination Amount (in the case of Warrants) payable to Holders of the 
Securities. 
On 14 May 2020, the European Commission sent a letter of formal notice to Luxembourg asking 
them to amend its implementation of ATAD into local laws as regards the treatment of securitisation 
vehicles, to the extent such complies with the Securitisation Regulation.  
On 25 February 2022, Luxembourg amended article 168bis of the Luxembourg income tax law dated 
4 December 1967 as amended, regarding interest deduction limitation rules, and removing 
securitisation vehicles falling under the Securitisation Regulation from the definition of "financial 
undertakings". As of 1 January 2023, securitisation vehicles under the Securitisation Regulation are 
subject to the limitation on exceeding borrowing costs. 
In any case, clarifications as regards ATAD and their interpretation may be enacted after the date of 
this Base Prospectus, possibly with retroactive effect, and could alter the tax position of the Issuer. 
In addition, the Issuer may take positions with respect to certain tax issues resulting from the ATAD 
which may depend on legal conclusions not yet resolved by the courts. 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF THE SECURITIES
(a)
Credit risk on the Charged Assets Issuer  
A number of the Early Redemption Events relate to the performance of the RCA Reference Entity 
or one or more obligations issued or guaranteed by the issuer or primary obligor in respect of the 
Charged Assets (which may be the Reference Securities) (the "Charged Assets Issuer"). Upon the 
occurrence of one of these Early Redemption Events, the Holders of Securities may suffer significant 
losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor in obligations of such RCA 
Reference Entity or Charged Assets Issuer.  However, the holding of a Security is unlikely to lead 
to outcomes which exactly reflect the impact of directly investing in the Reference Securities, and 
losses borne by Holders of Securities could be considerably greater than would be suffered by a 
direct investor in the Reference Securities and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to such Reference 
Securities.  Holders of Securities should also note that a relevant Early Redemption Event may occur 
even if the obligations of the RCA Reference Entity or Charged Assets Issuer under the Reference 
Securities or Obligations are unenforceable or their performance is prohibited by any applicable law 
or exchange controls.   
(b)
Charged Assets 
Once the proceeds of the issue of the Securities and any Related Securities have been invested in the 
Charged Assets with respect to a particular Compartment, such Charged Assets (including, without 
limitation, assets such as swap agreements, deposits, repurchase agreements and debt securities) will 
constitute the only source of funds available to the Issuer for the satisfaction of its pre-enforcement 
obligations under the relevant Securities and the relevant Related Agreements (if any).  Accordingly, 
if such Charged Assets do not generate sufficient cashflows, either (dependent on the terms 
applicable to the relevant Securities): 
•
an Early Redemption Event under the relevant Notes or Certificates or an Early Termination 
Event under the relevant Warrants may occur, which, in turn, may lead to the realisation of the 
Charged Assets by the Disposal Agent; or

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 41 - 
•
an Event of Default may occur under the relevant Securities and any Related Securities, which, 
in turn, may lead to the enforcement and liquidation of the relevant Charged Assets by the 
Trustee (or its appointee under the Trust Deed).   
The Trustee is not obliged to take any action unless it has been indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction against any liability it may incur.  The proceeds of any such enforcement and liquidation, 
or realisation, as the case may be, (net of any costs, including the costs of enforcement and 
liquidation) may not be sufficient to meet the claims of the Secured Parties (including the relevant 
Holders of Securities) with respect to the relevant Compartment.  Save in the case of Guaranteed 
Securities, claims against the Issuer by the Holders of Securities of a particular Series and the holders 
of any Related Securities and each other Secured Party in respect of any Compartment will be limited 
to the relevant Charged Assets.   
In addition, the Issuer may issue Securities the redemption amount or settlement amount (as the case 
may be) of which is limited to the liquidation proceeds of the Charged Assets of the Compartment 
relating to such Securities and any Related Securities.  The proceeds of any such liquidation (net of 
any costs, including the costs of liquidation) may not be sufficient to meet the claims of the Secured 
Parties (including the relevant Holders of Securities and the holders of Related Securities) with 
respect to the relevant Compartment. 
If a Note Acceleration, Warrant Acceleration or Certificate Acceleration, as the case may be,  occurs 
under any Related Securities issued through a Compartment which is specified to be a Multi-Series 
Compartment, a Note Acceleration, Warrant Acceleration and Certificate Acceleration, as the case 
may be, will be deemed to have occurred in respect of each Series of Securities issued through the 
relevant Compartment and the security with respect to the Compartment Assets in respect of all such 
Series of Securities will be enforceable in accordance with Condition 12 of the Notes, Condition 13 
of the Warrants or Condition 14 of the Certificates, as applicable. If, at the time of any enforcement 
of the Compartment Security pursuant to Condition 12 of the Notes, Condition 13 of the Warrants 
or Condition 14 of the Certificates, as applicable, one or more Series of Related Securities is 
outstanding, holders of the Securities and the holders of such Related Securities will share equally 
and rateably in any Charged Assets in accordance with the applicable Order of Priority.  Holders of 
Securities are therefore exposed to the risk of cross acceleration and to the occurrence of Events of 
Default occurring with respect to Related Securities where the Securities they hold are issued through 
a Multi-Series Compartment.   
(c)
Subordination of Holders of Securities to payment of expenses and other payments 
On enforcement of the security for the Securities, the rights of the Holders of Securities to be paid 
amounts from the proceeds of such enforcement and realisation of the Charged Assets may be 
subordinated to (i) any fees and expenses incurred in such enforcement and realisation of the 
Compartment Assets and other Charged Assets and (ii) prior rights of the parties (if any) identified 
in the applicable priority of payments (which may, without limitation, include the Swap 
Counterparty, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty and/or Repo Counterparty) to be paid amounts 
(including termination payments due under one or more Related Agreement) from the Issuer in 
priority to the Holders of Securities from the proceeds of such enforcement and realisation of the 
Charged Assets.  The degree of subordination of the rights of the Holders of the Securities and the 
amount of payments due to parties in priority to the Holders of Securities may have an impact on the 
amount received by a Holder of Securities in the event of enforcement of the security.   
(d)
Suspension of Payments under the Securities and the relevant Related Agreements during a 
Suspension Period
Where Suspension of Payments is applicable to a series of Securities, the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Securities will be suspended if the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist 
which may amount to an Asset Payment Default Event or Asset Default Event following the

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 42 - 
expiration of any applicable grace period. During the Suspension Period (i) the Issuer shall make no 
payments on account of Final Redemption Amounts or Cash Settlement Amounts and/or interest; 
and (ii) neither the Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty (or other applicable Related Agreement 
Counterparty) shall make any payments under the Swap Agreement (or other applicable Related 
Agreement). 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs during the Suspension Period (which will be the period of time 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise specified in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities) then no further payments will be made under the Securities in respect of Final 
Redemption Amounts or Cash Settlement Amounts and/or interest and the Securities will be 
redeemed in accordance with the applicable provisions relating to early redemption.  If an Early 
Redemption Event has not occurred on or prior to the last day of the Suspension Period, any Final 
Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount and/or interest amount which would otherwise 
have been payable will be payable on the second Business Day following the earlier of (i) last day 
of such Suspension Period or (ii) the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the events 
which may have resulted in the potential Early Redemption Event have been remedied or no longer 
exist but Holders of Securities may be negatively affected as they will not be entitled to receive any 
further or additional payment as a result of delay in payment of any Final Redemption Amount or 
Cash Settlement Amount and/or interest amount.  
(e) 
Custody Arrangements
Compartment Assets (together with any related Compartment Security) will be held by the Custodian 
on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement.  Assets held by the Custodian may not 
be immediately available to investors upon the bankruptcy of the Custodian and certain classes of 
creditors having general rights of preference stipulated by Luxembourg law, such as preference 
rights for judicial fees (including the fees and costs of a receiver/liquidator), unpaid salaries and 
various tax, excise and social security contributions, may take preference over secured creditors in 
bankruptcy proceedings. In addition, in respect of certain Series of Securities, the collateral provided 
by the Swap Counterparty as credit support for its obligations may be held not by the Custodian but 
by another bank or institution as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Investors in such Securities 
are exposed to the credit risk of such entity, such collateral may not be immediately available to 
investors upon the bankruptcy of such entity and other creditors of such entity may take preference 
as secured creditors in bankruptcy proceedings.  If any of these circumstances occurs, the Holders 
of Securities may lose all or part of their initial investment and/or receive any payment in respect of 
the Securities later than originally scheduled and may not be able to re-invest any amount received 
at the same rates or in the same way as if such payment had not been delayed. 
(f)
Maturity Date Extension, Redemption Date Extension and Settlement Date Extension 
If "Maturity Date Extension" (in the case of Notes) or "Settlement Date Extension" (in the case of 
Warrants) or "Redemption Date Extension" (in the case of Certificates) is specified as applicable, 
where the Issuer has not received in full the amount it is scheduled to receive in respect of any of the 
Charged Assets relating to the relevant Securities (such assets the "Non-Performing Assets") on or 
prior to the Early Redemption Date or the Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) or the Early 
Termination Date or the Settlement Date (in the case of Warrants), or the Early Redemption Date or 
the Cash Settlement Date or Delivery Date, as the case may be, (in the case of Certificates), as the 
case may be, redemption in full of the Notes or Certificates, or settlement in full of the Warrants, as 
the case may be, will be postponed until a certain date specified in the applicable Final Terms which 
may, depending on the terms of the relevant Securities, be a considerable period of time after the 
date on which the Issuer was due to redeem the Notes or Certificates, or settle the Warrants, as the 
case may be.  There is no guarantee, notwithstanding the postponement of the redemption of the 
Notes or Certificates or settlement of the Warrants, as the case may be, in full, that any further sums 
will be recovered in respect of the Charged Assets and that the Holders of Securities would receive

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 43 - 
any greater amount than if the Notes had been redeemed in full on the Early Redemption Date or the 
Maturity Date or the Warrants had been settled in full on the Early Termination Date or the 
Settlement Date or the Certificates had been redeemed in full on the Early Redemption Date or the 
Redemption Date, as the case may be. In these circumstances, the Holders of Securities may lose all 
or part of their initial investment and/or receive any payment in respect of the Securities later than 
originally scheduled and may not be able to re-invest any amount received at the same rates or in the 
same way as if such payment had not been delayed. 
(g)
Fluctuations in the value of the Reference Securities
The Reference Securities may be subject to fluctuations in value.  Investors should note that the 
Reference Securities may suffer a fall in value between the time at which the security becomes 
enforceable or the relevant Early Redemption Event occurs and the time at which the Reference 
Securities are realised in full.  In extraordinary circumstances, the Reference Securities available at 
the time at which the security becomes enforceable or the Early Redemption Event occurs could 
completely lose their value by the time of the realisation.  In such circumstances the amounts 
available to be paid to Holders of Securities is likely to be significantly reduced or may be equal to 
zero and therefore Holders of Securities could suffer a loss of all or part of their initial investment. 
(h)
Subordination of Reference Securities 
Where the relevant Reference Securities are subordinated obligations, they will be junior to certain 
obligations of the Charged Assets Issuer. As a result, the holders of Reference Securities which are 
subordinated obligations generally face increased risks as compared with the holders of senior 
obligations (including a greater risk of loss and the risk that subordinated obligations of the Charged 
Assets Issuer may have a lower market value than senior obligations of the Charged Assets Issuer).  
In particular, holders of subordinated obligations face an increased risk of loss in the event of the 
Charged Assets Issuer's insolvency.  Where the Issuer acquires Reference Securities which are 
subordinated obligations, Holders of Securities are also exposed to such increased risk of loss. 
(i) 
Reliance on creditworthiness of other parties 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Securities may be dependent on its receipt 
of payments and/or deliveries from the Swap Counterparty under a Swap Agreement or, where 
relevant, receipt of payments and/or deliveries from the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase 
Agreement or the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under the Collateral Exchange Agreement.  
Consequently, the Issuer will rely on the full and timely performance by the Swap Counterparty 
and/or the Repo Counterparty and/or the Collateral Exchange Counterparty in order to pay the 
amounts due to the Holders of the Securities. Failure by one or more of the Swap Counterparty 
and/or the Repo Counterparty and/or the Collateral Exchange Counterparty to perform their 
respective obligations (if any) fully and in a timely manner could lead to an Early Redemption Event 
or Early Termination Event, as the case may be, and increase the likelihood of the Holders of 
Securities suffering a loss. 
There are a number of situations which may arise where the Issuer (and therefore the Holders of 
Securities) will be exposed to the creditworthiness of the Issuer's counterparties including: 
(i) 
where a termination payment is due from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty, in 
particular, where the Replacement Collateral Assets cannot be sold for the same amount as 
a sale of the Reference Securities which have been transferred to the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty (the "Received Collateral") would have realised if such Reference Securities 
had not been transferred to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty or the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty is not obliged to provide any replacement collateral or if an Enforcement 
Event occurs with respect to the Issuer prior to the date on which the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty transfers Equivalent Securities in respect of the Received Collateral;

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 44 - 
(ii) 
where a termination payment is due from the Swap Counterparty, in particular, where the 
Issuer has transferred Reference Securities to the Swap Counterparty and there is a 
mismatch between the value of the Issuer Posted Collateral and the close out value of the 
Swap Agreement or where the Issuer does not acquire Reference Securities or enter into a 
Repurchase Agreement and the Issuer pays all the issue proceeds to the Swap Counterparty 
or where the Issuer pays all the issue proceeds to the Swap Counterparty and there is a 
mismatch between the value of the Swap Counterparty Collateral and the close out value of 
the Swap Agreement; and/or 
(iii) 
where Reference Securities are redeemed in full following the occurrence of a RCA 
Maturity Call Option Event (in the case of Notional Value Repack Securities), or in respect 
of other Securities where there is a delay between the maturity date of the Reference 
Securities and the Maturity Date or the Redemption Date or Settlement Date, as the case 
may be, of the Securities and the Issuer pays all the redemption proceeds from the Reference 
Securities to the Swap Counterparty in which case the ability of the Issuer to make payment 
of amounts due under the Securities will be dependent on the receipt by it of payments from 
the Swap Counterparty. 
Where the Collateral Exchange Counterparty does not return the Received Collateral, or, as 
applicable, is unable to pay the sums due under the Collateral Exchange Agreement in the 
circumstances described above, Holders of Securities may lose all or a substantial part of their 
investment in the Securities.  If the Swap Counterparty is unable to pay the sums due under the Swap 
Agreement in the circumstances described above, Holders of Securities may lose all or a substantial 
part of their investment in the relevant series of Securities. 
(j) 
Risks associated with specific types of products
(i) 
Risks associated with SPS Products: 
(1) 
Risks associated with Reverse Convertible Products 
The return on the Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and whether a knock-in event occurs. As a consequence, investors 
may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
(2) 
Risks associated with Vanilla Products  
The return depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and 
whether knock-in or knock-out features apply. As a consequence, investors may be 
exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
(3) 
Risks associated with Asian Products 
The return on the Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s), which is determined using an averaging method. The return will also 
depend on whether specific features, such as a cap, a floor or lock-in, apply. As a 
consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
(4) 
Risks associated with Auto-callable Products 
The return on the Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and whether knock-in or knock out features apply. Auto-callable 
Products include automatic early redemption mechanisms. Depending on the 
applicable formula, if an automatic early redemption event occurs investors may 
be exposed to a partial loss of their investment. As a consequence, investors may 
be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment.

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 45 - 
(5) 
Risks associated with Indexation Products 
The return on the Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and whether knock-in, knock-out and/or automatic early redemption 
features apply. Depending on the applicable formula, if an automatic early 
redemption event occurs investors may be exposed to a partial loss of their 
investment. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss 
of their investment. 
(6) 
Risks associated with Ratchet Products 
The return on the Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and is calculated based on the sum of returns determined on a given 
formula (which can be capped and/or floored). As a consequence, investors may be 
exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
(7) 
Risks associated with Sum Products 
The return on the Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and is calculated based on the weighted sum of returns determined 
using different payout formulae. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a 
partial or total loss of their investment. 
(8) 
Risks associated with Option Max Products 
The return on the Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and is calculated based on the maximum return determined using 
different payout formulae. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial 
or total loss of their investment. 
(9) 
Risks associated with Stellar Products 
The return on the Securities depends on the performance of a basket of Underlying 
References and is calculated based on the average returns of each Underlying 
Reference in the basket (which can be capped and/or floored). As a consequence, 
investors may be exposed to a partial loss of their investment. 
(10) 
Risks associated with Driver Products 
The return on the Securities depends on the performance of a basket of Underlying 
References. The return is determined by reference to the average return of the 
basket, where the performance of one or more of the best performing Underlying 
Reference(s) is set at a fixed level. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to 
a partial loss of their investment. 
(11) 
Risks associated with Transition Products 
The return on the Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and whether knock-in and/or automatic early redemption features 
apply. Depending on the applicable formula, investors may be exposed to a partial 
or total loss of their investment. 
(ii) 
Risks associated with FI Products: 
(1) 
Risks associated with Vanilla Products

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 46 - 
The return on the Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and whether knock-in or knock-out features apply. As a consequence, 
investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
(2) 
Risks associated with Digital Products 
The return on the Securities is fixed or variable and will be dependent upon the 
performance of the Underlying Reference(s). The return is calculated by reference 
to various mechanisms (including floor or cap conditions and knock-in and/or 
knock-out features). As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or 
total loss of their investment. 
The formulae, relevant variables and other related provisions of these products are more fully 
described in "Annex 1 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts". 
(k)
Currency risk 
An investment in Securities denominated and payable in a foreign currency entails significant risks 
to a Holder of Securities that may not be involved if a similar investment were made in Securities 
denominated and payable in such holder's home currency.  These risks include, without limitation, 
the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between the foreign currency and such 
holder's home currency and generally depend on economic and political events over which the Issuer 
has no control.  In addition, there may also be risks for Holders of Securities where the relevant 
Reference Securities are denominated in a different currency to the relevant series of Securities.  The 
Issuer is likely to be reliant on payments in the currency in which the Securities are denominated 
from the Swap Counterparty in order to make payments in full of amounts due on such Securities.  
If the Swap Agreement is terminated early due to an Event of Default or Early Redemption Event, 
Holders of Securities are likely to be exposed to foreign exchange currency risk as the Issuer may 
no longer receive the relevant amounts from the Swap Counterparty.  Furthermore where the Issuer 
or the Trustee sell Reference Securities in accordance with the Conditions, they will receive amounts 
in the currency in which the relevant Reference Securities are denominated. There could have been 
significant changes in rates of exchange between the currency amounts in which the relevant 
Reference Securities are denominated and the currency in which the Securities are denominated 
which could lead to significantly lower amounts being available for payments to Holders of 
Securities and as a consequence, Holders of Securities may be exposed to a partial or total loss of 
their investment. 
(l) 
Country and regional risk 
The price and value of any Reference Securities may be influenced by the political, financial and 
economic stability of the country and/or region in which an obligor of any Reference Securities is 
incorporated or has its business or of the country of the currency in which any Reference Securities 
are denominated.  Although this risk is likely to be more acute where there is a nexus with an 
emerging market, in certain cases, the price and value of assets originating from countries ordinarily 
not considered to be emerging markets countries may behave in a similar manner to those of assets 
originating from emerging markets countries. The risks which arise relating to an investment in 
emerging markets obligations or in Securities which are secured on emerging markets obligations 
include: 
(i) 
the price of such obligations may be subject to sharp and sudden fluctuations and declines; 
(ii) 
such obligations may be illiquid and therefore difficult to sell; 
(iii) 
published information in or in respect of emerging markets countries and issuers of or 
obligors in respect of emerging markets obligations has been proven on occasions to be 
materially inaccurate;

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 47 - 
(iv) 
in certain cases Holders of Securities may be exposed to the risk of default by a sub-
custodian in an emerging markets country which will mean that the Trustee  may not be 
able to effect the sale of the relevant Reference Securities; and 
(v) 
realisation of Reference Securities comprising emerging markets obligations may be subject 
to restrictions or delays arising under local law. 
The occurrence of such circumstances could lead to a lower amount being realised by the Trustee 
and therefore, Holders of Securities receiving less (and, potentially, significantly less) than 
anticipated. 
(m)
Cost of borrowing 
Holders of Securities that are "short" (or "put") Securities should note that the price of such Securities 
may include a premium charged to Holders of Securities which reflects the cost to the Issuer or its 
affiliates of borrowing the Underlying Reference(s). Holders of Securities will not receive a refund 
of this premium if an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs or upon the exercise of an Issuer 
Call Option or a Noteholder Put Option or Certificateholder Put Option, as the case may be, and 
consequently may significantly reduce the return a Holder of Securities stands to receive on its 
investment. 
(n)
Minimum trading amount may affect a holder's ability to transfer their Securities
If the Securities have a minimum trading amount, a Holder of Securities will not be permitted to 
transfer its Securities prior to redemption without purchasing enough additional Securities to hold 
the minimum trading amount.  The Holder of Securities may not be able to purchase additional 
Securities, in which case they will have to wait until redemption of the Securities to realise any value. 
If they are able to purchase additional Securities, this may be at a price higher than their original 
investment and is likely to adversely affect the overall return they achieve on their investment.
(o)
Risks associated with Securities traded in integral multiples that are different to the minimum 
Specified Denomination 
Where the Securities are Notes, if the Securities are traded in denominations consisting of a 
minimum Specified Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller 
amount, such Securities may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  If at any 
time Holder of Securities holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
they would not be able to sell or transfer the remainder of such holding or exchange the remainder 
of such holding for a definitive Security without first purchasing a principal amount of Securities at 
or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination.  In these circumstances, there is a risk that 
the price to purchase additional Securities may be greater than the original price paid by the investor 
and/or such Securities may be illiquid and difficult to trade meaning that Holders of Securities may 
be required to retain their investment until redemption. 
(p)
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
Where an indicative range is specified in the Final Terms at the start of an offer period in respect of 
the issue price, Gearing, Gearing Up, Bonus Coupon, Up Cap Percentage, any Constant Percentage, 
barrier value or level, Floor Percentage, Knock-in Level and/or Knock-out Level, prospective 
purchasers of Securities should be aware that the actual price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, 
selected from within the indicative range specified for Gearing, Gearing Up, Bonus Coupon, Up Cap 
Percentage, any Constant Percentage, barrier value or level, Floor Percentage, Knock-in Level 
and/or Knock-out Level, as applicable, in respect of any Securities may have a negative impact on 
the interest payable and/or final return on the Securities when compared with another price, rate, 
level or percentage, as applicable, within the indicative range.

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 48 - 
(q)
Gap Risk  
The relevant level, value or price of one or more Underlying Reference(s) may change suddenly and 
significantly during the trading day or at the opening of the market. Such change may be positive or 
negative and is known as the "Gap Risk".  If the price of the Securities includes a premium, this 
will be calculated to take account of the cost to the Swap Counterparty or its affiliates of unwinding 
its hedging positions in relation to the Securities  on early redemption of the Securities.  Holders of 
Securities will not receive a refund of this premium if an Automatic Early Redemption Event or an 
Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, or upon exercise of an Issuer Call Option or a Holder Put 
Option, which could significantly reduce the return a Holder of Securities stands to receive on its 
investment. 
(r)
Limited exposure to Underlying Reference(s)  
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the exposure of the relevant Securities to one or more 
Underlying References is limited or capped at a certain level or amount, the relevant Securities will 
not benefit from any upside in the value of any such Underlying Reference(s) beyond such limit or 
cap. In this case, Holders of Securities will not receive as much from their investment as they would 
have done if they had invested directly in the Underlying Reference(s) or in alternative Securities 
without such features. The likelihood of this occurring is dependent on the likelihood of the 
Underlying Reference(s) performing such that the limit or cap affects the Securities.
(s)
Securities subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer, other early redemption (including 
Automatic Early Redemption or Automatic Early Settlement) and consequences of early redemption  
An optional or other early redemption feature (including an Automatic Early Redemption or 
Automatic Early Settlement (in the case of Warrants) feature) is likely to limit the market value of 
the Securities.  In the case of Securities with an optional redemption feature, during any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem the relevant Securities, the market value of those Securities generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This may also be true 
prior to any redemption period.  In addition, the Final Terms may provide that the relevant Securities 
will be redeemed early in specified circumstances, such as the occurrence of an Additional 
Disruption Event, an Optional Additional Disruption Event and/or an Early Redemption Event.  
Following an optional or other early redemption (including an Automatic Early Redemption or 
Automatic Early Settlement), a Holder of Securities generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds (if any) at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant 
Securities being redeemed, and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate.  As a 
consequence the Holder of Securities may lose some or all of their investment.  Investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  In addition, in the 
case of Securities with an Automatic Early Redemption feature, the value of the Securities and the 
amount that Holders of Securities receive upon an Automatic Early Redemption or Automatic Early 
Settlement may not correlate with the value of the Underlying Reference, which may trigger such 
Automatic Early Redemption or Automatic Early Settlement and Holders of Securities could receive 
a significantly lower return than expected in relation to the change in value of the Underlying 
Reference. 
(t)
If the rate of interest or premium amount rate payable on the Securities or the amount payable or 
deliverable on redemption of the Securities changes during the life of the Securities, Holders of 
Securities may receive less than expected 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer exercises its Coupon Switch Election or 
Payout Switch Election or if an Automatic Coupon Switch Event or Automatic Payout Switch Event 
occurs, the coupon or redemption payout, as the case may be, on such Securities will change during 
the life of the Securities and investors may receive a return which differs from, and may be

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 49 - 
significantly less than, that which they expected to receive as of the Issue Date or they may receive 
no return. 
(u)
The terms of the Securities may in certain circumstances be changed during the life of the Securities, 
in which case Holders may receive a lower return than expected  
If Autoroll is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Autoroll Event occurs, the 
terms of the Securities (including, (a) (if Autoroll Standard is specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Final Payout, Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event (as the case may be), Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, Strike Date, the Coupon Payout and/or Maturity Date, or (b) (if Autoroll Lock 
or Autoroll Shift are specified in the applicable Final Terms) any level specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in respect of the Final Payout, the Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event, the Automatic 
Early Redemption Event and/or the Coupon Payout) will be amended to the relevant terms specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. If the terms of the Securities are amended during the life of the 
Securities investors may receive a return which differs from, and may be significantly less than, that 
which they expected to receive or they may receive no return. 
(v) 
Risks associated with Open End Securities
Open End Notes and Open End Certificates (together, "Open End Securities") do not have a pre-
determined maturity and may be redeemed on a date determined by the Issuer in accordance with 
the applicable Terms and Conditions. Investment in Open End Securities will entail additional risks 
compared with other Securities, due to the fact that they do not have a prescribed tenor and Holders 
of Securities may receive a lower return than expected and depending on when the Open End 
Securities are redeemed. Open End Notes will be subject to the provisions set out in Condition 7(z) 
of the Notes and Open End Certificates will be subject to the provisions set out in Condition 8(y) of 
the Certificates. 
(x)
No gross-up upon the application of withholding tax 
The Securities will not have the benefit of a gross-up provision in respect of withholding taxes. 
Neither the Issuer nor, as applicable, the Guarantor, is obliged to gross-up any payments in respect 
of the Securities and shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or 
other payment which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation and surrender for 
payment, or enforcement of any Security and all payments made by the Issuer or, as applicable, the 
Guarantor shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other payment which may be 
required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted.  Holders of Securities therefore will bear the risk 
of the imposition of any deduction or withholding with respect to payments made under the 
Securities.  
(y) 
Risk of leveraged exposure  
Securities including a leverage feature magnify gains and losses. If the Underlying Reference moves 
against expectations, Holders of Securities risk losing a greater proportion of their investment than 
if they had invested in a Security that is not leveraged. 
(z) 
Limitations on Exercise
Where the Securities are Warrants, if so indicated in the Final Terms, the Issuer will have the option 
to limit the number of Warrants exercisable on any date (other than the final exercise date) to the 
maximum number specified in the Final Terms and, in conjunction with such limitation, to limit the 
number of Warrants exercisable by any person or group of persons (whether or not acting in concert) 
on such date.  In the event that the total number of Warrants being exercised on any date (other than 
the final exercise date) exceeds such maximum number and the Issuer elects to limit the number of 
Warrants exercisable on such date, a Warrantholder may not be able to exercise on such date all the

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 50 - 
Warrants that such holder desires to exercise delaying the point at which a Warrantholder may realise 
a return on the Warrants. 
(aa) 
Minimum Exercise Amount of Warrants
Where the Securities are Warrants, if so indicated in the Final Terms, a Warrantholder  must tender 
or, in the case of automatic exercise, hold, a specified number of Warrants at any one time in order 
to exercise.  Thus, Warrantholders with fewer than the specified minimum number of Warrants will 
either have to sell their Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, incurring transaction costs in each 
case, in order to realise their investment.  Furthermore, holders of such Warrants incur the risk that 
there may be differences between the trading price of such Warrants and the Cash Settlement 
Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) or the value of the Entitlement (in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants) of such Warrants. 
(bb) 
Time Lag after Exercise of Warrants 
Where the Securities are Warrants, delivery of an Exercise Notice by a Warrantholder will constitute 
an irrevocable election to exercise the relevant Warrants. After the delivery of an Exercise Notice, 
such Warrantholder will not be able to transfer the Warrants that have been exercised.  There will 
be a time lag between the time a Warrantholder gives instructions to exercise and the time the 
applicable Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) relating to such exercise 
is determined.  Such delay could be significantly longer, particularly in the case of a delay in the 
exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum exercise limitation, the occurrence of a Market 
Disruption Event or the failure to open of an exchange (if applicable) or following the imposition of 
any exchange controls or other similar regulations affecting the ability to obtain or exchange any 
relevant currency (or basket of currencies) in the case of Currency Linked Securities.  The applicable 
Cash Settlement Amount may change significantly during any such period, and such movement or 
movements could decrease the Cash Settlement Amount of the relevant Warrants, and may result in 
such Cash Settlement Amount being zero. 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET
(a)
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Securities  
The trading price of the Securities may be affected by a number of factors including, but not limited 
to, the relevant price, value or level of the Underlying Reference(s) and the Reference Securities 
(where applicable), the time remaining until the scheduled redemption date of the Securities, the 
actual or implied volatility associated with the Underlying Reference(s) and/or the Reference 
Securities and the correlation risk of the relevant Underlying Reference(s).  
The possibility that the value and trading price of the Securities will fluctuate (either positively or 
negatively) depends on a number of factors, which investors should consider carefully before 
purchasing or selling Securities, including:  
(i) 
the trading price of the Securities; 
(ii) 
depending on the applicable payout or coupon or premium amount rates (if applicable), 
movements in the value and/or volatility of the Underlying Reference or the Reference 
Securities may cause the value of the Securities to either rise or fall; 
(iii) 
depending on the applicable payout or coupon or premium amount rates (if applicable), the 
value of the Securities may fluctuate as the time remaining until the scheduled redemption 
date decreases; 
(iv) 
in the case of Cash Settled Notes or Certificates or Warrants the probable range of Final 
Redemption Amounts or Cash Settlement Amounts, as the case may be;

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 51 - 
(v) 
depending on the applicable payout or coupon or premium amount rates (if applicable), 
movements in interest rates and/or dividends (if applicable) may cause the theoretical value 
of the Securities to either rise or fall;  
(vi) 
any change(s) in currency exchange rates;   
(vii) 
the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying Reference or the Reference Securities 
(where applicable) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(viii) 
any related transaction costs. 
Such factors may mean that the trading price of the Securities is below the Final Redemption Amount 
(in the case of Notes) or Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Certificates or Warrants) or the 
value of the Entitlement, as applicable and accordingly, Holders of Securities may receive an amount 
or an asset with a value significantly lower than the amount that they invested to purchase the 
Securities.  The exposure to the Underlying Reference in many cases will be achieved by the Issuer 
entering into swap agreements (with BNP Paribas or BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV) and/or deposit 
agreements and/or repurchase agreements. Holders of Securities should be aware that, under the 
terms of Underlying Reference Linked Securities, they are exposed to the performance of these 
agreements and that certain events may affect these agreements and consequently the occurrence of 
any of these events may affect the value of the Securities.  
(b) 
A Security's purchase price may not reflect its inherent value
Prospective investors in the Securities should be aware that the purchase price of a Security does not 
necessarily reflect its inherent value.  Any difference between a Security's purchase price and its 
inherent value may be due to a number of different factors including, without limitation, prevailing 
market conditions and fees, discounts or commissions paid or accorded to the various parties 
involved in structuring and/or distributing the Security.  Any such difference in value could 
negatively affect the return an investor may receive. For further information prospective investors 
should refer to the party from whom they are purchasing the Securities.  Prospective investors may 
also wish to seek an independent valuation of Securities prior to their purchase. 
(c) 
Possible illiquidity of the Securities in the secondary market
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Securities at any price in the open market 
or by tender or private offer/treaty.  Any Dealer may also be a market-maker for an issue of Securities 
but,  it is not obliged to and may cease to do so at any time.  Even if a Dealer is a market-maker for 
an issue of Securities, the secondary market for such Securities may be limited.  During certain 
periods, it may be difficult, impractical or impossible for the Dealer to quote bid and offer prices, 
and during such periods, it may be difficult, impracticable or impossible to buy or sell these 
Securities. Adverse market conditions, volatile prices or large price fluctuations, a large marketplace 
being closed or restricted or experiencing technical problems such as an IT system failure or network 
disruption could affect the Dealer's ability to maintain a secondary market. 
The only means through which a Holder of Securities can realise value from their Securities prior to 
its Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) or Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) or its 
Settlement Date (in the case of Warrants) is to sell them at the market price in an available secondary 
market, which may be a lower price than a Holder of Securities' original investment.  If there is no 
or a limited secondary market for the Securities and the Holder of Securities is unable to sell its 
Securities they will have to wait until redemption of the Securities to realise any value. 
The Securities may be subject to certain transfer restrictions and Securities sold to U.S. persons will 
be subject to transfer restrictions, which will also limit a Holder of Securities ability to sell their 
Securities prior to redemption.

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 52 - 
(d) 
Effect of credit rating reduction
The value of the Securities is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and, if applicable, the Swap Counterparty and/or the Guarantor.  Such 
perceptions are generally influenced by the ratings attributed to the outstanding securities of the 
Swap Counterparty or the Guarantor by standard statistical rating services, such as S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited,  Moody's France SAS and Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd.  A reduction in the rating, if any, attributed to outstanding debt securities of the 
Guarantor (where the Securities are guaranteed) or the Swap Counterparty by one of these rating 
agencies could result in a reduction in the trading value of the Securities. 
(e) 
Risks associated with Securities with a nexus to emerging markets 
Where the value and return an investor can expect to receive in respect of the Securities depends on 
the performance of one or more Underlying References issued by issuers located in, or subject to 
regulation in, emerging or developing countries, denominated in the currency of, or are traded in, 
emerging or developing countries or where the Securities are denominated in currencies of emerging 
or developing countries, Holders of Securities are exposed to greater risks associated with political 
and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental policies, restrictions on foreign investment and 
currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, possible lower levels of disclosure and 
regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application of laws including, but not 
limited to, those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation.  Holders of Securities 
with such a nexus to emerging or developing countries are exposed to the risk that such Securities 
may be less liquid and the prices of such Securities more volatile, thus increasing the risk that such 
Holders of Securities may experience a loss on their investment.  In addition, settlement of trades in 
such markets may be slower and more likely to be subject to failure than in markets in developed 
countries. 
Investors in such Securities should also be aware that the probability of the occurrence of a Hedging 
Disruption Event (or other Adjustment Event under the relevant terms of the Securities as set out 
further in the Conditions) and consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor may be higher 
for certain developing or emerging markets.   
(f) 
Exchange control risks
There is a risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Settlement Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and/or the currency in which the Underlying Reference is denominated, 
such as government and monetary authorities, may impose or modify (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability to transfer 
of funds in and out of the relevant country. Such exchange controls, if imposed would have a 
negative impact on the amount a Holder of Securities is able to realise from Securities denominated 
in an affected Settlement Currency or referencing an affected Underlying Reference. 
The imposition of exchange controls in respect of a Relevant Currency could significantly increase 
the risk of an FX Settlement Disruption Event occurring. If an FX Settlement Disruption Event 
occurs payments of principal and/or interest (if applicable) may (i) occur at a different time than 
expected and that no additional amount of interest or premium amount will be payable in respect of 
any delay in payment of principal and/or interest or premium amount and (ii) be made in USD. The 
occurrence of an FX Settlement Disruption Event could have a significant adverse impact on the 
amount a Holder of Securities receives in respect of the Securities and may mean that the Holder of 
Securities is unable to receive payment in the desired currency. If the Holder of Securities receives 
payment in USD, it may not be able to exchange the amount received into the relevant Settlement 
Currency or it may only be able to do so at an exchange rate that significantly adversely impacts the 
amount the Holder of Securities ultimately receives in the Settlement Currency.

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 53 - 
(g)
Risks associated with Dual Currency Securities 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal (see Condition 7(t) (Dual Currency Redemption Notes) 
of the Notes) and/or interest (see Condition 5(n) (Dual Currency Interest Notes)) of the Notes) 
payable in a currency which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated 
("Dual Currency Notes").  The risks associated with Dual Currency Notes are similar to those 
associated with Currency Securities (described in "Additional risks associated with Currency Linked 
Securities" below) and the risks associated with the Settlement Currency (described in "Exchange 
control risks" above). In addition, investors will not benefit from favourable changes in exchange 
rates during the term of the Dual Currency Notes where a pre-determined rate of exchange is 
applicable and a consequence the market price of such Notes may be volatile.  
The Issuer may also issue Certificates where the Cash Settlement Amount and/or Interest Amount 
and/or Premium Amount may be payable in either the Base Currency or the Subject Currency 
depending on the performance of a specified exchange rate ("Dual Currency Certificates"). The 
Settlement Currency will be determined based upon how the rate of exchange to convert one unit of 
the Base Currency into the Subject Currency on the relevant Dual Currency Determination Date 
performs compared to the initial exchange rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The risks 
associated with Dual Currency Certificates are similar to those associated with Currency Securities 
(described in "Additional risks associated with Currency Linked Securities" below) and the risks 
associated with the Settlement Currency (described in "Exchange control risks" above). In addition, 
investors will not benefit from favourable changes in exchange rates during the term of the Dual 
Currency Certificates where only the rate of exchange on the relevant Dual Currency Determination 
Date affects the Settlement Currency and as a consequence the market price of such Certificates may 
be volatile.  
(h)
Risks associated with Securities denominated in Renminbi  
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the People’s Republic 
of China (the "PRC") continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign currencies, 
including the Hong Kong dollar, although control by the PRC government over routine foreign 
exchange transactions under current accounts has decreased over the years.  
Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items is 
generally only permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations 
or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to strict monitoring 
system.  Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital 
account items are being developed gradually and will be subject to interpretation and application by 
the relevant authorities in the PRC. 
From 1 October 2016 Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the 
International Monetary Fund; however, the PRC government may not continue to gradually 
liberalise the control over cross-border Renminbi remittances in the future or that new PRC 
regulations will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating 
the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. Such restrictions may negatively affect the 
liquidity and value of Securities denominated in Renminbi.  Furthermore, if any new PRC 
regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the 
case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as capital account 
items, then such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions 
set out in such rules.  
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited. Currently, financial institutions in a number 
of financial centres and cities (each a "RMB Clearing Bank") have entered into settlement

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 54 - 
agreements (the "Settlement Agreements") with the People's Bank of China ("PBOC") to act as 
the RMB clearing bank.  
However, the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBOC 
and the relevant RMB Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from PBOC to 
square open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions, including open 
positions resulting from conversion services for corporations relating to cross-border trade 
settlement. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to square for participating banks any 
open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion services and the 
participating banks will need to source Renminbi from the offshore market to square such open 
positions.  
The offshore Renminbi market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations 
on foreign exchange. New PRC regulations may be promulgated or the Settlement Agreement may 
be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of further restricting availability 
of Renminbi offshore. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity 
of the Securities. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to 
service its Securities, the Issuer may not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at 
all. If Renminbi is not available, in certain circumstances as described in the Conditions applicable 
to the Securities, the Issuer can make payments under the Securities in the Equivalent Amount 
Settlement Currency, which may negatively affect the amount the Holder of Securities receives in 
respect of Securities denominated in Renminbi. 
(i) 
Compounding of Risks
A number of the risks described above under the heading "Risks Relating to the Nature of Securities" 
and in this section entitled "Risks Relating to the Market" may be relevant to a specific Series of 
Securities, depending on the terms of those Securities.  The effect of this compounding of risks is 
likely to increase the volatility of the Securities and increase the possibility that a Holder of Securities 
loses some or all of their investment or does not receive the anticipated rate of return. 
4. 
LEGAL RISKS
(a) 
Meetings of Holders  
The Conditions of the Securities contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a video conference platform) of Holders of Securities to consider matters 
affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Holders of 
Securities, including Holders of Securities who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, 
Holders of Securities who did not consent to the Written Resolutions and Holders of Securities who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority.   While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the 
Conditions will need to be amended during the term of the Securities by a meeting of the Holders of 
Securities, if a decision is adopted by a majority of Holders of Securities and such modifications 
impair or limit the rights of Holders of Securities, this may negatively affect the market value of the 
Securities, although the probability of such a decision being taken by Holders of Securities is 
considered to be low.  
(b)
Potential Conflicts of Interest  
BNP Paribas and BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. and/or any of 
their respective Affiliates  or agents may engage in activities or arrangements in a range of capacities 
that may result in conflicts of interest between their own financial interests and those of any Holders, 
for example, by: 
(i) 
engaging in trading activities (including hedging activities) relating to the Underlying 
Reference or Reference Entity or Reference Securities or Charged Assets Issuer and other

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 55 - 
instruments or derivative products based on or relating to the Underlying Reference or 
Reference Entity  or Reference Securities or Charged Assets Issuer of any Securities for 
their proprietary accounts or for other accounts under their management;  
(ii) 
underwriting future offerings of shares or other securities relating to an issue of Securities 
or acting as financial adviser or in a commercial banking capacity to certain companies or 
companies whose shares or other securities are included in a basket in respect of a Series of 
Securities; 
(iii) 
acting in a number of different capacities in relation to an underlying Index (including a 
Custom Index), including, but not limited to, as issuer of the constituents of the Index (or 
Custom Index, as the case may be), index sponsor or calculation agent;  
(iv) 
engaging in business, such as investing in, extending loans to, providing advisory services 
to, entering into financing or derivative transactions with a company that has issued shares 
or a debt instrument, a fund that has issued fund shares or units, an exchange traded 
instrument comprising the relevant Underlying Reference or a Reference Entity; 
(v) 
receiving a fee for performing any services or entering into any transactions described 
above; 
(vi) 
publishing research reports relating to any Underlying Reference or Reference Entity, which 
express views that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Securities; 
(vii) 
making determinations regarding the occurrence of various events in respect of the 
Securities and the applicable consequences in its role as Calculation Agent of the Securities. 
Any of the conflicts of interest described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
the Securities and the return a Holder of the Securities can expect to receive on their Securities, as 
none of BNP Paribas and BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. and/or any of their respective Affiliates or 
agents and/or any of their respective Affiliates or agents, acting in any capacity, is required to have 
regard to the interests of the Holders of the Securities. Investors should also refer to the description 
of the role of the Calculation Agent in the "Investment Considerations" section below. 
In addition, BNPP and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA ("BP2S") are implementing an 
intragroup reorganisation pursuant to which BNPP, as the "absorbing entity", will merge with BP2S, 
as the "absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger regime (fusion simplifiée), which is 
governed by Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, BP2S acts as Account Bank, Custodian, Issuing and Paying 
Agent (in respect of Notes issued under the Programme) and Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent 
(in respect of Warrants and Certificates issued under the Programme). As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the intragroup merger is due to take place on 1 October 2022, subject to ongoing 
consultation with local work councils in some countries. BP2S is currently a distinct legal entity 
within the BNP Paribas Group, although it is wholly owned by BNPP. The intragroup merger will 
see this distinct legal entity cease to exist and the business of BP2S will instead be provided via 
BNPP. Following the intragroup merger, BNPP will become Account Bank, Custodian, Issuing and 
Paying Agent (in respect of Notes issued under the Programme) and Principal Warrant and 
Certificate Agent (in respect of Warrants and Certificates issued under the Programme).  As a result, 
potential conflicts of interest may arise between these roles. Such potential conflicts of interests are 
mitigated using different management teams and information barriers within BNPP, but the 
possibility of conflicts of interest arising cannot be completely eliminated.

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 56 - 
(c) 
Change of law  
The Conditions of the Securities are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  The possible impact of any judicial decision or change to an administrative practice or 
change to English law after the date of this Base Prospectus is unknown and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Securities affected by it.  
(d)
Redemption or Cancellation of Securities (as applicable) in the event of illegality or impracticability  
If the Calculation Agent determines that the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Securities has become illegal, impossible or impracticable in whole or in part for any reason, the 
Issuer may redeem the Securities early by paying to each Holder of Securities the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of such Securities. Such redemption may result in an investor losing some or all 
of their investment in the Securities.
(e) 
The implementation of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive could materially affect the 
Securities and their Holders 
Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") provides 
for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms. The BRRD has been implemented in France and Belgium by several 
legislative texts to provide relevant resolution authorities with, among other powers, a credible set 
of tools (the "BRRD Resolution Tools") to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound 
or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of that institution's critical financial and economic 
functions, while minimising the impact of its potential failure on the economy and financial system. 
Following a review of BRRD, Directive no. 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD 
2") was adopted. 
BRRD 2 was transposed into French law by Ordinance n°2020-1636 of 20 December 2020 relating 
to the resolution regime in the banking sector and Decree n°2020-1703 of 24 December 2020 relating 
to the resolution regime in the banking sector and took effect from 28 December 2020. 
In respect of Securities where BNPP is the Charged Assets Issuer or the Guarantor or BNP Paribas 
Fortis is the Charged Assets Issuer, if BNPP or BNP Paribas Fortis, as the case may be, is determined 
to be failing or likely to fail within the meaning of, and under the conditions set by the BRRD, and 
the relevant resolution authority applies any, or a combination, of the BRRD Resolution Tools 
(including, a sale of the business, the creation of a bridge institution, asset separation or bail-in), any 
shortfall from the sale of BNPP’s assets or BNP Paribas Fortis's assets, as the case may be, may lead 
to a partial reduction in the outstanding amounts of certain claims of unsecured creditors of that 
entity (including, as the case may be, the Reference Securities or the Guarantee), or, in a worst case 
scenario, a reduction to zero. The unsecured debt claims of BNPP (including, as the case may be, 
the Reference Securities or the Guarantee) or of BNP Paribas Fortis (including the Reference 
Securities) might also be converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in accordance 
with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings, which equity or other instruments 
could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution (such reduction or cancellation 
being first on common equity tier one instruments, thereafter the reduction, cancellation or 
conversion being on additional tier one instruments, then tier two instruments and other subordinated 
debts, then other eligible liabilities). The relevant resolution authority may also seek to amend the 
terms (such as varying the date for redemption) of any outstanding unsecured debt securities 
(including, as the case may be, the Reference Securities or the Guarantee).

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 57 - 
Public financial support to resolve the Charged Assets Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) 
where there is a risk of failure will only be used as a last resort, after having assessed and applied 
the resolution tools above, including the bail-in tool, to the maximum extent possible whilst 
maintaining financial stability.  
The exercise of any power under the BRRD by the relevant resolution authority or any suggestion 
that such powers may be exercised could materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders of 
Securities, the price or value of their investment in the Securities and/or the ability of the Charged 
Assets Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to satisfy its obligations under the Reference 
Securities or the Guarantee, respectively. As a result, Holders of Securities could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment in the Securities. 
The Issuer is not within scope of the BRRD because it is not a bank or investment firm or an affiliate 
of such. However, the exercise of any resolution power by a resolution authority vis-à-vis BNPP or, 
where BNP Paribas Fortis is Swap Counterparty or the issuer of the Reference Securities, including 
exercise of the bail-in tool, or any suggestion of any such exercise, could: 
(i) 
materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders of the Securities, the price or value of 
their investment in the Securities; and/or 
(ii) 
result in the cancellation or deferral of all, or a portion, of any close-out amount owed to the 
Issuer by BNPP or BNP Paribas Fortis, as the case may be, under the Swap Agreement or 
BNPP under any Repurchase Agreement or Collateral Exchange Agreement entered into in 
connection with the Securities; and/or 
(iii) 
result in the cancellation or deferral of all, or a portion, of certain debt instruments which 
may be held by the Issuer as Reference Securities; and/or 
(iv) 
any applicable suspension power might prevent the Issuer from exercising any termination 
right under the Swap Agreement and/or any Repurchase Agreement or Collateral Exchange 
Agreement; 
(v) 
any applicable close out power might be exercised to enforce a termination of the Swap 
Agreement, the Repo Agreement and/or the Collateral Exchange Agreement and to value 
the transactions in respect of such agreements (which value may be different to the value 
that would have been determined by the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, the Repo 
Counterparty or the Collateral Exchange Counterparty (as the case may be)); and/or 
(vi) 
impair the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Securities. 
The occurrence of any one or more of the above circumstances could lead to Holders of the Securities 
losing some or all of the value of their investment in such Securities. 
(f) 
French Insolvency Law  
BNPP is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that BNPP becomes 
insolvent, insolvency proceedings will generally be governed by the insolvency laws of France to 
the extent that, where applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 
2015/848, as amended) of BNPP is located in France. 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into 
French law by Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such ordonnance, which has 
applied since 1 October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of 
adopting restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to this ordonnance, "affected

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 58 - 
parties" (including in particular creditors, and therefore the Holders of Securities) shall be treated in 
separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a 
restructuring plan. Classes will be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests 
with rights that reflect a sufficient common interest based on verifiable criteria. Holders of Securities 
will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that 
they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, Holders of Securities 
will be treated in the same way as other affected parties and will be grouped into one or more classes 
(potentially including other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may be overridden by a 
cross-class cram down. 
Neither the scope of Directive (EU) 2019/1023 nor the scope of the ordonnance cover financial 
institutions, unless the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. As a consequence, the 
application of French insolvency law to a credit institution, such as BNPP is also subject to the prior 
permission of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution before the opening of any 
safeguard, judicial reorganisation or liquidation procedures. This limitation will affect the ability of 
the Holders of Securities to recover their investments in the Securities. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against BNPP would have a material adverse effect 
on the market value of Securities guaranteed by BNPP or where the Charged Assets Issuer is BNPP. 
As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties could negatively and 
significantly impact the Holders of Securities and could result in a loss of some or all of their 
investment, should they not be able to recover some or all of the amounts due to them from BNPP 
where the Securities are guaranteed by BNPP or should the Issuer not be able to recover some or all 
of the amounts due to it from BNPP where BNPP is the Charged Assets Issuer. 
(g) 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Securities linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
A number of major interest rates (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR")), other 
rates, indices and other published values or benchmarks are the subject of recent national, 
international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on Securities linked to any such value or benchmark. 
The Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation") is a key element of ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and has applied, subject to 
certain transitional provisions, since 1 January 2018. In addition to so-called "critical benchmark" 
indices, such as EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and indices, including 
equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable 
under, or the value of, certain financial instruments (including securities listed on an EU or UK 
regulated market, EU multilateral trading facility ("MTF"), EU organised trading facility ("OTF") 
or via a systematic internaliser). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") is the 
relevant regulatory regime applicable to, among other things, the provision of benchmarks and the 
use of a benchmark in the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered as such 
and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark administration. It also prohibits 
certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 59 - 
not authorised or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation and (b) benchmarks 
provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime has not been 
determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised in 
accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, or (iii) the benchmark has not been endorsed in 
accordance with the Benchmark Regulation. Similarly, the UK Benchmarks Regulation prohibits 
the use of in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not 
authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if 
not based in the UK, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have 
a material adverse impact on any Securities for which a request for admission to trading on a trading 
venue has been made, or which are traded on a trading venue or via a "systematic internaliser" linked 
to, referencing or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a "benchmark" for the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, purposes. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to any benchmark may result in: 

the level of the published rate or the level of the "benchmark" or the volatility of the 
published rate or level being adversely affected; 

an increase in the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with such regulations or requirements; 

the "benchmark" (including certain currencies or tenors of benchmarks) being discontinued 
or otherwise unavailable, which may result in the rate of interest in respect of the Securities 
(if any) being determined based on any applicable fallback provisions; 

the methodology or other terms of the benchmark being changed in order to comply with 
regulatory requirements;  

the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as further described under "Risks 
associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" below); or 

have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Securities and/or could lead to the Securities being de-listed, adjusted, redeemed early following the 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, subject to discretionary valuation or adjustment 
by the Calculation Agent or otherwise impacted depending on the particular "benchmark" and the 
applicable terms of the Securities. This could also negatively affect the liquidity of the Securities 
and a Holder of Securities' ability to sell their Securities in the secondary market. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal 
with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power 
to designate a statutory replacement for said benchmarks on the European Commission or the 
relevant national authority in certain circumstances, such replacement being limited to contracts and 
financial instruments (such as certain Securities) which contain no fallback provision or no suitable 
fallback provisions and where certain trigger events relating to non-representativeness or cessation 
or wind down of the benchmark are met. In general, parties can opt out of the statutory replacement 
where all parties, or the required majority of parties, to a contract or financial instrument have agreed 
to apply a different replacement for a benchmark before or after entry into force of the implementing 
act. A statutory replacement benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, 
and return on, certain Securities linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 60 - 
intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable benchmark. 
In addition Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated 
regulations and the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until 
the end of 2023 (and the European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the 
end of 2025, if necessary). There are therefore still details to be clarified in relation to the potential 
impact of these legislative developments. Accordingly, there may be a risk that a statutory 
replacement benchmark may designated if, for instance, a replacement benchmark determined in 
accordance with the fallback provisions is deemed unsuitable as its application no longer reflects or 
significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in 
cessation is intended to measure (and where certain other conditions are satisfied, including one of 
the parties objecting to the contractually agreed fallback). 
(h)
Risks associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event
If specified as an Optional Additional Disruption Event in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence 
of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as more fully described in the "Investment Considerations" 
section below) may lead to redemption, cancellation or adjustment of the Securities. Any such 
adjustment or redemption or cancellation of the Securities following the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such 
Securities and accordingly the amount Holders of Securities can expect to receive on their 
investment. 
(i)
The implementation of SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes could adversely affect 
Holders of Securities 
Under the fallback provisions applicable to Securities that pay a floating rate of interest by reference 
to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") (whether a compounded rate or the SOFR 
Index), if a particular SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment cannot be determined, 
then the next-available SOFR Replacement or SOFR Replacement Adjustment will apply. These 
replacement rates and adjustments may be selected or formulated by (i) the Relevant Governmental 
Body, (ii) ISDA or (iii) in certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent and/or the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent.  
In addition, the fallback provisions permit the Replacement Rate Determination Agent to make 
certain changes with respect to, among other things, the timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments of interest. The application of a SOFR Replacement and SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment and any implementation of SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes could reduce the 
amount of interest payable in respect of an interest period, which could adversely affect the return 
on, value of and market for the Securities. Furthermore, the characteristics of any SOFR 
Replacement may not be similar to the then-current SOFR benchmark that it is replacing and/or  any 
SOFR Replacement may not produce the economic equivalent of the then-current SOFR benchmark 
that it is replacing. 
(j)
The discontinuation of Interbank Offered Rates may adversely affect the value of the Securities 
Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc and Japanese Yen London Interbank Offered Rates ("LIBOR"), across 
all tenors, and U.S. dollar LIBOR 1 week and 2 month tenors, either  ceased to exist entirely, or 
became non-representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such rates were 
intended to measure, immediately after 31 December 2021 and U.S. dollar LIBOR overnight, 1, 3, 
6 and 12 month tenors will either cease to exist entirely, or will become non-representative 
immediately after 30 June 2023.  The future of EURIBOR is also uncertain.  Amongst other 
developments, new issuances of products referencing LIBOR are no longer permitted (except in very 
limited circumstances) and relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 61 - 
Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORs"), such as EURIBOR. A number of "risk free rates" have been 
identified to take the place of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling 
LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") as the primary Sterling interest 
rate benchmark, (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR") as the new euro 
risk free rate,  (iii) for USD LIBOR, SOFR as the primary U.S. dollar interest rate benchmark (iv) 
for CHF LIBOR, the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") as the primary Swiss Franc 
interest rate benchmark and (v) for JPY LIBOR, the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate ("TONA") as 
a Japanese Yen interest rate benchmark. The risk free rates have a different methodology and other 
important differences from the IBORs they have replaced and a limited historical track record and 
may be subject to changes in their methodology.   Uncertainties in the development of these risk free 
rates could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities linked to any such 
rates. 
The reforms and eventual replacement of EURIBOR with €STR may cause EURIBOR to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted.   
Investors in Securities referencing EURIBOR as an Underlying Interest Rate or STIBOR or 
EURIBOR as a floating rate of interest face the risk that such rate will be discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable during the term of their Securities, in which case the rate of interest on the Securities 
will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to the Securities. 
Depending on the manner in which EURIBOR or STIBOR is to be determined under the Terms and 
Conditions, this may in certain circumstances result in (i) the application of a backward looking, risk 
free overnight rate, whereas EURIBOR or STIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward looking 
term and includes a risk element based on inter bank lending, (ii) result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR or STIBOR 
was available, or (iii) be determined by reference to an alternative rate selected by an institution with 
authority consistent with industry accepted standards or, in the absence of such alternative rate, by 
a third party agent appointed by the Calculation Agent. As the replacement rate will not be identical 
to the original rate (and may not be comparable), any of the foregoing circumstances could have a 
significant adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the Securities. In addition, any 
Holders of such Securities that enter into hedging instruments based on the original replacement 
reference rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges 
with instruments tied to the new replacement reference rate. 
(k)
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and TONA as reference 
rates for Securities that pay a floating rate of interest 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of the 
Securities will be determined by reference to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA, the Rate of 
Interest or Rate will be determined by reference to the Compounded Daily SONIA (including on the 
basis of the SONIA Index published by the relevant administrator or other information service 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), Weighted Average SONIA, Compounded Daily SOFR 
(including on the basis of the SOFR Index published on the NY Federal Reserve Website), SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean, Compounded Daily €STR, Compounded Daily SARON or Compounded Daily 
TONA, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
The ongoing development of compounded daily SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and TONA as 
reference rates in the capital markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-, SOFR-, €STR-, 
SARON- and TONA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any 
Securities that reference a SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA rate, as applicable.. The market, or 
a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA that 
differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Securities that pay a 
floating rate of interest that reference a SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA rate issued under

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 62 - 
this Base Prospectus. Interest on Securities which reference a SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or 
TONA rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and shortly 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Securities that 
reference a SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA rate to estimate reliably the amount of interest 
that will be payable on such Securities, which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Securities. 
In contrast to Securities that pay a floating rate of interest referencing a term rate such as EURIBOR, 
if Securities referencing compounded daily or single daily SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA 
are redeemed early and accrued interest is payable on such redemption in respect of a period which 
is not an Interest Period, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of such Securities will only be 
determined at the due date for redemption. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA 
reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and 
adoption of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA in other markets, such as the derivative and 
loan markets. Any such mismatch between the adoption of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA 
reference rates across these markets may adversely impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which a Holder of Securities has in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of any Securities referencing a SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA rate and could 
have a material adverse impact on such Holders of Securities' investments. 
To the extent the SONIA, SOFR, €STR,SARON, or TONA rate is not published, the applicable rate 
to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest or Rate in respect of an Interest Period, will be determined 
using the fallback provisions set out in the Conditions. Any of these fallback provisions may result 
in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments 
that would have been made on the Securities if the SONIA, SOFR, €STR,SARON or TONA rate 
had been published as expected as of the Issue Date of the Securities. In addition, application of the 
fallback provisions may result in the effective application of a fixed rate of interest in respect of the 
Securities. 
(l)
Investors will not know in advance the interest amount payable on Securities which is calculated by 
reference to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA 
The rate of interest on the Securities may be calculated by reference to SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR,SARON or TONA. Because such rates are overnight funding rates, interest on Securities that 
reference such rates with Interest Periods longer than overnight will be calculated on the basis of (a) 
in the case of SONIA, (i) the weighted average mean of SONIA over the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period in respect of an Interest Period or where SONIA is fixed for a certain number of 
days prior to the end of the relevant Interest Period, (ii) a compounded SONIA (x) in respect of the 
Interest Period, provided that the SONIA used as the basis for calculation is that which was published 
a specified number of days prior or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days 
prior to the relevant Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of 
such Interest Period or (iii) calculated by reference to the SONIA Index published by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate, (b) in the case of SOFR, (i) the arithmetic mean of SOFR 
over the relevant Interest Period, where the SOFR is fixed for a certain number of days prior to the 
end of such Interest Period, (ii) a compounded SOFR (x) in respect of the Interest Period, provided 
that the SOFR used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of 
days prior or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant 
Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period 
or (iii) calculated by reference to the SOFR Index published on the NY Federal Reserve Website, 
(c) in the case of €STR, a compounded €STR (x) in respect of the Interest Period, provided that 
€STR used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified number of days prior 
or (y) in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior to the relevant Interest Period 
and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such Interest Period, (d) in the case 
of SARON, a compounded SARON in respect of a period that starts a specified number of days prior

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 63 - 
to the relevant Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days prior to the end of such 
Interest Period, or (e) in the case of TONA, a compounded TONA (i) in respect of the Interest Period, 
provided that the TONA used as the basis for calculation is that which was published a specified 
number of days prior to the observation date or (ii) in respect of a period that starts a specified 
number of days prior to the relevant Interest Period and ends the same specified number of days 
prior to the end of such Interest Period. As a consequence of these calculation methods, the amount 
of interest payable on each interest payment date will only be known a short period of time prior to 
the relevant interest payment date. Investors therefore will not know in advance the interest amount 
which will be payable on such Securities and there is a possibility that such amount could be lower 
than expected. 
(m) 
Any failure of SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect Holders of Securities that pay 
a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR 
Holders of Securities that pay a floating rate of interest that references SOFR are exposed to the risk 
that such rate may not be widely accepted in the market. The risk of this occurring is mitigated by 
the fact that SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial 
contracts as an alternative to LIBOR in part because it is considered to be a good representation of 
general funding conditions in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market. However, as a rate based on 
transactions secured by U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, 
as a result, is less likely to correlate with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. This may 
mean that market participants would not consider SOFR to be a suitable substitute or successor for 
all of the purposes for which LIBOR historically has been used (including, without limitation, as a 
representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, lessen its 
market acceptance. Any failure of SOFR to gain or maintain market acceptance could adversely 
affect the return on, value of and market for Securities that pay a floating rate of interest referencing 
SOFR. 
(n)
Withholding may be required on U.S. dividend equivalents 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended imposes a 30 per cent. 
withholding tax on payments to non-U.S. holders in respect of amounts attributable to U.S. source 
dividends that are paid or "deemed paid" under certain financial instruments if certain conditions are 
met (such instruments, "Specified Securities"). If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines 
that withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any 
additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld and investors may receive less than they 
would have received absent such withholding. Prospective investors should refer to the section 
"Taxation – U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding." 
For the purposes of withholding under the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, commonly 
known as FATCA, Specified Securities are subject to a different grandfathering rule than other 
Securities. Prospective investors should refer to the section "Taxation – Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act". 
(o)
The relationship of the United Kingdom with the European Union may affect the business (including 
the Securities) of the Guarantor (if applicable) in the United Kingdom  
The United Kingdom ("UK") left the European Union ("EU") on 31 January 2020 at 11pm and the 
transition period ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union 
and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation made under it ensure there is a functioning statute 
book in the UK.

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 64 - 
Although the UK and the EU have entered into a Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the "Trade 
and Cooperation Agreement"), to govern their relationship going forward, the Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement  does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision 
of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. 
Due to the on-going political uncertainty as regards the structure of the future relationship between 
the UK and the EU, the precise impact on the business of the Swap Counterparty and the Guarantor 
(if applicable) in the United Kingdom is difficult to determine. As such, such matters could adversely 
affect the ability of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty or the Guarantor (if applicable) to satisfy its 
obligations under any Series of Securities with a UK nexus and/or the market value and/or the 
liquidity of such Securities in the secondary market. 
(p)
Risks associated with credit risk retention 
The Securities sold as part of the initial distribution of any Securities may not be purchased by any 
person except for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, or 
"Risk Retention U.S. Persons". "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 
246) implementing the risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended. It is not certain whether the foreign transaction safe harbor exemption 
from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules will be available.  Failure of the offering to comply with the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules (regardless of the reason for the failure to comply) could give rise to regulatory 
action which may adversely affect the Securities.  Furthermore, the impact of the U.S. Risk Retention 
Rules on the securitisation markets generally is uncertain, and a failure by a transaction to comply 
with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules could negatively affect the market value and secondary market 
liquidity of the Securities.  
(q) 
Risks associated with being an AIF 
EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers ("AIFMD") seeks to regulate 
the activities of alternative investment fund managers ("AIFMs") who are (i) established in the EU 
and manage alternative investment funds ("AIFs") (whether the AIFs are established in the EU or 
not), or (ii) established outside the EU but who manage AIFs that are established in the EU, or (iii) 
AIFMs that are established outside the EU but who manage AIFs that are established outside the EU 
but which AIFs are marketed in the EU. If the Issuer is deemed to be an AIF, it must have a 
designated AIFM with responsibility for portfolio and risk management, who would need to be 
appropriately regulated.  In addition, if an Issuer is deemed to be an AIF (which may be determined 
by reference to any transactions it has entered into) it will be classified as a "financial counterparty" 
under the European Markets and Infrastructure Regulation (Regulation 648/2012) and may be 
required to comply with clearing obligations or other risk mitigation techniques with respect to 
derivatives transactions including obligations to post margin to any central clearing counterparty or 
market counterparty.  This could significantly raise the costs of entering into OTC derivative 
contracts and may adversely affect the Issuer's ability to engage in transactions in OTC derivatives. 
As a result of such increased costs or increased regulatory requirements, investors may receive less 
interest or return, as the case may be. 
5. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE UNDERLYING REFERENCE(S) AND DISRUPTION AND/OR ADJUSTMENT 
MECHANISMS
(a)
Risks associated with Underlying Reference Securities 
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may be linked to the performance of one or more 
Underlying Reference(s) (as further described in the "Investment Considerations" section below) 
(such Securities, "Underlying Reference Securities"). Depending on the terms of the Underlying 
Reference Securities, the amount payable on redemption or settlement or in interest will be 
determined by reference to the value of one or more Underlying References specified in the

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 65 - 
applicable Final Terms. If an Underlying Reference does not perform as expected, this will have a 
material adverse impact on the amounts (if any) that Holders of Securities will receive in respect of 
the Securities and may also negatively affect the value of the Securities.  
(b)
Absence of rights in respect of the Underlying Reference(s)  
The Securities do not represent a claim against any Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, 
manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference) and Holders of Securities 
will not have any right of recourse under the Securities to any such Underlying Reference (or any 
issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference).  The 
Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or 
other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference and such entities have no obligation 
to take into account the consequences of their actions on any Holders and such consequences may 
have a negative impact on Holders of Securities. Investors in Physical Delivery Securities should 
also refer to "Risks associated with Physical Delivery Securities" below.
(c) 
Risks associated with Physical Delivery Securities 
If the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities or in the case of Credit Linked Securities that 
provide for physical delivery or are Securities that provide for physical delivery of the Reference 
Securities upon the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or a Physical Delivery Event, Holders 
of Securities will only obtain a direct investment in the Underlying Reference or the relevant assets, 
in the case of Credit Linked Securities or the Reference Securities upon the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event or a Physical Delivery Event (where applicable) and have a right to participate in 
any voting, dividends, distributions or other rights of the Underlying Reference or the relevant assets, 
in the case of Credit Linked Securities or the Reference Securities, as the case may be, upon delivery 
of the Entitlement or the relevant assets, in the case of Credit Linked Securities.  Holders of Physical 
Delivery Securities or physically settled Credit Linked Securities are exposed to the risk that the 
market value of the Entitlement or the relevant assets, in the case of Credit Linked Securities is less 
than the market value of the Securities and Holders may not subsequently be able to realise any cash 
value from the assets comprising the Entitlement or the relevant assets, in the case of Credit Linked 
Securities or the Reference Securities (where applicable). This risk is increased if the assets 
comprising the Entitlement or the relevant assets, in the case of Credit Linked Securities or the 
Reference Securities, as the case may be, have a nexus with an emerging market (see "Additional 
risks associated with Securities with a nexus to emerging markets" above). 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the 
Settlement Date or the Redemption Date or Maturity Date respectively, settlement will be postponed 
until the next Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event.  
The Issuer in these circumstances also has the right to pay the Disruption Cash Settlement Price or 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined below) in lieu of delivering the Entitlement.  The 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price or Disruption Cash Redemption Amount may be less than the fair 
market value of the Entitlement and could be less than the return that the investor had anticipated. 
(d)
The value of Underlying References may be subject to market fluctuations 
Depending on the Underlying Reference, the value of a Holder of Securities' investment in 
Underlying Reference Securities, may be significantly adversely affected by the negative impact of 
market fluctuations caused by economic and political developments, changes in interest rates and 
perceived trends in the prices of securities.

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 66 - 
(e) 
Interest linked to an Underlying Reference 
In the case of Linked Interest Securities, where the amount of interest payable is determined by 
reference to the performance of an Underlying Reference or a basket of Underlying References, 
Holders of Securities are subject to the following risks: 
(i) 
the market price of such Securities may be volatile, and so Holders of Securities may only 
be able to sell their Securities in the secondary market at a loss (if they are able to sell at 
all); 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected, 
which could negatively affect the value of the Securities; 
(iv) 
an Underlying Reference may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the yield may be less than 
other comparable investments; 
(v) 
if an Underlying Reference in a basket has a disproportionately greater weighting compared 
to other basket components or a weighting greater than one or contains some other leverage 
factor, the effect of changes in the value of such Underlying Reference on interest payable 
will be magnified and could magnify any loss of interest that Holders of Securities would 
experience compared to an investment in Securities without such features; and 
(vi) 
interest may only be payable and/or calculated in respect of certain specified days and/or 
periods on or during which the Underlying Reference or its value equals, exceeds and/or is 
less than certain specified thresholds and if such conditions are not satisfied, Holders may 
not receive any interest, thus negatively affecting the Holder's overall yield.  
(f) 
Investment decision based on publicly available information 
Holders of Securities are required to make their investment decision on the basis of information that 
is publicly available. Therefore, Holders of Securities are exposed to the risk that information that is 
subsequently made public could adversely affect the trading price of the Underlying Reference(s), 
which could have a significant adverse impact on the value of the Securities.  
(g)
Risks associated with the occurrence of Additional Disruption Events and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Events  
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs or any Optional Additional Disruption Event specified in 
the applicable Final Terms occurs (other than in respect of a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), 
the Securities may be subject to adjustment (including, in the case of Share Linked Securities linked 
to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to the Basket of Shares), early redemption or the amount payable 
on scheduled redemption may be different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled 
redemption.  In the case of Index Linked Securities linked to a Custom Index, the occurrence of an 
Additional Disruption Event or Optional Redemption Event specified in the applicable Final Terms 
may lead to the selection of a successor Index.  Any of these consequences is likely to have a material 
adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the Securities and/or the return a Holder of Securities 
can expect to receive on their investment. 
(h)
The occurrence of a Disrupted Day may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the 
Index Linked Securities, Share Linked Securities, ETI Linked Securities or Debt Linked Securities   
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event has occurred (as 
described in the Index Linked Conditions, Share Linked Conditions, ETI Linked Conditions or Debt

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 67 - 
Linked Conditions or the relevant exchange has not opened on a date for valuation in respect of an 
issue of Index Linked Securities, Share Linked Securities, ETI Linked Securities or Debt Linked 
Securities (a "Disrupted Day"), any consequential postponement of the valuation date, or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in any Securities in respect of an Underlying Reference 
(including any Underlying Reference comprising a basket) may have an adverse effect on the value 
and liquidity of such Securities, particularly if the Redemption Date, Settlement Date or Maturity 
Date of the Securities is postponed as a consequence.   
(i) 
Additional risks associated with Index Linked Securities
Index Linked Securities are linked to the performance of an underlying index (an "Index"), which 
may reference various asset classes such as, equities, bonds, currency exchange rates or property 
price data, or could reference a mixture of asset classes. Investors in Index Linked Securities face 
the risk of a broader set of circumstances that mean that the assets underlying the Index do not 
perform as expected compared to an investment in conventional debt securities. Accordingly, the 
return on an investment in Index Linked Securities is more likely to be adversely affected than an 
investment in conventional debt securities. 
In the case of Index Linked Securities that are linked to the performance of a proprietary index (a 
"Custom Index"), if the components of the Custom Index are subject to regular rebalancing in 
accordance with the methodology of the Custom Index, this may be determined (in whole or in part) 
by reference to criteria specified in the index and/or one or more lists of assets compiled by an 
independent third party (such as, research lists, analytical reports or "top picks" guides). Such third 
parties have no regard to the interests of Holders of Securities and any such rebalancing could 
negatively affect the performance of a Custom Index and the value of the Index Linked Securities. 
(j)
The occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event may adversely impact holders of Index Linked 
Securities
The occurrence of an Index Modification, an Index Cancellation or an Index Disruption (each being 
an "Index Adjustment Event") may lead to (i) changes in the calculation of the relevant value or 
price (if the Calculation Agent determines such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the 
Securities), (ii) early redemption of the Securities or (iii) the amount payable on scheduled 
redemption of the Securities being different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled 
redemption. Any such adjustment or early redemption of the Index Linked Securities may have an 
adverse effect on the value and liquidity of such Securities and accordingly the amount Holders of 
Securities can expect to receive on their investment.
(k) 
Additional risks associated with Share Linked Securities
Unlike a direct investment in any Share(s), Stapled Share(s), GDR(s) and/or ADR(s) comprising the 
Underlying Reference(s) (together the "Share(s)"), an investment in Share Linked Securities does 
not entitle Holders of Securities to vote or receive dividends or distributions (unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms). Accordingly, the return on Share Linked Securities will not be the 
same as a direct investment in the relevant Share(s) and Holders of Securities could receive less than 
they would have done on a direct investment. 
(l)
An adjustment to Share Linked Securities following a Potential Adjustment Event may adversely 
impact Holders of Securities 
In the case of Share Linked Securities following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be (or, in the case of Stapled Shares, an issuer of each constituent share 
comprising the Stapled Shares), of the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent will, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such 
Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 68 - 
Shares (or the Stapled Shares, as the case may be) and, if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, 
if any, to any terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative 
effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, 
expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share (or the relevant Stapled 
Shares, as the case may be)).  Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity 
of the affected Share Linked Securities and accordingly the amount Holders of Securities can expect 
to receive on their investment. 
(m) 
Extraordinary Events relating to Share Linked Securities  
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event (as defined in the Share Linked Conditions) in 
relation to a Share, the terms of the Share Linked Securities may be adjusted (including, in the case 
of Share Linked Securities linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to and/or substitution of 
constituent shares of the Basket of Shares), the Share Linked Securities may be redeemed in whole 
or in part or the Calculation Agent may make an adjustment corresponding to adjustments made by 
an Options Exchange. 
An adjustment to the Share Linked Securities may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity 
of the affected Share Linked Securities and accordingly the amount Holders of Securities can expect 
to receive on their investment. If the Share Linked Securities are early redeemed, an investor 
generally would not be able to reinvest the relevant proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the effective return on the relevant Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate, and investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.  Consequently, the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event in relation to a Share 
may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Securities and accordingly the amount 
Holders of Securities can expect to receive on their investment. 
(n) 
Additional risks associated with ETI Linked Securities 
An investment in ETI Linked Securities carries similar risks to an investment in Share Linked 
Securities or Fund Linked Securities. An exchange traded instrument (an "ETI") may invest using 
sophisticated techniques, such as leverage or short selling or in complex financial instruments such 
as derivatives (swaps, options, futures), securities lending transactions, repurchase or reverse 
repurchase agreements or foreign exchange instruments. If the investment strategy of the ETI is not 
successful it will have a negative impact upon the performance of the ETI, and consequently, could 
have a negative impact on the value of the ETI Linked Securities and the return investors may 
receive.  Holders of ETI Linked Securities have no right to participate in the ETI, whether by voting 
or in any distributions. Accordingly, the return a Holder of ETI Linked Securities receives could be 
less (and could be significantly less) than a direct investment in an ETI. This effect could be 
amplified if the ETI Share Provisions are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and the value of the ETI is linked to the NAV per ETI Interest, the trading price of the ETI or the 
actual redemption proceeds the Hedge Provider or a hypothetical investor in the relevant ETI(s) 
would receive. 
(o) 
An adjustment to ETI Linked Securities following a Potential Adjustment Event may adversely 
impact Holders of Securities 
In the case of ETI Linked Securities, following the declaration by the relevant ETI or any person 
appointed to provide services directly or indirectly in respect of such ETI, as the case may be, of the 
terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, if so, will make the 
corresponding adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 69 - 
diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI 
Interest).  Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected ETI 
Linked Securities, and accordingly, the amount Holders of Securities can expect to receive on their 
investment. 
(p)
The occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event (where ETI Share Provisions is not applicable) or 
Extraordinary Event (where ETI Share Provisions is applicable) may have an adverse impact on 
Holders of Securities 
If an Extraordinary ETI Event or an Extraordinary Event (each as further described in the 
"Investment Considerations" section below) occurs, the Issuer may (i) adjust the terms of the ETI 
Linked Securities to reflect such event, (ii) substitute the relevant ETI Interests, or (iii) early redeem 
the ETI Linked Securities.  Consequently, the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event or an 
Extraordinary Event, as the case may be, may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the 
Securities and the amount Holders of Securities can expect to receive on their investment.  
(q)
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event relating to Commodity Linked Securities may have an 
adverse impact on Holders of Securities  
If a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing on a date for valuation in respect of Commodity 
Linked Securities, then the Calculation Agent may make any relevant calculation in respect of the 
Commodity Securities using an alternative value in lieu of the published price, the affected 
Commodity,  the affected Commodity Index or affected EU Allowance, as the case may be, may be 
substituted, the Issuer will early redeem the Securities or (in the case of a Commodity that is an EU 
Allowance) make appropriate amendments to the terms of the Commodity Linked Securities, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Any such adjustment or early redemption of the Securities may have an adverse effect on the value 
and liquidity of such Securities and accordingly the amount Holders of Securities can expect to 
receive on their investment. 
(r) 
The occurrence of a Commodity Index Adjustment Event may adversely impact holders of 
Commodity Linked Securities that reference a Commodity Index
The occurrence of a Commodity Index Modification, Commodity Index Cancellation or Commodity 
Index Disruption (each being a "Commodity Index Adjustment Event") may lead to (i) the 
Calculation Agent determining the Relevant Price using, in lieu of a published level, the Commodity 
Fallback Value (if the Calculation Agent determines such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has 
a material effect on the Securities), or (ii) early redemption of the Securities. Any such adjustment 
or early redemption of the Commodity Linked Securities may have an adverse effect on the value 
and liquidity of such Securities and accordingly the amount Holders of Securities can expect to 
receive on their investment. 
(s)
Additional risks associated with Commodity Linked Securities referencing a proprietary commodity 
index 
If the Commodity Linked Securities reference the performance of a proprietary commodity index, 
the operational rules of the commodity index (which may not be publicly available) will affect how 
the level of the commodity index is determined in the event of a disruption. A delay in the publication 
of the commodity index could adversely affect the commodity index and consequently, the value of 
the Commodity Linked Securities, which in turn could negatively affect the return an investor can 
expect to receive on the Commodity Linked Securities. 
(t)
Additional risks associated with Commodity Linked Securities referencing EU Allowances

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 70 - 
Trading in carbon emissions is a developing market and is highly speculative and volatile. The 
carbon emissions trading market has been and may again be subject to temporary distortions or other 
disruptions due to various factors, including the lack of liquidity in the market, the participation of 
speculators and government regulation and intervention. In addition, in respect of the emissions 
trading market in Europe, EU Allowances have allegedly been stolen or "phished" from the national 
registries of several European countries and from the carbon trading accounts of market participants. 
This has caused severe market disruption in the European carbon trading market with delivery of 
EU Allowances suspended for significant periods. Any such disruption in the future would have a 
detrimental impact on the value or settlement of Commodity Linked Securities referencing EU 
Allowances. 
(u)
Additional risks associated with Currency Linked Securities 
Fluctuations in exchange rates are affected by complex political and economic factors, including 
governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency, regardless of other market forces. If 
the rate of issuance of exchange rate instruments (such as warrants, securities or options relating to 
particular currencies or currency indices) increases, the value of Currency Linked Securities in the 
secondary market will decline. Holders of Currency Linked Securities risk losing some or all of their 
investment if exchange rates of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) do not move in the 
direction they had anticipated. Additionally, if Currency Linked Securities are settled in a currency 
other than the holder's home currency, the negative effects of exchange rate fluctuations will be 
greater (see also "Exchange control risks" above). 
(v)
Additional risks associated with Fund Linked Securities (other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund)
The value of underlying fund shares or units or the level of an underlying fund index in respect of 
Fund Linked Securities will be affected by the investment strategy of the relevant fund. The 
investment strategy is often opaque and may not be publicly available. In addition, funds are often 
illiquid and/or unregulated. If the investment strategy does not perform as expected, there are limited 
methods by which direct investments in fund shares or units can be exited. The value of the fund 
shares or units or the level of a fund index is also exposed to the performance of various fund service 
providers, in particular, the investment adviser. Taking these circumstances into account, compared 
to other types of investment, there is a greater risk associated with an investment in Fund Linked 
Securities that the value of the Securities may be adversely affected (and could fall to zero) and the  
return Holders of Securities can expect to receive may be less (and could be significantly less) than 
expected. 
(w) 
The occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event may have an adverse impact on Holders of 
Securities 
Unless the Fund is a Euro Fund, if an Extraordinary Fund Event (as further described in the 
"Investment Considerations" section below) occurs, the Issuer may, (i) adjust the terms of the Fund 
Linked Securities to reflect such event, (ii) substitute the relevant Fund Shares, or (iii) early redeem 
the Fund Linked Securities. Consequently, the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event may have 
an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the Fund Linked Securities and the amount Holders of 
Securities can expect to receive on their investment. 
(x) 
Date for redemption may be postponed if Hedge Provider does not receive redemption proceeds 
from Fund Shares 
In the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares are not received by 
the Hedge Provider on or prior to the scheduled date for redemption, the Redemption Date or 
Maturity Date or Settlement Date, as the case may be, of the Fund Linked Securities (other than 
where the Fund is a Euro Fund) may be postponed for a period of up to two calendar years (or such 
other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) and no additional amount shall be

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 71 - 
payable as a result of such delay. Such delay could have a significant adverse impact on the amount 
that the Holder would have otherwise received had such date for redemption not been postponed. 
(y)
Investors should conduct their own investigation of the Euro Fund as if they were a policyholder 
In the case of Fund Linked Securities where the Fund is a Euro Fund, to the extent that any amounts 
payable under the Securities depend on the Gross Rate of Return of the Euro Fund, investors should 
conduct their own investigations concerning the Euro Fund and the Insurance Company as if they 
were a policyholder in the Euro Fund. In particular, investors should take into account that the Gross 
Rate of Return of the Euro Fund, which is determined by the Insurance Company based on the return 
the Insurance Company achieves on its general assets may be different from the provisional rate of 
return published by the Insurance Company in respect of the Euro Fund and may be zero. The 
issuance by the Issuer of any Securities referencing a Euro Fund does not constitute any form of 
recommendation by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if any) to invest in the Euro Fund. 
(z)
The occurrence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event may have an adverse impact on Holders of 
Securities 
If, in respect of Fund Linked  Securities, where the Fund is a Euro Fund and an Extraordinary Euro 
Fund Event (as further described in the "Investment Considerations" section below and Fund Linked 
Condition 9 (Extraordinary Euro Fund Events)) occurs, the Calculation Agent may (i) adjust the 
terms of the Fund Linked Securities to reflect such event, (ii) substitute the relevant Euro Fund, or 
(iii) request the Issuer to early redeem the Fund Linked Securities (as further described in Fund 
Linked Condition 10 (Consequences of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event)). Consequently, the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event may have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of the Securities and the amount Holders of Securities can expect to receive on their investment.
(aa) 
Additional risks associated with Underlying Interest Rate Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Securities where the Final Redemption Amount (in the case of Notes or 
Certificates) or Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Warrants) and/or interest payable are 
dependent upon movements in underlying interest rates. 
Interest rates are determined by various factors which are influenced by macro economic, political 
or financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. In recent years, 
interest rates have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest rates may 
rise and/or become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any interest rate in the past are not 
necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any 
Security. Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect the value of Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Securities. 
(bb) 
Additional risks associated with Commodity Linked Securities valued by reference to Futures 
Contracts 
Commodity Linked Securities may be linked to the performance of a futures or options contract over 
an underlying commodity. If such underlying futures or options contract does not perform as 
expected, an investor in such types of Securities may receive a lower return (and could receive a 
significantly lower return) than anticipated. 
The performance of futures and options contracts can be affected by, among other things, the 
liquidity of the futures or options exchange and events beyond the control of the futures or options 
exchange. There may be significant differences between the value of spot markets and the futures or 
options markets for the underlying commodity, index, synthetic debt instrument and/or currency. 
Accordingly, an investment in Securities referencing such futures contracts may perform worse than 
a comparable investment in Commodity Linked Securities that do not reference a futures or options 
contract or even a direct investment in the relevant underlying commodity.

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 72 - 
(cc) 
Leveraged Notional Value Repack Securities 
In respect of certain series of Notional Value Repack Securities, the Issuer may acquire Reference 
Securities with a nominal amount greater than the aggregate nominal amount (in the case of Notes) 
or the aggregate notional amount (in the case of Certificates) of the relevant Notional Value Repack 
Securities.  Although the Issuer will hold Reference Securities with a greater nominal amount than 
the nominal amount or notional amount, as the case may be, of the relevant series of Notional Value 
Repack Securities and will therefore be overcollateralised, the purchase of such Reference Securities 
will be funded by payments received from the Swap Counterparty and in such circumstances the 
amounts required to purchase the relevant Reference Securities may be substantially higher in 
aggregate than the issue proceeds in respect of the relevant series of Notional Value Repack 
Securities.  In the event that an Early Redemption Event or Event of Default occurs, the likelihood 
that a termination payment will be due to the Swap Counterparty will be magnified as will the 
potential extent of such payment.  This could lead to the amount of the proceeds of sale of the 
Reference Securities being available to pay amounts due to the Holders of Securities being 
significantly reduced where such amounts are applied towards payment of the termination payment 
due to the Swap Counterparty. 
(dd) 
Additional risks relating to Credit Linked Securities  
The risk factors set out below relate to Credit Linked Securities, which are subject to the provisions 
set out in "Annex 10 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities". 
(i) 
General risks relating to Credit Linked Securities 
The Issuer may issue Notes or Certificates ("Credit Linked Securities") where the amount 
payable is dependent upon whether certain events ("Credit Events") have occurred in 
respect of one or more Reference Entities and, if so, on the value of certain specified 
obligations of such Reference Entity/Entities. Credit Linked Securities are Securities in 
respect of which the Issuer has effectively bought credit protection in relation to one or more 
obligations issued or incurred by Reference Entities from the Holders of Securities. 
Payments to be made to Holders of such Securities or (in the case of Credit Linked Securities 
that provide for physical delivery) the Issuer's obligation to deliver certain specified 
obligations, will depend on the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to such Reference 
Entities. 
Accordingly, the holders of Credit Linked Securities will be exposed to the credit risk of 
one or more Reference Entities (being, in general terms, the risk that a given entity does not 
perform its financial obligations when due or becomes insolvent), which exposure may be 
to the full extent of their investment in such Credit Linked Securities. Upon the occurrence 
of any of the events comprising a Credit Event with respect to any Reference Entity, the 
Holders of Securities may suffer significant losses. Credit Events may also occur in the 
absence of a default, for example, as a result of a restructuring of indebtedness or the 
implementation of resolution or recovery proceedings with respect to a Reference Entity. 
Holders of Securities should also note that a Credit Event may occur even if the obligations 
of a Reference Entity are unenforceable or their performance is prohibited by any applicable 
law or exchange controls. Certain Credit Events may occur even in the absence of a 
deterioration in the financial condition or creditworthiness of a Reference Entity. 
Where Cash Settlement or Auction Settlement applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event in 
relation to any Reference Entity from time to time may result in a redemption of the Credit 
Linked Securities at a reduced redemption amount or at zero, and, (if applicable) in a 
reduction of the amount on which interest is calculated, which reduction may be to zero. 
Where Physical Settlement applies in respect of a Credit Linked Security, the occurrence of 
a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the Credit Linked Securities by delivery (or,

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 73 - 
in certain circumstances, valuation) of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which obligations are likely to have a market value which is substantially 
less than their par amount.  
Accordingly, investors in Credit Linked Securities are exposed, in respect of both principal 
and (if applicable) interest, to the credit risk of the Reference Entity or Reference Entities. 
The maximum loss an investor in Credit Linked Securities may sustain is 100 per cent. of 
their initial investment, together with (if applicable) any interest amounts. 
(ii) 
Correlated Credit Risks 
In purchasing Credit Linked Securities, investors assume credit exposure to both the 
specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities and the Issuer (and the Guarantor, if 
applicable) of the Credit Linked Securities. The credit risk to investors may further be 
increased if the specified Reference Entity or Reference Entities are concentrated in the 
same industry sector or geographic area as the Guarantor (if applicable). In the case of Credit 
Linked Securities linked to more than one Reference Entity, the risks of default of such 
Reference Entities may be highly correlated. 
(iii) 
A Credit Event may occur prior to the Trade Date 
Holders of Credit Linked Securities may suffer a loss of some or all of the redemption 
amount and any interest amount in respect of the Credit Linked Securities in respect of one 
or more Credit Events that occur prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date, if the Credit 
Event Backstop Date is specified as a date falling prior to such date. Neither the Calculation 
Agent or the Issuer nor any of their respective Affiliates has any responsibility to inform 
any Holder of Securities, or avoid or mitigate the effects of a Credit Event that has taken 
place prior to the Trade Date or the Issue Date. 
(iv) 
Increased credit risks associated with Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities  
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities, the Credit 
Linked Securities will be subject to redemption in full as described above upon the 
occurrence of a Credit Event in relation to the nth Reference Entity. The credit risk to 
Holders of Securities may therefore be increased as a result of the concentration of 
Reference Entities in a particular industry sector or geographic area or the exposure of the 
Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks. 
(v) 
Additional credit risks associated with Basket Credit Linked Securities 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Basket Credit Linked Securities and a Distribution 
End Date is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall specify whether "Distribution 
Period Redemption", "Redemption at
Maturity" or "Distribution Period Event 
Determination Date Disapplication" applies. If "Distribution Period Redemption" applies 
and an Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Distribution End Date, holders 
of such Credit Linked Securities will suffer a loss of interest and the Credit Linked 
Securities will be redeemed, in part, early. In the case of such partial early redemption, 
Holders of Securities may not be able to reinvest in a similar product offering a 
corresponding return. 
The credit risk to holders of Basket Credit Linked Securities may be increased as a result of 
the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular industry sector or geographic area or 
the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks.

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 74 - 
(vi) 
Actions of Reference Entities may affect the value of the Credit Linked Securities 
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or transfer 
of indebtedness) may adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Securities. Holders of 
the Credit Linked Securities should be aware that the Reference Entities to which the value 
of the Credit Linked Securities is exposed, and the terms of such exposure, may change over 
the term of the Credit Linked Securities. Where a successor Reference Entity is identified, 
the risks associated with such successor may be greater than the risks associated with the 
original Reference Entity, resulting in an increased likelihood that a Credit Event will occur 
and accordingly, an increased risk that Holders of Securities may lose some or all of their 
investment. 
(vii) 
Suspension of Obligations will suspend payment of principal and interest 
In certain circumstances (for example, where a Credit Event has occurred and the related 
credit loss has not been determined as at the relevant date for payment, or, if applicable, 
where a potential Credit Event exists as at the scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked 
Securities), Holders of Securities may be adversely affected where payment of the 
redemption amount and/or interest on the Credit Linked Securities is deferred for a material 
period in whole or part without compensation to the holders of the Credit Linked Securities.
(ix) 
Use of Auction Settlement may adversely affect returns to Holders of Securities 
Where Credit Linked Securities are redeemed or settled by reference to a market auction 
process, the losses determined pursuant to such market auction process may be greater than 
the losses which would have been determined had an alternative settlement method been 
used. In particular, the auction process may be affected by technical factors or operational 
errors which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted 
manipulation. Where this is the case, holders of Credit Linked Securities may receive a 
lower amount on redemption or settlement of their Credit Linked Securities than would 
otherwise be the case.
(x) 
Use of Cash Settlement may adversely affect returns to Holders of Securities 
If the Credit Linked Securities are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Credit 
Event, the Calculation Agent will be required to seek quotations in respect of selected 
obligations of the affected Reference Entity. Quotations obtained will be "bid-side" - that 
is, they will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread charged by the relevant dealer. 
Such quotations may not be available, or the level of such quotations may be substantially 
reduced or may vary substantially as a result of illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a 
result of factors other than the credit risk of the affected Reference Entity (for example, 
liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may 
be significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which would be determined 
by reference to (for example) the present value of related cashflows. Quotations will be 
deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations are available. Accordingly, Holders 
of Securities may receive a lower amount on redemption or settlement of their Credit Linked 
Securities than would otherwise be the case. In relation to the risks applicable to physical 
settlement, investors should also note the section entitled "Risks associated with Physical 
Delivery Securities" above.
(xi) 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk  
Since the Swap Counterparty, as buyer of protection in respect of the Credit Linked 
Securities has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations and/or assets to be valued or 
delivered following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, it is likely that the

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 75 - 
portfolio of obligations and/or assets selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity 
and/or assets with the lowest market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the 
terms of the Credit Linked Securities. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence 
greater losses for investors in the Credit Linked Securities. 
(xii) 
Risks Related to interpretation and operation of terms 
The views of market participants and/or legal counsel may differ as to how the terms of 
market standard credit default swaps, and the corresponding terms of the Credit Linked 
Securities, should be interpreted, or such terms may operate in a manner contrary to the 
expectations of market participants and/or adversely to the interests of Holders of the Credit 
Linked Securities. The market value or return on the Credit Linked Securities may therefore 
be less than an investor expects to receive at the point at which they purchase the Credit 
Linked Securities. 
(xiii) 
Asset Package Delivery risks 
In certain circumstances where (a) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental 
Intervention" apply in respect of a Reference Entity and (i) there is a Governmental 
Intervention Credit Event; or (ii) a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of the Reference 
Obligation where such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention or (b) 
a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of a Sovereign, then a related asset package resulting 
from a prior deliverable obligation (where "Financial Reference Entity Terms" apply) or 
package observable bond (where the Reference Entity is a sovereign) may be deliverable.  
If the resulting asset package is deemed to be zero where there are no resulting assets, the 
negative impact on Holders of Securities could be a related credit loss borne by Holders of 
Securities of 100 per cent. of their investment notwithstanding the recovery value on any 
other obligations of the Reference Entity.  
If an asset in the asset package is a non-transferable instrument or non-financial instrument, 
the value of such asset will be the market value determined by reference to a specialist 
valuation or in accordance with methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees, which valuation may result in losses to be borne by Holders 
of Securities which may be greater than the losses which would have been determined in 
the absence of such valuation methodology being used. Accordingly, Holders of Securities 
may receive a lower amount on redemption or settlement of their Credit Linked Securities 
than would otherwise be the case if an alternative settlement method were used. 
(xiv) 
Increased risks of Zero Recovery Credit Linked Securities or where a specified Final Price 
is applicable
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Zero Recovery Credit Linked Securities, if a Credit 
Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, investors will automatically lose an amount 
in principal or notional amount of the Credit Linked Security equal to the portion of the 
Credit Linked Security which is allocated to the credit risk of the affected Reference Entity, 
regardless of any recoveries on any obligations of the Reference Entity which would have 
been determined in the absence of the "Zero Recovery" feature. Likewise, if the Final Price 
is specified in the Final Terms in relation to Credit Linked Securities, such fixed Final Price 
may be lower (and may be significantly lower) than the recovery which an investor in bonds 
or instruments issued by such Reference Entity would receive. 
(xv) 
Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
The institutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee owe no duty to the 
Holders of Securities and have the ability to make determinations that may have a material

--- Page 76 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 76 - 
adverse effect on the Holders, such as the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Succession 
Event. A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be able to make determinations 
without action or knowledge of the Holders. 
The powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be expanded or 
modified as a result of amendments to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Rules. Holders of Securities may have no role in the composition of any Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and may have no recourse against either the institutions serving 
on a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or the external reviewers. 
(xvi) 
The Calculation Agent may modify the terms of the Credit Linked Securities 
The Calculation Agent may, following its determination that there has been a change in the 
prevailing market standard terms or market trading conventions that affects any hedging 
transaction, modify the terms of the Credit Linked Securities to the extent reasonably 
necessary to ensure consistency with the prevailing market standard terms or market trading 
conventions, without the consent of Holders of Securities or prior notice to Holders of 
Securities. The Calculation Agent is not obliged to make any such modifications. If the 
Calculation Agent modifies the terms of the Credit Linked Securities, it will do so without 
regard to the interests of the holders of the Credit Linked Securities and any such 
modification may be prejudicial to the interests of the holder of the Credit Linked Securities 
in that such a modification may adversely affect the market value of the Credit Linked 
Securities or the amount which a Holder of Securities would be entitled to receive on 
redemption or settlement of the Credit Linked Securities.
6. 
RISKS RELATING TO GUARANTEED SECURITIES
(a) 
General Guarantees 
In the event the General Guarantee is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
prospective purchasers of Guaranteed Securities should note that the Guarantee is a guarantee of the 
Issuer’s obligations which are themselves limited by a number of factors including, but not limited 
to, the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004 and the Conditions of the Notes, the Conditions of 
the Warrants or the Conditions of the Certificates (as the case may be), including, without limitation, 
those relating to (i) the applicable redemption amount (which may be limited to the liquidation 
proceeds of the Charged Assets of the Compartment relating to such Note, Warrant or Certificate, as 
the case may be), (ii) Compartments, (iii) limited recourse, (iv) non-petition, (v) subordination and 
(vi) priority of payments, as described in this Base Prospectus. Holders of Guaranteed Securities 
would therefore retain the risk that these factors may result in payments under the Guaranteed 
Securities being less than amounts which would otherwise have been due, as described in "Risk 
Factors – Risks relating to the Issuer". 
(b) 
Shortfall Guarantees 
In the event the Shortfall Guarantee is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
prospective purchasers of Guaranteed Securities should note that the Guarantee is a not a full  
guarantee of the Issuer’s obligations but only relates to the payment of any Shortfall Amount (as 
defined in the Guarantee) and is conditional on (i) the Holders of the Securities receiving less than 
the amount which would otherwise have been payable in respect of the Securities on the Maturity 
Date (in the case of Notes), Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates), Settlement Date (in the 
case of Warrants), Early Redemption Date or Automatic Early Redemption Date (as applicable and 
in the case of Notes and Certificates) or Early Termination Date (in the case of Warrants), as the 
case may be, in accordance with the Conditions of the Notes, the Conditions of the Warrants or the 
Conditions of the Certificates (as the case may be) and (ii) the liquidation of the Charged Assets 
(either following the enforcement of the security for the Securities or following the occurrence of an

--- Page 77 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 77 - 
Early Redemption Event or Early Termination Event). The Shortfall Amount represents the amount 
by which any Available Enforcement Proceeds are insufficient to meet (1) the Final Redemption 
Amount or Automatic Early Redemption Amount (as applicable and in the case of Notes or 
Certificates) or Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Warrants) on the Maturity Date or Automatic 
Early Redemption Date (as applicable and in the case of Notes), Settlement Date (in the case of 
Warrants) or Redemption Date or Automatic Early Redemption Date (as applicable and in the case 
of Certificates) or (2) the fair market value of the relevant Security following an Event of Default 
(other than an Event of Default resulting from a failure to pay the Final Redemption Amount or 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount (in the case of Notes or Certificates) or the Cash Settlement 
Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Warrants)), an Early Redemption Event or an Early Termination 
Event.  Where the Guarantee is a Shortfall Guarantee, Holders of Securities will not be able to claim 
under the relevant Guarantee until the relevant Charged Assets are have been liquidated or realised 
so that the Shortfall Amount can be calculated.  As a result there could be a significant delay before 
amounts are paid to the Holders of Securities under the Shortfall Guarantee and Holders of Securities 
may not be able to re-invest any amount received at the same rates or in the same way as if such 
payment had not been delayed. 
7. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE GUARANTOR WHERE THE GUARANTOR IS BNPP 
Risks Relating to BNPP and its Industry 
Unless otherwise indicated, the information and financial elements contained in these risk factors 
specifically include the activity of Bank of the West to reflect a prudential view. They are therefore 
presented excluding the effects of the application of IFRS 5 on groups of assets and liabilities held 
for sale. Chapter 3 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) includes a 
reconciliation between the operational view presented excluding the application of IFRS 5 and the 
consolidated financial statements applying IFRS 5. 
The main categories of risk inherent in BNPP’s business are presented below. They may be measured 
through risk-weighted assets or other quantitative or qualitative indicators, to the extent risk-
weighted assets are not relevant (for example, for liquidity and funding risk). 
In billions of euros 
Risk Weighted Assets
30.06.22  
31.12.21  
31.12.20
Credit risk 
581 
554 
527
Counterparty credit risk 
48 
40 
41
Securitisation risk in the banking book 
16 
14 
14
Operational risk 
62 
63 
71
Market risk 
29 
25 
25
Amounts below the thresholds for deduction (subject to 250% risk 
weight) 
20 
18 
17
TOTAL 
756 
714 
696
More generally, the risks to which BNPP is exposed may arise from a number of factors related, 
among others, to changes in its macroeconomic or regulatory environment or factors related to the 
implementation of its strategy and its business. 
The material risks specific to BNPP's business, determined based on the circumstances known to the 
management as of the date of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English), are 
presented below under seven main categories: credit risk; counterparty risk and securitisation risk in

--- Page 78 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 78 - 
the banking book; operational risk; market risk; liquidity and funding risk; risks related to the 
macroeconomic and market environment; regulatory risks; and risks related to BNPP's growth in its 
current environment. 
BNPP's risk management policies have been taken into account in assessing the materiality of these 
risks; in particular, risk-weighted assets factor in risk mitigation elements to the extent eligible in 
accordance with applicable banking regulations. 
7.1 
Credit risk, counterparty risk and securitisation risk in the banking book 
BNPP's credit risk is defined as the probability of a borrower or counterparty defaulting on its 
obligations to BNPP. Probability of default along with the recovery rate of the loan or debt in the 
event of default are essential elements in assessing credit quality. In accordance with the European 
Banking Authority recommendations, this category of risk also includes risks on equity investments, 
as well as those related to insurance activities. At 31 December 2021, BNPP's credit risk exposure 
broke down as follows: corporates (41%), central governments and central banks (27%), retail 
customers (25%), credit institutions (4%), other items (2%) and equities (1%). As of 31 December 
2021, 32% of  BNPP 's credit exposure was comprised of exposures in France, 16% in Belgium and 
Luxembourg, 9% in Italy, 19% in other European countries, 13% in North America, 6% in Asia and 
5% in the rest of the world. BNPP's risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to 
EUR 554 billion at 31 December 2021, or 78% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPP, compared 
to EUR 527 billion at 31 December 2020 and EUR 581 billion at 30 June 2022, or 77% of the total 
risk-weighted assets of BNPP. 
BNPP's counterparty risk arises from its credit risk in the specific context of market transactions, 
investments, and/or settlements. BNPP's exposure to counterparty risk, excluding Credit Valuation 
Adjustment ("CVA") risk at 31 December 2021, is comprised of: 44% to the corporate sector, 19% 
to governments and central banks, 13% to credit institutions and investment firms, and 24% to 
clearing houses. By product, BNPP's exposure, excluding CVA risk, at 31 December 2021 is 
comprised of: 51% in over-the-counter ("OTC") derivatives, 33% in repurchase transactions and 
securities lending/borrowing, 10% in listed derivatives and 6% in contributions to the clearing 
houses’ default funds. The amount of this risk varies over time, depending on fluctuations in market 
parameters affecting the potential future value of the covered transactions. In addition, CVA risk 
measures the risk of losses related to CVA volatility resulting from fluctuations in credit spreads 
associated with the counterparties to BNPP is subject to risk. The risk-weighted assets subject to 
counterparty credit risk amounted to EUR 40 billion at 31 December 2021, representing 6% of 
BNPP's total risk-weighted assets, compared to EUR 41 billion at 31 December 2020 and at EUR 48 
billion at 30 June 2022, or 6% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPP. 
 
Securitisation risk in the banking book: securitisation is a transaction or arrangement by which 
the credit risk associated with a liability or set of liabilities is subdivided into tranches. Any 
commitment made by BNPP under a securitisation structure (including derivatives and liquidity 
lines) is considered to be a securitisation. The bulk of BNPP's commitments are in the prudential 
banking portfolio. Securitised exposures are essentially those generated by BNPP. The securitisation 
positions held or acquired by the BNP Paribas Group may also be categorized by its role: of the 
positions as at 31 December 2021, BNP Paribas was originator of 50%, was sponsor of 31% and was 
investor of 19%. The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 14 billion at 
31 December 2021 representing 2% of BNPP's total risk-weighted assets, unchanged compared to 
31 December 2020 and at EUR 16 billion at 30 June 2022, or 2% of the total risk-weighted assets of 
BNPP. 
(a)
A substantial increase in new provisions or a shortfall in the level of previously recorded provisions 
exposed to credit risk and counterparty risk could adversely affect BNPP's results of operations and 
financial condition.

--- Page 79 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 79 - 
Credit risk and counterparty risk impact BNPP's consolidated financial statements when a customer 
or counterparty is unable to honour its obligations and when the book value of these obligations in 
BNPP's records is positive. The customer or counterparty may be a bank, a financial institution, an 
industrial or commercial enterprise, a government or a government entity, an investment fund, or a 
natural person. If the default rate of customers or counterparties increases, BNPP may have to record 
increased charges or provisions in respect of irrecoverable or doubtful loans (Stage 3) or of 
performing loans (Stages 1 and 2) in response to a deterioration in economic conditions or other 
factors, which may affect its profitability. 
As a result, in connection with its lending activities, BNPP regularly establishes provisions, which 
are recorded on its income statement in the line item Cost of Risk. These provisions amounted to 
EUR 2.925 billion at 31 December 2021, representing 34 basis points of outstanding customer loans 
(compared with 66 basis points at 31 December 2020 and 39 basis points at 31 December 2019).  
The significant increase in these provisions in 2020 reflects the economic consequences of the health 
crisis and is an example of the materialisation of this risk, while their decrease in 2021 is explained 
by a high base in 2020, a limited number of defaults and write-backs of provisions on performing 
loans.  In the first half of 2022, the cost of risk was impacted by a EUR 511 million provision for 
ex-ante expected losses (levels 1 and 2) related to the indirect effects of the invasion of Ukraine and 
the rise in inflation and interest rates, partially offset by a write-back of provisions related to the 
health crisis of EUR 187 million. 
BNPP's overall level of provisions is based on its assessment of prior loss experience, the volume 
and type of lending being conducted, industry standards, past due loans, economic conditions and 
other factors related to the recoverability of various loans or statistical analysis based on scenarios 
applicable to asset classes.  Although BNPP seeks to establish an appropriate level of provisions, its 
lending businesses may have to increase their provisions for loan losses or sound receivables 
substantially in the future as a result of deteriorating economic conditions or other causes. Any 
significant increase in provisions for loan losses or a significant change in BNPP's estimate of the 
risk of loss inherent in its portfolio of non‑impaired loans, as well as the occurrence of loan losses 
in excess of the related provisions, could have a material adverse effect on BNPP's results of 
operations and financial condition. 
For reference, at 31 December 2021, the ratio of doubtful loans to total loans outstanding was 2.0% 
and the coverage ratio of these doubtful commitments (net of guarantees received) by provisions 
was 73.6%, against 2.1% and 71.5%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020.  These two ratios are 
defined in Chapter 5.1 (Key figures) of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in 
English). 
While BNPP seeks to reduce its exposure to credit risk and counterparty risk by using risk mitigation 
techniques such as collateralisation, obtaining guarantees, entering into credit derivatives and 
entering into netting agreements, it cannot be certain that these techniques will be effective to offset 
losses resulting from counterparty defaults that are covered by these techniques. Moreover, BNPP is 
also exposed to the risk of default by the party providing the credit risk coverage (such as a 
counterparty in a derivative or a loan insurance contract) or to the risk of loss of value of any 
collateral. In addition, only a portion of BNPP's overall credit risk and counterparty risk is covered 
by these techniques. Accordingly, BNPP has very significant exposure to these risks. 
(b)
The soundness and conduct of other financial institutions and market participants could adversely 
affect BNPP. 
BNPP's ability to engage in financing, investment and derivative transactions could be adversely 
affected by the soundness of other financial institutions or market participants. Financial institutions 
are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, funding or other relationships. As a 
result, defaults by one or more states or financial institutions, or even rumours or questions about 
one or more financial institutions, or the financial services industry generally, may lead to

--- Page 80 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 80 - 
market‑wide liquidity problems and could lead to further losses or defaults. BNPP  has exposure to 
many counterparties in the financial industry, directly and indirectly, including clearing houses, 
brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and alternative investment funds, 
and other institutional clients with which it regularly executes transactions. BNPP may also be 
exposed to risks related to the increasing involvement in the financial sector of players and the 
introduction of new types of transactions subject to little or no regulation (e.g. unregulated funds, 
trading venues or crowdfunding platforms). Credit and counterparty risks could be exacerbated if 
the collateral held by BNPP cannot be realised, it decreases in value, or it is liquidated at prices not 
sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to BNPP or in the event 
of a failure of a significant financial market participant such as a central counterparty. 
For reference, counterparty risk exposure related to financial institutions was EUR 29 billion at 
31 December 2021, or 13% of BNPP 's total counterparty risk exposure, and counterparty risk 
exposure related to clearing houses was EUR 54 billion, or 24% of BNPP's total counterparty risk 
exposure. 
In addition, fraud or misconduct by financial market participants can have a material adverse effect 
on financial institutions due in particular to the interrelated nature of the financial markets. An 
example is the fraud perpetrated by Bernard Madoff that came to light in 2008, as a result of which 
numerous financial institutions globally, including BNPP , announced losses or exposure to losses 
in substantial amounts. BNPP  remains the subject of various claims in connection with the Madoff 
matter; see note 6.b Legal proceedings and arbitration to the consolidated financial statements for 
the period ended 30 June 2022, which are set out in the Fourth Amendment to the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English). 
Losses resulting from the risks summarised above could materially and adversely affect BNPP's 
results of operations. 
7.2.  
Operational Risk
BNPP’s operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from failed or inadequate internal processes 
(particularly those involving personnel and information systems) or external events, whether 
deliberate, accidental or natural (floods, fires, earthquakes, terrorist attacks, etc.). BNPP’s 
operational risks cover fraud, human resources risks, legal and reputational risks, non-compliance 
risks, tax risks, information systems risks, risk of providing inadequate financial services (conduct 
risk), risk of failure of operational processes including credit processes, or from the use of a model 
(model risk), as well as potential financial consequences related to reputation risk management. From 
2013-2021, BNPP’s main type of incidents involving operational risk were in "Clients, products and 
business practices", which represents more than half of the total financial impact, largely as a result 
of BNPP's agreement with US authorities regarding its review of certain dollar transactions 
concluded in June 2014.  Process failures, including errors in execution or processing of transactions 
and external fraud are respectively the second and third types of incidents with the highest financial 
impact. Between 2013 and 2021, other types of risk in operational risk consisted of external fraud 
(14%), business disruption and systems failure (3%), employment practices and workplace safety 
(2%), internal fraud (1%) and damage to physical assets (1%). 
The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 63 billion at 31 December 
2021, representing 9% of BNPP's total risk-weighted assets, compared to EUR 71 billion at 
31 December 2020 and EUR 62 billion at 30 June 2022, or 8% of the total risk-weighted assets of 
BNPP. 
(a)
BNPP’s risk management policies, procedures and methods may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks, which could lead to material losses.

--- Page 81 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 81 - 
BNPP has devoted significant resources to developing its risk management policies, procedures and 
assessment methods and intends to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, BNPP's risk 
management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk exposure in 
all economic and market environments or against all types of risk, particularly risks that BNPP  may 
have failed to identify or anticipate. BNPP ’s ability to assess the creditworthiness of its customers 
or to estimate the values of its assets may be impaired if, as a result of market turmoil such as that 
experienced in recent years, the models and approaches it uses become less predictive of future 
behaviour, valuations, assumptions or estimates. Some of BNPP's qualitative tools and metrics for 
managing risk are based on its use of observed historical market behaviour. BNPP  applies statistical 
and other tools to these observations to arrive at quantifications of its risk exposures. The process 
BNPP  uses to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure or estimate the value of certain assets 
requires difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions 
and how these economic predictions might impair the ability of its borrowers to repay their loans or 
impact the value of assets, which may, during periods of market disruption or substantial uncertainty, 
be incapable of accurate estimation and, in turn, impact the reliability of the process. These tools and 
metrics may fail to predict future risk exposures, e.g. if BNPP  does not anticipate or correctly 
evaluate certain factors in its statistical models, or upon the occurrence of an event deemed extremely 
unlikely by the tools and metrics. This would limit BNPP's ability to manage its risks. BNPP’s losses 
could therefore be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. In addition, BNPP's 
quantified modelling does not take all risks into account. Its more qualitative approach to managing 
certain risks could prove insufficient, exposing it to material unanticipated losses. 
(b)
An interruption in or a breach of BNPP’s information systems may cause substantial losses of client 
or customer information, damage to the BNP Paribas Group’s reputation and result in financial 
losses. 
As with most other banks, BNPP relies heavily on communications and information systems to 
conduct its business. This dependency has increased with the spread of mobile and online banking 
services, the development of cloud computing and more generally the use of new technologies. Any 
failure or interruption or breach in security of these systems could result in failures or interruptions 
in BNPP’s customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, servicing and/or loan 
organisation systems or could cause BNPP to incur significant costs in recovering and verifying lost 
data. BNPP cannot provide assurances that such failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do 
occur, that they will be adequately addressed. 
In addition, BNPP is subject to cybersecurity risk, or risk caused by a malicious and/or fraudulent 
act, committed virtually, with the intention of manipulating information (confidential data, 
bank/insurance, technical or strategic), processes and users, in order to cause material losses to 
BNPP’s subsidiaries, employees, partners and clients and/or for the purpose of extortion 
(ransomware). An increasing number of companies (including financial institutions) have in recent 
years experienced intrusion attempts or even breaches of their information technology security, some 
of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks on their computer networks. 
Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorised access, disable or degrade service, steal 
confidential data or sabotage information systems have become more sophisticated, change 
frequently and often are not recognised until launched against a target, BNPP and its third‑party 
service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement in a timely manner 
effective and efficient countermeasures. 
Any failures of or interruptions in BNPP’s information systems or those of its providers and any 
subsequent disclosure of confidential information related to any client, counterpart or employee of 
BNPP (or any other person) or any intrusion or attack against its communication system could cause 
significant losses and have an adverse effect on BNPP’s reputation, financial condition and results 
of operations.

--- Page 82 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 82 - 
Regulatory authorities now consider cybersecurity as a growing systemic risk for the financial sector. 
They have stressed the need for financial institutions to improve their resilience to cyber-attacks by 
strengthening internal IT monitoring and control procedures. A successful cyber-attack could 
therefore expose the BNP Paribas Group to a regulatory fine, especially should any personal data 
from customers be lost. 
Moreover, BNPP is exposed to the risk of operational failure or interruption of a clearing agent, 
foreign markets, clearing houses, custodian banks or any other financial intermediary or external 
service provider used by BNPP to execute or facilitate financial transactions. Due to its increased 
interaction with clients, BNPP is also exposed to the risk of operational malfunction of the latter’s 
information systems. BNPP's communications and data systems and those of its clients, service 
providers and counterparties may also be subject to malfunctions or interruptions by as a result of 
cyber-crime or cyber-terrorism.  BNPP cannot guarantee that these malfunctions or interruptions in 
its own systems or those of other parties will not occur or that in the event of a cyber-attack, these 
malfunctions or interruptions will be adequately resolved. These operational malfunctions or 
interruptions accounted for an average of 3% of operational risk losses over the 2013-2021 period. 
(c)
Reputational risk could weigh on BNPP’s financial strength and diminish the confidence of clients 
and counterparties in it. 
Considering the highly competitive environment in the financial services industry, a reputation for 
financial strength and integrity is critical to BNPP’s ability to attract and retain customers. BNPP’s 
reputation could be harmed it the means it uses to market and promote its products and services were 
deemed to be inconsistent with client interests. BNPP’s reputation could also be damaged if, as it 
increases its client base and the scale of its businesses,  its overall procedures and controls dealing 
with conflicts of interest fail, or appear to fail, to address them properly. Moreover, BNPP’s 
reputation could be damaged by employee misconduct, fraud or misconduct by financial industry 
participants to which BNPP is exposed, a restatement of, a decline in, or corrections to its results, as 
well as any adverse legal or regulatory action, such as the settlement BNPP entered into with the US 
authorities in 2014 for violations of US laws and regulations regarding economic sanctions. The loss 
of business that could result from damage to BNPP’s reputation could have an adverse effect on its 
results of operations and financial position. 
7.3 
Market Risk 
BNPP’s market risk is the risk of loss of value caused by an unfavourable trend in prices or market 
parameters. The parameters affecting BNPP’s market risk include, but are not limited to, exchange 
rates, prices of securities and commodities (whether the price is directly quoted or obtained by 
reference to a comparable asset), the price of derivatives on an established market and all 
benchmarks that can be derived from market quotations such as interest rates, credit spreads, 
volatility or implicit correlations or other similar parameters. 
BNPP is exposed to market risk mainly through trading activities carried out by the business lines 
of its Corporate & Institutional Banking (CIB) operating division, primarily in Global Markets, 
which represented 14.8% of BNPP’s revenue in 2021. BNPP’s trading activities are directly linked 
to economic relations with clients of these business lines, or indirectly as part of its market making 
activity. 
In addition, the market risk relating to BNPP’s banking activities covers its interest rate and foreign 
exchange rate risk in connection with its activities as a banking intermediary. The "operating" foreign 
exchange risk exposure relates to net earnings generated by activities conducted in currencies other 
than the functional currency of the entity concerned. The “structural” foreign exchange risk position 
of an entity relates to investments in currencies other than the functional currency. In measuring 
interest rate risk, BNPP defines the concepts of standard rate risk and structural rate risk as the 
following: the standard rate risk corresponds to the general case, namely when it is possible to define

--- Page 83 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 83 - 
the most appropriate hedging strategy for a given transaction, and the structural rate risk is the 
interest rate risk for equity and non-interest-bearing current accounts. 
BNP Paribas’ market risk based on its activities is measured by Value at Risk ("VaR") and various 
other market indicators (stressed VaR, Incremental Risk Charge, Comprehensive Risk Measure for 
credit correlation portfolio) as well as by stress tests and sensitivity analysis compared with market 
limits. 
The risk-weighted assets subject to this type of risk amounted to EUR 25 billion at 31 December 
2021, representing 3% of BNPP's total risk-weighted assets, compared to EUR 25 billion 
representing 4% of the total risk-weighted assets at 31 December 2020 and EUR 29 billion at 30 
June 2022, or 4% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPP. 
(a) 
The BNP Paribas Group may incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities due to 
market fluctuations and volatility. 
BNPP maintains trading and investment positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity 
markets, and in unlisted securities, real estate and other asset classes, including through derivative 
contracts. These positions could be adversely affected by extreme volatility in these markets, i.e. the 
degree to which prices fluctuate over a particular period in a particular market, regardless of market 
levels. Moreover, volatility trends that prove substantially different from BNPP's expectations may 
lead to losses relating to a broad range of other products that BNPP uses, including swaps, forward 
and future contracts, options and structured products. 
To the extent that BNPP owns assets, or has net long positions, in any of those markets, a market 
downturn could result in losses from a decline in the value of its positions. Conversely, to the extent 
that BNPP has sold assets that it does not own, or has net short positions in any of those markets, a 
market upturn could, in spite of the existing limitation of risks and control systems, expose BNPP to 
potentially substantial losses as it attempts to cover its net short positions by acquiring assets in a 
rising market. BNPP may from time to time hold a long position in one asset and a short position in 
another, in order to hedge transactions with clients and/or  in view of benefiting from changes in the 
relative value of the two assets. If, however, the relative value of the two assets changes in a direction 
or manner that BNPP did not anticipate or against which its positions are not hedged, it might realise 
a loss on those paired positions. Such losses, if significant, could adversely affect BNPP's results 
and financial condition. In addition, BNPP's hedging strategies may not be suitable for certain market 
conditions. 
If any of the variety of instruments and strategies that BNPP uses to hedge its exposure to various 
types of risk in its businesses is not effective, the Group may incur losses. Many of its strategies are 
based on historical trading patterns and correlations. For example, if BNPP holds a long position in 
an asset, it may hedge that position by taking a short position in another asset where the short position 
has historically moved in a direction that would offset a change in the value of the long position. 
However, the hedge may only be partial, or the strategies used may not protect against all future 
risks or may not be fully effective in mitigating BNPP’s risk exposure in all market environments or 
against all types of risk in the future. Unexpected market developments may also reduce the 
effectiveness of BNPP’s hedging strategies, as shown by the losses incurred by the Group’s equity 
derivatives activities in the first quarter of 2020, due in particular to the market environment and the 
ECB decisions on dividend distributions. In addition, the manner in which gains and losses resulting 
from certain ineffective hedges are recorded may result in additional volatility in BNPP’s reported 
earnings. 
BNPP uses a VaR model to quantify its exposure to potential losses from market risks, and also 
performs stress testing with a view to quantifying its potential exposure in extreme scenarios (see 
Chapter 5.7 (Market Risk –Market Risk Stress Testing Framework) in the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English)). However, these techniques rely on statistical methodologies 
based on historical observations, which may turn out to be unreliable predictors of future market

--- Page 84 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 84 - 
conditions. Accordingly, BNPP’s exposure to market risk in extreme scenarios could be greater than 
the exposures predicted by its quantification techniques. 
(b) 
The BNP Paribas Group may generate lower revenues from commission and fee based businesses 
during market downturns and declines in activity. 
Commissions represented 23% of BNPP’s total revenues in 2021. Financial and economic 
conditions affect the number and size of transactions for which BNPP provides securities 
underwriting, financial advisory and other Investment Banking services. These revenues, which 
include fees from these services, are directly related to the number and size of the transactions in 
which BNPP participates and can thus be significantly affected by economic or financial changes 
that are unfavourable to its Investment Banking business and clients. In addition, because the fees 
that BNPP charges for managing its clients’ portfolios are in many cases based on the value or 
performance of those portfolios, a market downturn that reduces the value of its clients’ portfolios 
or increases the amount of withdrawals would reduce the revenues it receives from its asset 
management, equity derivatives and Private Banking businesses. Independently of market changes, 
the development of index portfolios or below-market performance by BNPP’s mutual funds may 
lead to reduced revenues from BNPP's asset management business, and increased withdrawals and 
reduced inflows. A reduced level of revenues from the abovementioned commission and fee-based 
businesses may have a material adverse impact on BNPP's financial results.   
(c)
Adjustments to the carrying value of BNPP’s securities and derivatives portfolios and BNPP’s own 
debt could have an adverse effect on its net income and shareholders’ equity. 
The carrying value of BNPP’s securities and derivatives portfolios and certain other assets, as well 
as its own debt, in its balance sheet is adjusted as of each financial statement date. As at 31 December 
2021, on the assets side of BNPP’s balance sheet, financial instruments at fair value through profit 
or loss, derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes and financial assets at fair value 
through shareholders’ equity amounted to  EUR 683 billion, EUR 9 billion and EUR 46 billion 
respectively. In the liabilities column, financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and 
derivative financial instruments used for hedging purposes amounted to EUR 714billion and EUR 
10 billion, respectively, at 31 December 2021. Most of the adjustments are made on the basis of 
changes in fair value of BNPP’s assets or debt during an accounting period, with the changes 
recorded either in the income statement or directly in shareholders’ equity. Changes that are recorded 
in the income statement, to the extent not offset by opposite changes in the value of other assets, 
affect BNPP’s consolidated revenues and, as a result, its net income.  A downward adjustment of 
the fair value of BNPP's securities and derivatives portfolios may lead to reduced shareholders’ 
equity and, to the extent not offset by opposite changes in the value of BNPP's liabilities, BNPP’s 
capital adequacy ratios may also be lowered. The fact that fair value adjustments are recorded in one 
accounting period does not mean that further adjustments will not be needed in subsequent periods.
7.4 
Liquidity and funding risk 
(a)
BNPP's access to and cost of funding could be adversely affected by a resurgence of financial crises, 
worsening economic conditions, rating downgrades, increases in sovereign credit spreads 
or other factors. 
The financial crisis, the euro zone sovereign debt crisis as well as the general macroeconomic 
environment, at times adversely affected the availability and cost of funding for European banks 
around ten years ago. This was due to several factors, including a sharp increase in the perception of 
bank credit risk due to exposure to sovereign debt in particular, credit rating downgrades of 
sovereigns and of banks, and debt market speculation. Many European banks, including BNPP, at 
various points during these periods experienced restricted access to wholesale debt markets for 
institutional investors and to the interbank market, as well as a general increase in their cost of 
funding. In the context of the health crisis, the European Central Bank ("ECB") also set up

--- Page 85 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 85 - 
refinancing facilities designed to foster the banks' financing of the economy (targeted longer-term 
refinancing options or "TLTRO"), on which BNPP has drawn. Such adverse credit market 
conditions may reappear in the event of a recession, prolonged stagnation of growth, deflation, 
"stagflation" (sluggish growth accompanied by inflation), resurgence of the financial crisis, another 
sovereign debt crisis, new forms of financial crises, factors relating to the financial industry or the 
economy in general (including the economic consequences of the health crisis or the invasion of 
Ukraine and its impact on the world economy (including inflation)) or to BNPP in particular. In this 
case, the effect on the liquidity of the European financial sector in general and BNPP in particular 
could be materially adverse and have a negative impact on BNPP's results of operations and financial 
condition. 
(b)
Protracted market declines can reduce BNPP’s liquidity, making it harder to sell assets and possibly 
leading to material losses. Accordingly, BNPP must ensure that its assets and liabilities properly 
match in order to avoid exposure to losses. 
In some of BNPP's businesses, particularly Global Markets (which represented 14.8% of BNPP’s 
revenue in 2021) and Asset/Liability Management, protracted market movements, particularly asset 
price declines, can reduce the level of activity in the market or reduce market liquidity. These 
developments can lead to material losses if BNPP cannot close out deteriorating positions in a timely 
way. This is particularly true for assets that are intrinsically illiquid. Assets that are not traded on 
stock exchanges or other public trading markets, such as certain derivative contracts between 
financial institutions, may have values that BNPP calculates using models rather than 
publicly‑quoted prices. Monitoring the deterioration of prices of assets like these is difficult and 
could lead to significant unanticipated losses (see Chapter 5.8 (Liquidity risk – Stress tests and 
liquidity reserve) in the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English)).  
BNPP is exposed to the risk that the maturity, interest rate or currencies of its assets might not match 
those of its liabilities. The timing of payments on certain of BNPP's assets is uncertain, and if BNPP 
receives lower revenues than expected at a given time, it might require additional market funding in 
order to meet its obligations on its liabilities. While BNPP imposes strict limits on the gaps between 
its assets and its liabilities as part of its risk management procedures, it cannot be certain that these 
limits will be fully effective to eliminate potential losses arising from asset and liability mismatches. 
(c) 
Any downgrade of the Group’s credit ratings could weigh heavily on the profitability of the Group. 
Credit ratings have a significant impact on BNPP's liquidity. On 25 April 2022, Standard & Poor's 
confirmed the long-term rating of BNPP's deposits and senior preferred debt rating as A+, confirmed 
its short-term rating as A-1 and revised the outlook from negative to stable. On 23 September 2021, 
Fitch maintained its long-term deposits and senior preferred debt rating for BNPP at AA- and F1+, 
and revised its outlook to stable. On 5 July 2022, Moody's confirmed its long-term deposits and 
senior preferred debt rating as Aa3, and confirmed its short-term rating as P-1, with a stable outlook. 
On 28 June 2022, DBRS confirmed BNPP's senior preferred debt rating as AA(low), as well as its 
short-term rating as R-1(middle) with a stable outlook. A downgrade in BNPP's credit rating could 
affect the liquidity and competitive position of BNPP. It could also increase BNPP's borrowing costs, 
limit access to the capital markets or trigger additional obligations under its covered bonds or under 
certain bilateral provisions in some trading, derivative or collateralised financing contacts. 
In addition, BNPP’s cost of obtaining long‑term unsecured funding from market investors is also 
directly related to its credit spreads, which in turn depend to a certain extent on its credit ratings. 
Increases in credit spreads can significantly increase BNPP's cost of funding. Changes in credit 
spreads are continuous, market‑driven, and subject at times to unpredictable and highly volatile 
movements. Credit spreads are also influenced by market perceptions of BNPP’s creditworthiness. 
Furthermore, credit spreads may be influenced by movements in the cost to purchasers of credit

--- Page 86 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 86 - 
default swaps referenced to BNPP’s debt obligations, which are influenced both by the credit quality 
of those obligations, and by a number of market factors that are beyond the control of BNPP. 
7.5
Risks related to the macroeconomic and market environment 
(a) 
Adverse economic and financial conditions have in the past had and may in the future have an impact 
on the BNP Paribas Group and the markets in which it operates. 
BNPP’s business is sensitive to changes in the financial markets and more generally to economic 
conditions in France (32% of BNPP's revenues at 31 December 2021), other countries in Europe 
(45% of BNPP's revenues at 31 December 2021) and the rest of the world (23% of BNPP's revenues 
at 31 December 2021, including 5% related to activities of Bank of the West in the United States). 
A deterioration in economic conditions in the markets in countries where BNPP operates and in the 
economic environment could in the future have, some or all of the following impacts:

adverse economic conditions affecting the business and operations of BNPP’s customers, 
reducing credit demand and trading volume and resulting in an increased rate of default on 
loans and other receivables, in part as a result of the deterioration of the financial capacity 
of companies and households; 

a decline in market prices of bonds, equities and commodities affecting the businesses of 
BNPP, including in particular trading, investment banking and asset management revenues;  

macroeconomic policies adopted in response to actual or anticipated economic conditions 
having unintended effects, and are likely to impact market parameters such as interest rates 
and foreign exchange rates, which in turn can affect BNPP’s businesses that are most 
exposed to market risk;  

perceived favourable economic conditions generally or in specific business sectors resulting 
in asset price bubbles and subsequent corrections when conditions become less favourable;  

a significant economic disruption (such as the global financial crisis of 2008 or the European 
sovereign debt crisis of 2011 or the recession caused since 2020 by Covid-19 or high 
inflation and rising interest rates as well as geopolitical shocks (the invasion of Ukraine in 
2022)) having a substantial impact on all of BNPP’s activities, particularly if the disruption 
is characterised by an absence of market liquidity that makes it difficult to sell certain 
categories of assets at their estimated market value or at all. These disruptions could also 
lead to a decline in transaction commissions and consumer loans; and 

a significant deterioration of market and economic conditions resulting from, among other 
things, adverse political and geopolitical events such as natural disasters, geopolitical 
tensions, health risks such as the coronavirus pandemic and its aftermath, the fear or 
recurrence of new epidemics or pandemics, acts of terrorism, societal unrest, cyber-attacks, 
military conflicts or threats thereof and related risks (in particular, the ongoing war in 
Ukraine and related sanctions), may affect the operating environment for BNPP episodically 
or for extended periods.
Since 2020, economies and financial markets have continued to be particularly sensitive to a number 
of factors, including the evolution of the coronavirus pandemic and its economic consequences, in 
particular the increase in sovereign and corporate debt that pre-dated the health crisis and has been 
aggravated by it, as well as the strength and staying power of the economic recovery following crisis’ 
peak, which is itself dependent on a number of factors (see paragraph 7.7(a), "Epidemics and 
pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic and their economic 
consequences may adversely affect the BNP Paribas Group’s business, operations, results and 
financial condition" below.

--- Page 87 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 87 - 
In addition, numerous factors are currently affecting or may continue to affect the economy and the 
financial markets in the coming months or years, in particular geopolitical tensions or shocks 
(notably in Eastern Europe, and in particular, the invasion of Ukraine as discussed below), political 
risks directly affecting Europe, general trends in consumer and commodity prices characterised by 
very high inflation, corresponding trends in wages, supply chain pressures, the changing economic 
situation in certain countries or regions that contribute to overall global economic growth, tensions 
around international trade and, as discussed below, the evolution of monetary policy and interest 
rates (these elements themselves being affected by the above-mentioned factors). 
In particular, the invasion of Ukraine, as well as the reaction of the international community, have 
been, continue to be, and could continue to be a source of instability for Global Markets, depressing 
stock market indices, inflating commodity prices (notably oil, gas and agricultural products, such as 
wheat), aggravating supply chain disruption and causing an increase in production costs and inflation 
more generally. These events have had, and are expected to continue to have, economic and financial 
repercussions that will increase inflation and decrease global growth and BNPP and its clients could 
be adversely affected as a result. 
More generally, the volatility of financial markets could adversely affect BNPP’s trading and 
investment positions in the debt, currency, commodity and equity markets, as well as its positions in 
other investments. For reference, Global Markets accounted for 14.8% of BNPP’s revenues in 2021. 
Severe market disruptions and extreme market volatility have occurred often in recent years and may 
occur again in the future, which could result in significant losses for BNPP. Such losses may extend 
to a broad range of trading and hedging products, including swaps, forward and future contracts, 
options and structured products. The volatility of financial markets makes it difficult to predict trends 
and implement effective trading strategies. 
It is difficult to predict economic or market declines or other market disruptions, and which markets 
will be most significantly impacted. If economic or market conditions in France or elsewhere in 
Europe, or global markets more generally, deteriorate, or become increasingly volatile, BNPP’s 
operations could be disrupted, and its business, results of operations and financial condition could 
be adversely affected. 
(b) 
Significant interest rate changes could adversely affect BNPP’s revenues or profitability. There are 
risks associated with exiting or remaining in a prolonged low interest rate environment. 
The net interest income recorded by BNPP during any given period significantly affects its overall 
revenues and profitability for that period. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond 
BNPP’s control, such as the rate of inflation, country-specific monetary policies and certain 
decisions concerning regulatory capital. Changes in market interest rates could affect the interest 
rates charged on interest-earning assets differently from the interest rates paid on interest-bearing 
liabilities.  Increases in the interest rates at which BNPP’s short-term funding is available and 
maturity mismatches may adversely affect its profitability.  Conversely, any adverse change in the 
yield curve could cause a decline in net interest income generated by BNPP's lending activities. 
Nomalisation or tightening of monetary policy following a prolonged period of low interest rates 
creates risks. Tightening more than expected or more quickly than expected could have a negative 
impact on the economy and lead to a recession. In the euro zone, which has up until now been 
characterised by a unified monetary policy despite the varying risk profiles of the component 
countries, the widening of the spread between sovereign bonds could have an impact on the financing 
of countries experiencing the greatest rate increases and, in the long term, could have more serious 
macroeconomic consequences. In addition, a general increase in key interest rates could prompt 
holders of low-interest debt or assets to switch to higher-interest bearing assets and further reduce 
the value of portfolios of fixed-interest debt or assets with lower interest rates. If BNPP's hedging 
strategies prove ineffective or provide only a partial hedge against this decline in value, BNPP could 
incur losses. Policy decisions to increase the rate of return on regulated savings (already underway 
in France) should increase the positive inflow of funds into such investments and, conversely, lead

--- Page 88 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 88 - 
to a shift away from unregulated products, which earn lower rates of return or no returns. Such a 
scenario, combined with the fact that regulated savings would continue to be remunerated at a higher 
level than the level received by BNPP for these same deposits, could result in additional costs related 
to the amount of outstanding deposits and lead to a decrease in the funding resources of BNPP. With 
respect to the financing granted by BNPP, this could in particular test the resilience of BNPP's loan 
and bond portfolio, and possibly lead to an increase in non-performing loans and loan defaults. In 
addition, rising interest rates increase the cost of BNPP's funding resources and lead to higher market 
rates for originated loans under the combined effects of a possible decline in new production and 
increased competition. 
More generally, the gradual evolution of monetary policies, as currently implemented by central 
banks, has contributed to, and could continue to contribute to, the correction of certain markets or 
market sectors (for example, non-investment grade borrowers and sovereign borrowers, and certain 
equity and real estate markets) and impact market participants who have particularly benefited from 
a prolonged environment of low interest rates and abundant liquidity. These corrections have, and 
could continue to, spread to all financial markets, particularly due to a significant increase in 
volatility. 
A return in the medium term to a low interest rate environment, or a decline in interest rates, 
particularly following a recession, cannot be ruled out. Such a development would be likely to weigh 
significantly on the profitability of banks, as was the case during the recent long period of low 
interest rates. The relative impact on banks depends in particular on the proportion of revenues 
generated by net interest income; this proportion was 46% for BNP Paribas in 2021 (see the 
Consolidated Income Statement for the year 2021 - IFRS 5 Transition Table in Chapter 3 of the 
BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English)).  During periods of low interest rates, 
interest rate spreads tend to tighten, and BNPP may be unable to lower interest rates on deposits 
sufficiently to offset reduced income from lending at lower interest rates. Net interest income 
amounted to EUR 21,312 million in 2020 and EUR 21,209 million in 2021 respectively. On an 
indicative basis, over one-, two- and three-year timeframes, the sensitivity of revenues at 
31 December 2021 to a parallel, instantaneous and definitive increase in market rates of +50 basis 
points (+0.5%) across all currencies has an impact of +EUR 127 million, +EUR 537 million and 
+EUR 694 million, respectively, or +0.3%, +1.2% and +1.5% of the Group’s net banking income. 
The negative interest rate environment in which banks are charged for cash deposited with central 
banks, whereas banks typically do not charge clients for deposits, weighs significantly on banks’ 
margins. In addition, BNPP has been facing and may continue to face an increase in early repayment 
and refinancing of mortgages and other fixed‑rate consumer and corporate loans as clients take 
advantage of relatively low borrowing costs. This, along with the issuance of new loans at the low 
prevailing market interest rates, has resulted and may continue to result in a decrease in the average 
interest rate of BNPP’s portfolio of loans thereby causing a decline in its net interest income from 
lending activities. Moreover, an environment of persistently low interest rates can also have the 
effect of flattening the yield curve in the market more generally, which could reduce the premium 
generated by BNPP from its funding activities. A flattening yield curve can also influence financial 
institutions to engage in riskier activities in an effort to earn the desired level of returns, which can 
increase overall market risk and volatility. Low interest rates may also affect the profitability and 
even the solvency of the insurance activities of French banks, including BNPP, particularly due to 
the prevalence in the market of life insurance contracts backed by euro-denominated funds, which 
may not be able to generate sufficient returns to be competitive with other investment products. Low 
interest rates may also adversely affect commissions charged by BNPP’s asset management 
subsidiaries on money market and other fixed income products. A reduction in credit spreads and 
decline in Retail Banking income resulting from lower portfolio interest rates may adversely affect 
the profitability of BNPP’s retail banking operations. 
(c) 
Given the global scope of its activities, BNPP is exposed to country risk and to changes in the 
political, macroeconomic or financial contexts of a region or country. 
BNPP is subject to country risk, meaning the risk that economic, financial, political or social 
conditions in a given foreign country in which it operates could adversely affect BNPP's operations, 
its results, its financial condition or its business. BNPP monitors country risk and takes it into 
account in the fair value adjustments and cost of risk recorded in its financial statements. However,

--- Page 89 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 89 - 
a significant change in political or macroeconomic environments may require it to record additional 
charges or to incur losses beyond the amounts previously written down in its financial statements. 
In addition, factors specific to a country or region in which BNPP operates could make it difficult 
for it to carry out its business and lead to losses or impairment of assets. 
At 31 December 2021, BNPP’s loan portfolio consisted of receivables from borrowers located in 
France (32%), Belgium and Luxembourg (16%), Italy (9%), other European countries (19%), North 
America, including Bank of the West, (13%), Asia (6%) and the rest of the world (5%). Adverse 
conditions that particularly affect these countries and regions would have a significant impact on 
BNPP. In addition, BNPP has significant exposures in countries outside the OECD, which are 
subject to risks that include political instability, unpredictable regulation and taxation, expropriation 
and other risks that are less present in more developed economies. 
In addition, BNPP is present in Ukraine, a country invaded in February 2022, through its subsidiary 
UkrSibbank in which it holds a 60% stake alongside the European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development (40%). At 31 December 2021, UkrSibbank’s balance sheet totalled approximately 
0.08% of that of BNPP. The total equity of the subsidiary represented approximately 0.15% of 
consolidated equity of BNPP's share. At 31 December 2021, BNPP generated less than 0.5% of its 
pre-tax profit in Ukraine (see Chapter 8.6 (Information on locations and businesses in 2021) of the 
BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English)). BNPP's total gross on- and off-balance 
sheet exposures to Ukraine (which are concentrated on UkrSibbank) represented less than 0.09% of 
BNPP's gross exposures. The situation in Ukraine has profoundly changed the continuing operations 
of local banks, which – since 24 February 2022 – are focused on the provision of payment 
instruments and services critical to the economy within the framework of the new regulations 
introduced by the central bank. In this context, BNPP has estimated that as of 31 March 2022, it 
exerts significant influence over the entity within the meaning of the applicable accounting 
standards. Consequently, in accordance with applicable accounting standards, BNPP has recorded, 
as of 31 March 2022, a 90% impairment of its shares in UkrSibbank amounting to EUR -159 million, 
as well as a loss of EUR 274 million relating to the recycling of the conversion reserve. 
With regard to Russia, which is subject to severe economic sanctions imposed notably by the 
European Union, the United States of America and the United Kingdom, gross on- and off balance 
sheet exposures represented less than 0.07% of BNPP's gross exposures. The amount of net residual 
exposures, both in Russia and Ukraine, is more limited given the way in which BNPP operates in 
these two markets and how it secures its activities, with guarantees and collateral. In addition, 
various customers or counterparties of BNPP, in particular financial institutions and corporates,  
conduct business in these countries or have exposure to borrowers in these countries or have 
significant suppliers in those countries and could see their financial position weakened by the 
conflict and its consequences, particularly due to the cessation of their business in Ukraine and/or 
Russia or the reduction or termination (voluntarily or involuntarily) of their supplies from these 
countries. BNPP is diligently monitoring developments in the situation in conjunction with the 
authorities concerned and, in particular, the reactions of the international community with regard to 
economic sanctions. 
7.6 
Regulatory Risks 
(a)
Laws and regulations adopted in recent years,  as well as current and future legislative and 
regulatory developments, may significantly impact BNPP and the financial and economic 
environment in which it operates. 
Laws and regulations have been enacted in the past few years, in particular in France, Europe and 
the United States, with a view to introducing a number of changes, some permanent, in the financial 
environment. The impact of the measures has changed substantially the environment in which BNPP 
and other financial institutions operate.

--- Page 90 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 90 - 
The measures that have been adopted include: 

more stringent capital and liquidity requirements (particularly for global systemically 
important banks such as BNPP), as well as changes to the risk-weighting methodologies and 
the methods of using internal models that have led, could have led or could lead to increased 
capital requirements; 

restrictions on certain types of activities considered as speculative undertaken by 
commercial banks that are prohibited or need to be ring fenced in subsidiaries (particularly 
proprietary trading) and are subject to prudential requirements and autonomous funding; 

prohibitions or restrictions on fees for certain types of financial products or activities; 

enhanced recovery and resolution regimes, in particular the Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive of 15 May 2014 (the "BRRD"), as amended from time to time, which strengthens 
powers to prevent and resolve banking crises in order to ensure that losses are borne largely 
by the creditors and shareholders of the banks and in order to keep the costs incurred by 
taxpayers to a minimum; 

the establishment of the national resolution funds by the BRRD and the creation of the 
Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") by the European Parliament and Council of the 
European Union in a resolution dated 15 July 2014 (the "SRM Regulation"), as amended 
from time to time, which can initiate resolution proceedings for banking institutions such as 
BNPP, and the Single Resolution Fund (the "SRF"), the financing of which by BNPP (up 
to its annual contribution) can be significant; 

the establishment of national deposit guarantee schemes and a proposed European deposit 
guarantee scheme or deposit insurance which will gradually cover all or part of the 
guarantee schemes of participating countries; 

increased internal control and reporting requirements with respect to certain activities; 

the implementation of regulatory stress tests (including in relation to climate change risk) 
which could lead to additional regulatory capital requirements (see Chapter 5.7 (Market 
Risk Stress Testing Framework) in the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in 
English)); 

greater powers granted to the relevant authorities to combat money laundering and terrorism 
financing; 

more stringent governance and conduct of business rules and restrictions and increased 
taxes on employee compensation over specified levels; 

measures to improve the transparency, efficiency and integrity of financial markets and in 
particular the regulation of high frequency trading, more extensive market abuse 
regulations, increased regulation of certain types of financial products including mandatory 
reporting of derivative and securities financing transactions, requirements either to 
mandatorily clear, or otherwise mitigate risks in relation to, OTC derivative transactions 
(including through posting of collateral in respect of non centrally cleared derivatives); 

the taxation of financial transactions;  

enhanced protection of personal data and cybersecurity requirements;

--- Page 91 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 91 - 

enhanced disclosure requirements, including through the introduction of new disclosure 
requirements on (i) how banking groups providing asset management services, such as 
BNPP, integrate sustainability risks or negative impacts, sustainable investment objectives 
or the promotion of environmental or social attributes when making investment decisions, 
and (ii) how and to what extent banking groups themselves finance or develop economic 
activities that can be considered environmentally sustainable as defined in the European 
Taxonomy; 

the introduction of new requirements for the integration of climate risk into the risk 
measurement and management systems of banking groups, including through the 
publication of proposals for banks to manage and disclose climate risk; and 

strengthening the powers of supervisory bodies, such as the French Prudential Supervision 
and Resolution Authority (the "ACPR") and the creation of new authorities, including the 
adoption of the Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM") in October 2013, pursuant to 
which BNPP is under the direct supervision of the ECB. 
These measures may have a significant adverse impact. For example, the introduction of a required 
contribution to the Single Resolution Fund resulted in a substantial additional expense for BNPP 
(BNPP made a €967 million contribution to the Single Resolution Fund in 2021). 
Measures relating to the banking sector could be further amended, expanded or strengthened. 
Moreover, additional measures could be adopted in other areas. It is impossible to predict what 
additional measures will be adopted or what their exact content will be, and, given the complexity 
of the issues and  the uncertainty of surrounding them,, to determine their impact on BNPP. The 
effect of these measures, whether already adopted or that may in the future, has been and could 
continue to be a decrease in BNPP’s ability to allocate its capital and capital resources to financing, 
limit its ability to diversify risks, reduce the availability of certain financing and liquidity resources, 
increase the cost of financing, increase the cost of compliance, increase the cost or reduce the demand 
for the products and services offered by BNPP, require BNPP to proceed with internal 
reorganisations, structural changes or reallocations, affect the ability of BNPP to carry on certain 
activities or to attract and/or retain talent and, more generally, affect its competitiveness and 
profitability, which could have an impact on its activities, financial condition and operating results.  
As a recent example, on 27 October 2021, the European Commission presented a legislative package 
to finalise the implementation within the European Union of the Basel III agreement adopted by the 
Group of Central Bank Governors and Heads of Supervision (GHOS) on 7 December 2017 This 
legislative package will in the next stage be discussed by the European Parliament and Council with 
a view to agreeing on a final text. In the impact assessment accompanying the legislative package, 
the European Commission estimated, on the basis of a European Banking Authority ("EBA") impact 
study dated December 2020 and of additional European Commission estimates for some EU specific 
adjustments, that the implementation of the final Basel III standards may result in an average increase 
in total minimum capital requirements ranging between 6.4% and 8.4% after a full implementation 
of the reform. On the basis of the EBA’s updated impact analysis taking into account the combined 
effect of the reform and the potential consequences of the health crisis, the European Commission 
opted to apply the new capital requirements to EU banks as from 1 January 2025, with a phase-in 
period during which the requirements will be gradually increased through 2030 (and 2032 for certain 
requirements). On this basis, BNPP has indicated a potential increase of 8% in its risk-weighted 
assets at the date of the first application announced for 1 January 2025, which implies a potential 8% 
increase in total minimum capital requirements resulting from the finalisation of Basel III (fully 
loaded). This estimate is subject to change depending on potential changes in the draft text, in BNPP 
and the macroeconomic context.

--- Page 92 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 92 - 
BNPP is subject to extensive and evolving regulatory regimes in the jurisdictions in which it 
operates. BNPP faces the risk of changes in legislation or regulation in all of the countries in which 
it operates, including, but not limited to, the following:  

monetary, liquidity, interest rate and other policies of central banks and regulatory 
authorities;  

changes in government or regulatory policy that may significantly influence investor 
decisions, in particular in the markets in which BNPP operates;  

changes in regulatory requirements applicable to the financial industry, such as rules relating 
to applicable governance, remunerations, capital adequacy and liquidity frameworks, 
restrictions on activities considered as speculative and recovery and resolution frameworks;  

changes in securities regulations as well as in financial reporting, disclosure and market 
abuse regulations;  

changes in the regulation of certain types of transactions and investments, such as 
derivatives and securities financing transactions and money market funds;  

changes in the regulation of market infrastructures, such as trading venues, central 
counterparties, central securities depositories, and payment and settlement systems;  

changes in the regulation of payment services, crowdfunding and fintech; changes in the 
regulation of protection of personal data and cybersecurity;  

changes in tax legislation or the application thereof; changes in accounting norms; changes 
in rules and procedures relating to internal controls, risk management and compliance; and  

expropriation, nationalisation, price controls, exchange controls, confiscation of assets and 
changes in legislation relating to foreign ownership. 
These changes, the scope and implications of which are highly unpredictable, could substantially 
affect BNPP and have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Certain reforms not directed specifically at financial institutions, such as measures relating to the 
funds industry or promoting technological innovation (such as open data projects), could facilitate 
the entry of new players in the financial services sector or otherwise affect BNPP’s business model, 
competitiveness and profitability, which could in turn affect its financial condition and results of 
operations. 
Finally, the regulatory accommodations implemented temporarily by national and European 
regulatory authorities in the context of the health crisis have either lapsed or are expected to lapse 
gradually, although their remaining course is not currently certain (see risk factor 7.7(a) "Epidemics 
and pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic and their economic 
consequences may adversely affect the BNP Paribas Group's business, operations, results and 
financial condition" below). 
(b)
BNPP may incur substantial fines and other administrative and criminal penalties for 
non‑compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and may also incur losses in related (or 
unrelated) litigation with private parties. 
BNPP is exposed to regulatory compliance risk, i.e. the failure to comply fully with the laws, 
regulations, codes of conduct, professional norms or recommendations applicable to the financial 
services industry. This risk is exacerbated by the adoption by different countries of multiple and 
occasionally diverging and even conflicting legal or regulatory requirements. Besides damage to 
BNPP’s reputation and private rights of action (including class actions), non‑compliance could lead

--- Page 93 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 93 - 
to material legal proceedings, fines and expenses (including fines and expenses in excess of recorded 
provisions), public reprimand, enforced suspension of operations or, in extreme cases, withdrawal 
by the authorities of operating licenses. This risk is further exacerbated by continuously increasing 
regulatory scrutiny of financial institutions as well as substantial increases in the quantum of 
applicable fines and penalties. Moreover, litigation by private parties against financial institutions 
has substantially increased in recent years. Accordingly, BNPP faces significant legal risk in its 
operations, and the volume and amount of damages claimed in litigation, regulatory proceedings and 
other adversarial proceedings against financial services firms have substantially increased in recent 
years and may increase further. BNPP may record provisions in this respect as indicated in note 4.p 
("Provisions for contingencies and charges") to the consolidated financial statements for the period 
ended 31 December 2021 which is set out in the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in 
English).  
In this respect, on 30 June 2014 BNPP entered into a series of agreements with, and was the subject 
of several orders issued by, US federal and New York state government agencies and regulatory 
authorities in settlement of investigations into violations of US laws and regulations regarding 
economic sanctions. The fines and penalties imposed on BNPP as part of this settlement included, 
among other things, the payment of monetary penalties amounting in the aggregate to 
USD 8.97 billion (EUR 6.6 billion) and guilty pleas by BNP Paribas S.A., the parent company of the 
BNP Paribas Group, to charges of having violated US federal criminal law and New York State 
criminal law. Following this settlement, BNPP remains subject to increased scrutiny by regulatory 
authorities (including via the presence of an independent consultant within BNPP) who are 
monitoring its compliance with a remediation plan agreed with them. 
BNPP is currently involved in various litigations and investigations as summarized in note 6.b Legal 
proceedings and arbitration to the consolidated financial statements for the period ended 30 June 
2022, which are set out in the Fourth Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English).  It may become involved in further such matters at any point. No assurance 
can be given that an adverse outcome in one or more of such matters would not have a material 
adverse effect on BNPP’s operating results for any particular period. 
(c)
BNPP could experience an unfavourable change in circumstances, causing it to become subject to 
a resolution proceeding: BNPP security holders could suffer losses as a result. 
The BRRD, SRM Regulation and the Ordinance of 20 August 2015, as amended from time to time, 
confer upon the ACPR or the SRB the power to commence resolution proceedings for a banking 
institution, such as BNPP, with a view to ensure the continuity of critical functions, to avoid the risks 
of contagion and to recapitalize or restore the viability of the institution. These powers are to be 
implemented so that, subject to certain exceptions, losses are borne first by shareholders, then by 
holders of additional capital instruments qualifying as Tier 1 and Tier 2 (such as subordinated 
bonds), then by the holders of non-preferred senior debt and finally by the holders of senior preferred 
debt, all in accordance with the order of their claims in normal insolvency proceedings. For 
reference, BNPP’s medium- to long-term wholesale financing at 31 December 2021 consisted of the 
following: EUR 10 billion in hybrid Tier 1 debt, EUR 23 billion in Tier 2 subordinated debt, EUR 
70 billion in senior unsecured non-preferred debt, EUR 69 billion in senior unsecured preferred debt 
and EUR 17 billion in senior secured debt. 
Resolution authorities have broad powers to implement resolution measures with respect to 
institutions and groups subject to resolution proceedings, which may include (without limitation): 
the total or partial sale of the institution’s business to a third party or a bridge institution, the 
separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt 
instruments, the full or partial write‑down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital instruments 
through the issuance of new equity, the full or partial write‑down or conversion into equity of debt 
instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or

--- Page 94 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 94 - 
the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), discontinuing 
the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments, the dismissal of managers or the 
appointment of a special manager (administrateur spécial). 
Certain powers, including the full or partial write‑down of capital instruments, the dilution of capital 
instruments through the issuance of new equity, the full or partial write‑down or conversion into 
equity of additional capital instruments qualifying as Tier 1 and Tier 2 (such as subordinated bonds), 
can also be exercised as a precautionary measure, outside of resolution proceedings and/or pursuant 
to the European Commission’s State Aid framework if the institution requires exceptional public 
financial support. 
The implementation of these tools and powers with respect to BNPP may result in significant 
structural changes to BNPP (including as a result of asset or business sales or the creation of bridge 
institutions) and in a partial or total write‑down, modification or variation of claims of shareholders 
and creditors. Such powers may also result, after any transfer of all or part of BNPP's business or 
separation of any of its assets, in the holders of securities (even in the absence of any such write‑down 
or conversion) being left as the creditors of BNPP whose remaining business or assets are insufficient 
to support the claims of all or any of the creditors of the BNP Paribas Group. 
7.7 
Risks related to the BNP Paribas Group's growth in its current environment 
(a)
Epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic, and their 
economic consequences may adversely affect the BNP Paribas Group’s business, operations, results 
and financial condition.  
A global pandemic linked to a novel strain of coronavirus (Covid-19) has severely disrupted 
economies and financial markets worldwide since 2020. The introduction of lockdown measures and 
other restrictions initially caused economies in many regions to contract, trade to decline, production 
capacity to decrease, growth forecasts to be cut and supply chains to be disrupted. In a second phase, 
the rollout of vaccination campaigns and the adaptation of economic actors allowed the gradual 
adaptation of these measures and restrictions, leading to a recovery in economic activity. As a result, 
various growth forecasts converge on a strong economic recovery.   
Nevertheless, uncertainties remain as to the strength and sustainability of the recovery of the public 
health situation (e.g. the appearance of new strains of the virus and the reaction to the containment 
measures adopted by some Asian countries in the first half of 2022) which could lead to a further 
deterioration of the situation.  Various complicating factors will continue to affect the trajectory of 
economic recovery. International supply chains, which had been strained severely by the pandemic-
related mobility restrictions, remain heavily disrupted, generating shortages of certain consumer 
goods (such as a dearth of semiconductors causing delays in the production of telephones and 
automobiles) and oil and gas supply and labour market constraints, having both specific (e.g. raw 
materials price increases) and general (i.e. inflation rate) effects on prices.  
Further, while various governments and central banks implemented and supplemented measures to 
support the economy and its recovery - in order to mitigate the adverse economic and market 
consequences of the pandemic there can be no assurance that such measures will suffice to redress 
the pandemic's negative impact on the regional or global economy over time, entirely compensate 
for or mitigate regional or global recessions (which occurred and could recur), or fully and over time 
prevent possible disruptions to the financial markets.  The lifting of government support measures 
could also harm economic activity and the financial strength of economic actors. Overall, the crisis 
has impacted and may continue to impact the economies of the principal countries where BNPP 
operates, particularly its Domestic Markets (France, Italy, Belgium and Luxembourg), which 
collectively represented 57% of its total gross credit exposures as of 31 December 2021. The BNP 
Paribas Group’s results and financial condition have been and could continue to be adversely 
impacted by the effects of the crisis related to the pandemic and the resulting disruption of economic 
activity in the BNP Paribas Group’s principal markets. In particular, the crisis significantly affected 
the BNP Paribas Group's cost of risk in 2020, reflecting macroeconomic projections based on various 
scenarios applying the framework in place prior to the crisis. Under this framework, macroeconomic

--- Page 95 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 95 - 
projections (specifically GDP estimates and forecasts) are key to calculating the cost of risk and the 
consequences of the health crisis included a decrease in GDP growth estimates for many of the BNP 
Paribas Group’s markets. The cost of risk calculation also takes into account the specific dynamics 
of the crisis in 2020, along with anticipated future impacts on credit and counterparty risk, including 
the consequences of lockdown measures on economic activity and the impact of government support 
measures and decisions. These factors contributed to the substantial increase in the BNP Paribas 
Group’s cost of risk in 2020 (66 basis points).  
The 2021 financial year showed an improvement with an increase in revenues of 4.4% to EUR 
46,235 million and an increase in net income attributable to the BNP Paribas Group due to the 
increase in Domestic Markets revenues (+5.2% compared to 2020) with the rebound of the economy 
and the resilience of CIB revenues (+3.4% compared to 2020), but also by the decrease in the cost 
of risk (-48.8% compared to 2020), particularly in connection with improving economic forecasts. 
Nevertheless, revenues in the International Financial Services businesses remain impacted by the 
consequences of the health crisis (-1.2% compared to 2020).  
However, developments in the current health crisis and market conditions have characteristics that 
could increase the probability and magnitude of various existing risks faced by the BNP Paribas 
Group such as: 
(i)  
pressure on revenues due in particular to 
(1)  
the consequences of the low interest rate environment of the last few years (even if 
this is gradually being reversed); and 
(2)  
lower revenues from fees and commissions; 
(ii)  
renewed heightened risk linked to an economic slowdown due to inflationary pressures 
(energy prices, labour market tensions), supply chain disruption or withdrawal of 
government support measures; 
(iii)  
risk of financial market disruption in the event of poorly anticipated changes in monetary 
policies; and 
(iv)  
higher risk-weighted assets due to the deterioration of risk parameters, hence affecting the 
Group’s capital position. 
The BNP Paribas Group’s results and financial condition could also be harmed by negative trends 
in the financial markets, to the extent that the pandemic initially caused extreme market conditions 
(such as volatility spikes, a sharp drop in equity markets, tensions on spreads, specific asset markets 
on hold, etc.).  Uncertainties about the scope and durability of the economic recovery, the easing or 
strengthening of government support measures, and the pressures linked to supply chains and raw 
material procurement have generated and could generate unfavourable market conditions. Thus, 
unfavourable market conditions have had and could have an adverse impact on the BNP Paribas 
Group’s market activities, which accounted for 14.8% of its consolidated revenues in 2021, resulting 
in  trading or other market-related losses as seen in 2020, following restrictions implemented on 
short-selling and dividend distributions (notably EUR 184 million in the first quarter of 2020 related 
to the European authorities’ restrictions on 2019 dividends) Further, certain of the BNP Paribas 
Group's investment portfolios (for example, in its insurance subsidiaries) are accounted for on a 
mark-to-market basis and were impacted by adverse market conditions, particularly in the second 
quarter of 2020 and could continue to be impacted again in the future. 
The extent to which the short, medium and long-term economic consequences of the pandemic will 
continue to affect the BNP Paribas Group’s results and financial condition will indeed depend largely 
on (a) the intensity and duration of restrictive measures that have been put in place or their periodic 
reintroduction, depending on the evolution of the health situation, (b) the timing and extent of a

--- Page 96 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 96 - 
return to pre-pandemic lifestyles, business operations and economic interactions, (c) the effects of 
the measures taken to date or future measures that may be taken by governments and central banks 
to attenuate the economic fallout of the pandemic or the terms and conditions for lifting these 
measures and (d) the duration and extent of the pandemic’s remaining course, including the prospect 
of new waves or the appearance of new strains of the virus and, consequently, a reinstatement or 
strengthening of lockdown measures or other restrictions, such as in relation to travel in the BNP 
Paribas Group’s various markets, as well as the pace and mechanisms of deployment of 
immunisation programmes. In addition, while the actions of European Union and member states’ 
authorities (in particular, central banks and governments) in response to the pandemic have to date 
helped and may well continue to help attenuate its adverse economic and market consequences, the 
authorities have also issued and may continue to issue additional restrictions or recommendations in 
respect of banks’ actions. In particular, in 2020 and 2021 they limited banks’ flexibility in managing 
their business and taking action in relation to capital distribution, capital allocation compensation 
policies. 
Due to the unprecedented environment generated by the Covid-19 crisis, various pandemic-related 
uncertainties around public health, society and the economy persist. The consequences for BNPP 
will depend on the duration of the impact of the crisis, the measures taken by governments and 
central banks and the ability of society to recover, and are therefore difficult to predict. 
(b)
Should BNPP fail to implement its strategic objectives or to achieve its published financial 
objectives, or should its results not follow stated expected trends, the trading price of its securities 
could be adversely affected. 
 
In connection with its annual results announced on 8 February 2022 BNPP announced a strategic 
plan for the 2022-2025 period. The plan includes financial and operational objectives, on a constant 
scope basis, as well as the expected impact of the redeployment of proceeds from the sale of Bank 
of the West, after adjusting for the dilution effect of the disposal on BNPP's results. BNPP's actual 
results could vary significantly from these trends for a number of reasons, including the occurrence 
of one or more of the risk factors described elsewhere in this section, in particular as a result of the 
consequences of the health crisis which have had and could continue to have major repercussions on 
the economic outlook and cause financial market disruptions. If BNPP's results do not follow these 
trends, its financial condition and the value of its securities, as well as its financing costs, could be 
affected. 
 
Additionally, the BNP Paribas Group is pursuing an ambitious corporate social responsibility (CSR) 
policy and is committed to making a positive impact on society with concrete achievements. In 2021, 
BNPP strengthened its commitment to a sustainable economy and accelerated decarbonisation 
strategies, with the signing of the Net Zero Banking Alliance, the Net Zero Asset Owner Alliance, 
and the Net Zero Asset Manager initiative. . The Group is thus taking strong positions, as a founding 
member of the United Nations Principles for Responsible Banking, which commits it to align its 
strategy with the Paris Agreement and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  As part of 
BNPP's 2022-2025 strategic plan, it aims to mobilise EUR 350  billion in ESG-related loans and 
bond issuances (loans to companies, institutionals and individuals covering environmental and social 
issues and annual sustainable bond issuances) and to have EUR 300 billion in sustainable responsible 
investments under management by 2025 (BNP Paribas Asset Management's European open funds 
classified open Articles 8 and 9 as defined by the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
("SFDR")). If BNPP fails to meet these targets, which depend in part on factors beyond its control, 
its reputation could be harmed. 
(c)
BNPP may experience difficulties integrating businesses following acquisition transactions and may 
be unable to realise the benefits expected from such transactions.

--- Page 97 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 97 - 
 
BNPP engages in acquisition and combination transactions on a regular basis. BNPP's most recent 
major such transactions were the integration of BNPP's Prime Services and Electronic Equities 
platform of Deutsche Bank in 2019, the acquisition of 100% of Exane, previously 50% owned by 
BNPP, finalised on 13 July 2021 and the acquisition of 100% of Floa, a subsidiary of Casino and 
Crédit Mutuel Alliance Fédérale (via the Banque Fédérative du Crédit Mutuel - BFCM) and one of 
the French leaders in innovative payments, finalised on 1 February 2022. These operational 
integration activities resulted in 2021, in restructuring costs of EUR 164  million. Successful 
integration and the realisation of synergies require, among other things, proper coordination of 
business development and marketing efforts, retention of key members of management, policies for 
effective recruitment and training as well as the ability to adapt information and computer systems. 
Any difficulties encountered in combining operations could result in higher integration costs and 
lower savings or revenues than expected. There will accordingly be uncertainty as to the extent to 
which anticipated synergies will be achieved and the timing of their realisation. Moreover, the 
integration of BNPP’s existing operations with those of the acquired operations could interfere with 
its respective businesses and divert management’s attention from other aspects of BNPP’s business, 
which could have a negative impact on BNPP’s business and results. In some cases, moreover, 
disputes relating to acquisitions may have an adverse impact on the integration process or have other 
adverse consequences, including financial ones. 
 
Although BNPP undertakes an in‑depth analysis of the companies it plans to acquire, such analyses 
often cannot be complete or exhaustive. In the event that BNPP is unable to conduct comprehensive 
due diligence prior to an acquisition, it may acquire doubtful or troubled assets or businesses that 
may be unprofitable or have certain potential risks that only materialise after the acquisition. The 
acquisition of an unprofitable business or a business with materialised risks may have a significant 
adverse effect on BNPP's overall profitability and may increase its liabilities.  
(d)
BNPP’s current environment may be affected by the intense competition amongst banking and 
non‑banking operators, which could adversely affect BNPP’s revenues and profitability.
 
Competition is intense in all of BNPP’s primary business areas in France and the other countries in 
which it conducts a substantial portion of its business, including other European countries and the 
United States. Competition in the banking industry could intensify as a result of consolidation in the 
financial services area, as a result of the presence of new players in the payment and the financing 
services area or the development of crowdfunding platforms, as well as the continuing evolution of 
consumer habits in the banking sector. While BNPP has launched initiatives in these areas, such as 
the debut of Hello bank! and its acquisition of Nickel or Floa, competitors subject to less extensive 
regulatory requirements or to less strict capital requirements (e.g. debt funds, shadow banks), or 
benefiting from economies of scale, data synergies, technological innovation (e.g. internet and 
mobile operators, digital platforms, fintechs), or free access to customer financial data could be more 
competitive by offering lower prices and more innovative services to address the new needs of 
consumers. New technologies that facilitate or transform transaction processes and payment 
systems, such as blockchain technologies and related services, or that could significantly impact the 
fundamental mechanisms of the banking system, such as central bank digital currencies, have been 
developed in recent years or could be developed in the near future. While it is difficult to predict the 
effects of these developments and the regulations that apply to them, the use of such technology 
could nevertheless reduce the market share of banks, including BNPP or secure investments that 
otherwise would have used technology used by more established financial institutions, such as BNPP 
or, more broadly, lead to the emergence of a different monetary system in which the attractiveness 
of using established financial institutions, such as BNPP, would be affected. If such developments 
continue to gain momentum, particularly with the support of governments and central banks, if 
BNPP is unable to respond to the competitive environment in France or in its other major markets

--- Page 98 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 98 - 
by offering more attractive, innovative and profitable product and service solutions than those 
offered by current competitors or new entrants, or if some of these activities were to be carried out 
by institutions other than banks it may lose market share in key areas of its business or incur losses 
on some or all of its activities. In addition, downturns in the economies of its principal markets could 
add to the competitive pressure, through, for example, increased price pressure and lower business 
volumes for BNPP and its competitors. It is also possible that the imposition of more stringent 
requirements (particularly capital requirements and business restrictions) on large or systemically 
significant financial institutions, that new players may not be subject to, could lead to distortions in 
competition in a manner adverse to large private‑sector institutions such as BNPP.  
(e) 
BNPP could experience business disruption and losses due to climate change risks such as transition 
risks, physical risks or liability risks. 
BNPP is exposed to risks related to climate change, either directly through its own operations or 
indirectly through its financing and investment activities. There are two main types of risks related 
to climate change: (i) transition risks, which result from changes in the behaviour of economic and 
financial actors in response to the implementation of energy policies or technological changes; 
(ii) physical risks, which result from the direct impact of climate change on people and property 
through extreme weather events or long-term risks such as rising water levels or increasing 
temperatures. In addition, liability risks may arise from both categories of risk. They correspond to 
the damages that a legal entity would have to pay if it were found to be responsible for global 
warming. BNP Paribas is progressively integrating the assessment of these risks into its risk 
management system. The BNP Paribas Group monitors these risks in the conduct of its business, in 
the conduct of its counterparties’ business, and in its investments on its own behalf and on behalf of 
third parties. In this respect, the specific credit policies and the General Credit Policy have been 
enhanced since 2012 and 2014, respectively, with the addition of relevant clauses in terms of social 
and environmental responsibility. In addition, the development of regulatory requirements in this 
area could lead to an increase in the litigation financial institutions face in connection with climate 
change and other related issues. BNPP could thus be held liable for failures in the execution of some 
of its operations, for example in the event of its inadequate assessment of the environmental, social 
and governance criteria of certain financial products. 
Sector-specific policies and policies excluding certain environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
sectors from financing have also been put in place. In 2019, as part of the fight against climate 
change, BNPP made new commitments to reduce its exposure to thermal coal to zero by 2030 in the 
OECD and by 2040 for the rest of the world.   
BNPP is thus taking strong positions, as a founding member of the United Nations Principles for 
Responsible Banking, which commits it to align its strategy with the Paris Agreement and the SDGs. 
As part of BNPP's 2022-2025 strategic plan, it aims to mobilise EUR 350 billion in ESG-related 
loans and bond issuances (loans to companies, institutionals and individuals covering environmental 
and social issues and annual sustainable bonds issuances) and to have EUR 300 billion in sustainable 
responsible investments under management by 2025 (for example, BNP Paribas Asset Management's 
European open funds classified in Articles 8 and 9 as defined by SFDR). By the end of 2015, 
BNP Paribas had already significantly strengthened its criteria for financing and investing in the coal 
sector, and in 2017, it was the first bank to announce the cessation of its financing activities for 
companies that derive most of their revenues from non-conventional hydrocarbons, measures that 
remain to date among the most advanced in the sector. These decisions are also reflected in the 
energy mix that BNPP finances. In 2022, BNPP  published its first climate alignment report and its 
targets for reducing carbon emission intensity by 2025. BNPP also supports its clients, both 
individuals and businesses, in their transition to a low-carbon economy. BNPP also aims to reduce 
the environmental footprint of its own operations. Despite the actions taken by BNPP to monitor 
risks and combat climate change, the physical, transitional or liability risks related to climate change,

--- Page 99 ---
RISK FACTORS 
- 99 - 
or any delay or failure to implement BNPP's actions, could have a material adverse effect on BNPP's 
business or financial condition, and could result in litigation.  
(f)
Changes in certain holdings in credit or financial institutions could have an impact on BNPP’s  
financial position.
Certain classes of assets may carry a high a risk-weight of 250%. These assets include: credit or 
financial institutions consolidated under the equity method within the prudential scope (excluding 
insurance); significant financial interest in credit or financial institutions in which BNPP holds a 
stake of more than 10%; and deferred tax assets that rely on future profitability and arise from 
temporary differences. 
The risk-weighted assets carrying a risk-weight of 250% amounted to EUR 18 billion at 
31 December 2021, or 2% of the total risk-weighted assets of BNPP. They amounted to EUR 20 
billion, representing 3% of BNPP's  total risk-weighted assets at 30 June 2022.  If BNPP increases 
the amount of heavy risk-weighted assets (either by increasing the proportion of such heavy risk-
weighted assets in its overall asset portfolio or due to an increase of the regulatory risk-weighting 
applicable to these assets), its capital adequacy ratios may be lowered.

--- Page 100 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS  
- 100 - 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS  
General investment considerations associated with the Issuer 
Compartments 
The Conditions of the Securities issued in respect of, and the specific objects of, each Compartment shall be 
determined by the Board.  Each Secured Party shall be deemed to fully adhere to, and be bound by, the 
Conditions applicable to the Securities and the Articles of Incorporation of the Issuer (the "Articles").   
In respect of any Compartment and any Security (save for any Security which is a Guaranteed Note, 
Guaranteed Warrant or Guaranteed Certificate, as applicable), and following a Note Acceleration in respect 
of such Note, Warrant Acceleration in respect of such Warrant, or Certificate Acceleration in respect of such 
Certificate, as applicable, the entitlement of the holder of such Security will be limited to such Holder of 
Securities' pro rata share of the net proceeds of the relevant Charged Assets applied in accordance with the 
Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If, in respect of any Security, the net proceeds of 
the enforcement or liquidation of the relevant Charged Assets are not sufficient to make all payments due in 
respect of such Security, no other assets of the Issuer will be available to meet such shortfall, and the claims 
of the holder of such Security as against the Issuer in respect of any such shortfall shall be extinguished.  
Holders of Securities, by acquiring the Securities, expressly accept, and shall be deemed to be bound by, the 
provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004 and, in particular, the provisions with respect to compartments, 
limited recourse, non-petition, subordination and priority of payments.  
Each Compartment may be separately liquidated without such liquidation resulting in the liquidation of 
another Compartment or of the Issuer itself.  As far as each Compartment is concerned and subject to any 
particular rights or limitations attaching to any Securities, as may be specified in the Articles or upon which 
such Securities may be issued including, without limitation, the relevant Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms, if the net assets of a Compartment are liquidated the proceeds thereof shall be applied in the order set 
out in the Conditions.   
As between the Secured Parties, each Compartment is deemed to comprise assets of a separate entity.   
Fees, expenses and other liabilities incurred on behalf of the Issuer but which do not relate specifically to any 
Compartment shall be general liabilities of the Issuer and shall not be payable out of the assets of any 
Compartment.  The Board shall ensure that creditors of such liabilities waive recourse to the assets of any 
Compartment. If such creditors do not waive recourse and such general liabilities cannot be otherwise funded, 
they shall be apportioned pro rata among the Compartments of the Issuer upon a decision of the Board.  
The Board shall establish and maintain separate accounting records for each of the Compartments of the 
Issuer.  The assets of each Compartment may include the proceeds of the issue of the Securities of the relevant 
Series, any Related Securities, any Related Agreements, any collateral relating to such Series and any Related 
Securities, any proceeds from the Related Agreements and any such collateral.  The fees, costs and expenses 
in relation to the Securities of each Series may be allocated to the respective Compartment in accordance 
with the relevant Conditions.   
To give effect to the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004 and the Articles under which the Charged 
Assets of a Compartment are available only for the Secured Parties for the relevant Series relating to that 
Compartment, the Issuer will contract with parties for the account of the relevant Compartment and on a 
"limited recourse" basis such that claims against the Issuer in relation to each Series would be restricted to 
the Charged Assets of the Compartment for the relevant Series.

--- Page 101 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 101 - 
General investment considerations associated with the Securities 
Recognition of English judgments at the end of the United Kingdom’s Brexit Transition Period 
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom (the "UK") formally left the European Union. Pursuant to a treaty 
entitled "the Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community" (the "Withdrawal Agreement"), 
the UK and the EU agreed to an implementation period, ending on 31 December 2020 (the "Transition 
Period"). The Withdrawal Agreement was incorporated into English law by the European Union 
(Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020.  
As a result of leaving the EU, the UK is no longer bound by the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 
(the "Brussels Recast"), a formal reciprocal regime between EU Member States on the allocation of 
jurisdiction and the mutual recognition and enforcement of Member State judgments. This regime is no 
longer applied by English courts, save in relation to legacy cases (i.e. those cases where proceedings were 
initiated prior to the end of the Transition Period). As a further consequence,  English judgments will no 
longer be recognised and enforced in EU Member State courts under this regime, again, save for legacy cases 
where English judgments are issued in proceedings commenced prior to the end of the Transition Period. 
Upon leaving the EU, the UK also ceased to be a member of another convention on the allocation of 
jurisdiction and the mutual enforcement of contracting state court judgments, the Lugano Convention 2007 
(the "Lugano Convention"). The EU, Switzerland, Iceland and Norway are members of the Lugano 
Convention and the UK has applied to re-join this convention. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
UK's application is pending. As the UK is no longer a Lugano contracting state, English judgments cannot 
be enforced under this regime in other contracting states, although Norway has put in place arrangements 
with the UK for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments.  
Investors should also note that on 1 January 2021 the UK re-joined the Hague Convention on Choice of Court 
Agreements 2005 (the "Hague Convention") as a sovereign state. The Hague Convention is another 
international convention on the jurisdiction and the reciprocal enforcement of contracting state judgments. 
The Hague Convention requires contracting states to respect exclusive jurisdiction clauses in favour of other 
contracting state courts and to enforce resulting judgments. The EU, Mexico, Montenegro and Singapore are 
currently contracting states.  
Accordingly, English judgments issued by an English court pursuant to an exclusive jurisdiction clause 
entered into after 1 January 2021 should be recognised and enforced in EU states (and Mexico, Montenegro 
and Singapore) under the Hague Convention, subject to standard exceptions. It is generally considered that 
the Hague Convention only covers exclusive jurisdiction clauses and resulting judgments. There remains 
uncertainty as to whether the Hague Convention would be applied by Member State courts in respect of 
exclusive jurisdiction clauses entered into between 1 October 2015 (when the EU joined the Convention) and 
31 December 2020. The UK has legislated to confirm such clauses would be treated as being within the 
Hague Convention. Although the grounds upon which enforcement may be refused under the Hague 
Convention are in substance similar to those under the Brussels Recast, the Hague Convention is new and 
therefore there may be some uncertainty as to how Member State courts apply these provisions, at least 
initially.   
Where English jurisdiction clauses and judgments are not within the scope of the Hague Convention, it will 
be necessary to consider the applicable national law rules.  
Description of the role of the Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent may be the Swap Counterparty or an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty and 
consequently, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the relevant Holders 
of Securities, including with respect to certain determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent must 
make, including whether a Market Disruption Event, a Settlement Disruption Event, an Index Adjustment

--- Page 102 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 102 - 
Event or Credit Event (each as defined in the Conditions) has occurred. Generally, the Calculation Agent is 
obliged to carry out its duties and functions as Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, subject to the applicable Conditions. Furthermore, the Calculation Agent will not act as 
a fiduciary or as an advisor to the relevant Holders of Securities in respect of its duties as Calculation Agent. 
Investors should also refer to "Potential conflicts of interest" in the "Risk Factors" section. 
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
In certain circumstances, at the commencement of an offer period in respect of Securities, but prior to the 
issue date of such Securities certain specific information (specifically, the issue price, fixed rate of interest, 
minimum and/or maximum rate of interest or Premium Amount payable, the margin applied to the floating 
rate of interest payable, the Gearing applied to the interest or final payout, the Gearing Up applied to the final 
payout, (in the case of Autocall Securities, Autocall One Touch Securities or Autocall Standard Securities) 
the FR Rate component of the final payout (which will be payable if certain conditions are met, as set out in 
the Payout Conditions), (in the case of Securities which include a Snowball Digital Coupon, Digital Coupon, 
Accrual Digital Coupon, SPS Variable Amount Coupon or SPS Fixed Coupon) the Rate component of the 
coupon rate, the value of the barrier component of a final payout or coupon rate, the AER Exit Rate used if 
an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Bonus Coupon component of the final payout (in the case 
of Vanilla Digital Securities), the Up Cap Percentage component of the final payout (in the case of Certi-
Plus: Generic Securities, Certi-Plus: Generic Knock-in Securities and Certi-Plus: Generic Knock-out 
Securities), any Constant Percentage (being any of Constant Percentage, Constant Percentage 1, Constant 
Percentage 2, Constant Percentage 3 or Constant Percentage 4) component of the final payout or coupon rate 
(which will be payable if certain conditions are met, as set out in the Payout Conditions), the Floor Percentage 
component of the final payout or coupon rate and/or the Knock-in Level and/or Knock-out Level (used to 
ascertain whether a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event, as applicable, has occurred)) may not be known. In 
these circumstances the Final Terms will specify in place of the relevant price, rate, level or percentage, as 
applicable, a minimum and/or maximum price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, or an indicative range 
of prices, rates, levels or percentages. The actual price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, applicable to 
the Securities will be selected by the Issuer from within the range or will not be higher than the maximum 
price, rate, level or percentage, and/or will not be lower than the minimum price, rate, level or percentage, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be notified to investors prior to the Issue Date. The actual 
price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, will be determined in accordance with market conditions by 
the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
Prospective purchasers of Securities will be required to make their investment decision based on the 
minimum and/or maximum price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, or the indicative range rather than 
the actual price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, which will only be fixed after the investment decision 
is made but will apply to the Securities once issued.  
Where a minimum and/or maximum price, rate, level or percentage, as applicable, or an indicative range is 
specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Rate of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Rate of 
Interest, Margin, FR Rate, Rate and/or AER Exit Rate, prospective purchasers of Securities should, for the 
purposes of evaluating the risks and benefits of an investment in the Securities, assume that the actual Rate 
of Interest, Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Rate of Interest, Margin, FR Rate, Rate and/or AER Exit 
Rate, as applicable, which will apply to the Securities will be the lowest rate specified in the range and make 
their decision to invest in the Securities on that basis. 
Historical performance may not predict future performance 
The Reference Securities may not perform as indicated by the historical performance of similar obligations 
issued by the Charged Assets Issuer or RCA Issuer, as the case may be, and no assurance can be given with 
respect to the future performance of the Reference Securities.  Historical default statistics may not capture

--- Page 103 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 103 - 
events that would constitute Early Redemption Events (in the case of Notes or Certificates) or Early 
Termination Events (in the case of Warrants). 
Limited provision of information about the Reference Securities 
Investors should conduct their own investigation and analysis with respect to the creditworthiness of the 
Charged Assets Issuer or the RCA Issuer, as the case may be, and the likelihood of the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event. 
None of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective Affiliates has any obligation under the 
terms of the Securities to keep investors informed as to any matters with respect to the Reference Securities 
and/or, as the case may be, the other obligations of the RCA Issuer, including whether or not circumstances 
exist that give rise to the possibility of the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event with respect to the 
Reference Securities or the RCA Issuer. 
Prospective investors should note that there is no requirement for the Issuer to give information which is 
generally publicly available in relation to the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event.  If an Early 
Redemption Event, as applicable, occurs in respect of the relevant Reference Securities or other obligations 
of the RCA Issuer which is not public, Holders of the Securities may not be able to verify the occurrence of 
such Early Redemption Event. 
Investment considerations associated with the Compartment Security 
Additional information relating to holding of Compartment Assets 
In circumstances where a charge under English law is expressed to be taken over the Compartment Assets 
and the Compartment Assets are held by or through the Custodian through a clearing system or where the 
Compartment Assets are held outside England and Wales, any security over the Compartment Assets will 
take the form of an assignment by way of security of the Issuer's rights against the Custodian under the 
Agency Agreement to the extent that such rights relate to the Compartment Assets, rather than a charge over 
the Compartment Assets themselves. 
Swap Counterparty as Instructing Party 
Where "Swap Counterparty Priority" is stated as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Swap 
Counterparty will (unless it is the Defaulting Party under, and as defined in, the relevant Swap Agreement) 
be the Instructing Party, and will have certain rights to direct the Trustee on certain matters, including the 
ability to instruct the Trustee to enforce the Security in certain circumstances, notwithstanding that the 
relevant Holders of Securities have not voted in respect of such matters.  In these circumstances, there can 
be no assurance that the Swap Counterparty will act in the interests of such Holders of Securities.  The Swap 
Counterparty has no obligation or liability to, and shall not be obliged to have regard to the interests of, the 
Holders of Securities in relation to any such directions. 
Trustee and enforcement 
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of the Secured 
Parties (including Holders of Securities).  The Trustee is not obliged to take any such action without first 
being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction.  The Trustee is not responsible for ensuring that the 
Issuer's obligations (or the security interest created by the Issuer) are valid and enforceable.  Upon 
enforcement of the security securing the Issuer's obligations with respect to the Securities, the ability of the 
Trustee to recover any amounts or Equivalent Securities in respect of any of the Reference Securities or 
Received Collateral owing to the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty (to the extent applicable) may be dependent on applicable laws or other matters 
beyond its control. The Trustee is not responsible for any failure or delay to recover such amounts or 
Reference Securities or Received Collateral where such failure or delay is beyond the control of the Trustee

--- Page 104 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 104 - 
or arises by operation of law. The Trustee is not obliged to take any action in respect of such amounts or 
Reference Securities or Received Collateral unless it has been directed to do so by the Holders of Securities 
in accordance with the Trust Deed and it has been indemnified and or secured (including by way of pre-
funding) against any liability which it may incur by so acting. 
Investment considerations relating to certain regulations which apply with respect to the Issuer 
European Market Infrastructure Regulation and Markets in Financial Instruments Directive  
European Regulation 648/2012, known as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/384 ("EMIR") entered into force on 16 August 2012 and took direct effect in the 
member states of the European Union in 2013. Under EMIR certain OTC derivatives that are traded in the 
European Union by financial counterparties ("FCs"), such as investment firms, credit institutions and 
insurance companies, and certain non-financial counterparties ("NFCs") have to be cleared (the "clearing 
obligation") via an authorised central clearing counterparty (a "CCP").  In addition, EMIR requires the 
reporting of OTC derivative contracts to a trade repository (the "reporting obligation") and introduces 
certain risk mitigation requirements in relation to OTC derivative contracts that are not cleared by a CCP.  
Under EMIR, a CCP will be used to meet the clearing obligation by interposing itself between the 
counterparties to the eligible derivative contracts. CCPs will connect with derivative counterparties through 
their clearing members. Each derivative counterparty which is required to clear OTC Derivatives will be 
required to post both initial and variation margin to the clearing member, which will in turn be required to 
post margin to the CCP. EMIR requires CCPs to only accept highly liquid collateral with minimal credit and 
market risk. A NFC may also be subject to the clearing obligation and the reporting obligation, subject to its 
positions in OTC derivatives contracts exceeding certain thresholds. Whilst it appears that entities like the 
Issuer would be considered a NFC under EMIR, the position remains to be fully clarified. Thus, it cannot be 
excluded that the Issuer will be subject to the clearing obligation in the future. NFCs which enter into an 
OTC derivative contract which are not "eligible" for clearing would have to ensure that appropriate 
procedures and arrangements are in place to monitor and minimise operational and credit risk.  
The Issuer may have to apply certain risk mitigation techniques in relation to timely confirmation, portfolio 
reconciliation and compression, and dispute resolution that are applicable to OTC derivatives contracts that 
are not cleared by a CCP.  Further, the Issuer will be required to deliver certain information about any Swap 
Agreement to a registered or recognised trade repository.  EMIR also imposes a record-keeping requirement 
pursuant to which counterparties must keep records of any derivative contract they have concluded and any 
modification for at least five years following the termination of the contract. 
The EU regulatory framework relating to derivatives is set not only by EMIR but also by the amending 
Directive to the existing Markets in Financial Instruments Directive published in the Official Journal on 12 
June 2014 ("MiFID II"), which repealed  Directive 2004/39/EC, and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments ("MiFiR"). In particular, MiFID II requires transactions in certain classes 
of OTC derivatives to be executed on a trading venue. In this respect, it is difficult to predict the full impact 
of these regulatory requirements on the Issuer.  
Investors in the Securities should be aware that the regulatory changes arising from EMIR, MiFID II and 
MiFIR may in due course significantly raise the costs of entering into OTC derivative contracts and may 
adversely affect the Issuer's ability to engage in transactions in OTC derivatives. As a result of such increased 
costs or increased regulatory requirements, investors may receive less interest or return, as the case may be. 
The Issuer could be adversely affected thereby. The full impact of EMIR, MiFID II and MiFIR remains to 
be clarified.  As such, investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own 
assessment about the potential risks posed by EMIR, MiFID II and MiFIR and technical implementation in 
making any investment decision in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 105 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 105 - 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and other regulatory changes affecting 
derivatives markets  
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ("Dodd-Frank"), which provides for 
substantial changes to the regulation of the futures and OTC derivative markets, was enacted in July 2010.  
Dodd-Frank requires regulators, including without limitation the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission ("CFTC"), the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), the Department of the 
Treasury, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the "FSOC"), the Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to adopt regulations to implement many of the 
requirements of the legislation.  
In particular, Title VII ("Title VII") of Dodd-Frank establishes a comprehensive U.S. regulatory regime for 
a broad range of derivatives contracts including swaps, security-based swaps and mixed swaps (collectively 
referred to in this risk factor as "Covered Swaps"). Among other things, Title VII provides the CFTC and 
the SEC with jurisdiction and regulatory authority over Covered Swaps, requires the establishment of a 
comprehensive registration and regulatory framework applicable to swap dealers and security-based swap 
dealers and other major market participants, requires the reporting of data on Covered Swaps, requires many 
types of covered swaps to be exchange-traded or executed on a swap execution facility or security-based 
swap execution facility, as applicable, and centrally cleared and will impose capital requirements and margin 
requirements for uncleared transactions in Covered Swaps. 
Many of the key regulations implementing Title VII have become effective or are in final form. However, in 
some instances, the interpretation and potential impact of these regulations are not yet entirely clear. These 
regulations could adversely affect the value, availability and performance of certain derivatives instruments 
and may result in additional costs and restrictions with respect to the use of those instruments.  
For example, there is often only limited interpretive guidance as to the precise meaning, scope and effect of 
many such regulations. While the full impact of such regulations is not yet known, these regulatory changes 
are likely to restrict the ability of market participants to participate in the commodity, future and swap markets 
and markets for other OTC derivatives on physical commodities to the extent and at the levels that they have 
in the past. These factors may have the effect of reducing liquidity and increasing costs in these markets as 
well as affecting the structure of the markets in other ways. In addition, these legislative and regulatory 
changes have increased and are likely to further increase the level of regulation of markets and market 
participants, and therefore the costs of participating in the commodities, futures and OTC derivatives. These 
consequences could adversely affect the return on and value of the Securities. The use of derivative 
instruments by the Issuer may be subject to the clearing, capital, margin, business conduct, reporting and/or 
recordkeeping requirements of Title VII or other related regulatory reforms, that may result in additional 
regulatory burdens and related costs and expenses. 
In particular, any swaps entered into by the Issuer may include agreements that are regulated as Covered 
Swaps under Title VII, each of which may be subject to clearing, execution, capital, margin posting, reporting 
and recordkeeping requirements under Dodd-Frank that could result in additional regulatory burdens, costs 
and expenses (including extraordinary, non-recurring expenses of the Issuer). Such requirements may disrupt 
the Issuer's ability to hedge its exposure to various transactions, and may  materially and adversely impact a 
transaction’s value or the value of the Securities. While Dodd-Frank provides for the grandfathering of certain 
swaps, such grandfathering may not apply to the transactions entered into by the Issuer or may only apply to 
certain transactions. Additionally, the Issuer cannot be certain as to how these regulatory developments will 
impact the treatment of the Securities. 
Based on the regulations issued and guidance provided to date, it is not clear whether the Warrants or 
Certificates would be deemed to be "swaps" or "security-based swaps" under Dodd-Frank and regulated as 
such by the CFTC or the SEC.  If the Warrants or Certificates were deemed to be "swaps" under Dodd-Frank 
and issued by a non-US person to other non-US persons (with none of such non-US persons guaranteed by

--- Page 106 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 106 - 
or affiliate conduits of US persons or foreign branches of "swap dealers" or "major swap participants" that 
are US persons), the Warrants or Certificates may not be subject to Dodd-Frank.  The SEC has also adopted 
final rules that address when a cross-border transaction must be counted toward the threshold requirement to 
register as a security-based swap dealer or major security-based swap participant.  
In addition, Dodd-Frank, amending the CEA, expanded the definition of a "commodity pool" to include any 
form of enterprise operated for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, including swaps. If the Issuer 
were deemed to be a "commodity pool", then both the "commodity pool operator" and the "commodity 
trading advisor" of the Issuer would be required to register as such with the CFTC and the National Futures 
Association. While there remain certain limited exemptions from registration, it is unclear whether and to 
what extent any of these exemptions would be available to avoid registration with respect to the Issuer. In 
addition, if the Issuer were deemed to be a "commodity pool", it would have to comply with a number of 
reporting requirements that are designed to apply to traded commodity pools. It is presently unclear how the 
Issuer could comply with certain of these reporting requirements on an ongoing basis. Such registration and 
other requirements would involve material ongoing costs to the Issuer, thereby materially and adversely 
impacting a Security’s value. 
In addition, other regulatory bodies have proposed or may propose in the future (such as MiFID II as regards 
to which see above) similar to those required by Dodd-Frank or other regulations containing other restrictions 
that could adversely impact the liquidity of and increase costs of entering into derivatives transaction. 
Investment considerations relating to EU financial transaction tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
"Commission's proposal"), for a financial transaction tax ("FTT") to be adopted in certain participating EU 
member states (including Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. If the Commission's 
proposal was adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which could include the 
Issuer) in relation to "financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or modification of 
derivative contracts and the purchase and sale of financial instruments). 
Under the Commission's proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating member states. Generally, it would apply where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating member state. A financial institution may 
be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating member state in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating member state or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the financial transaction is issued in a participating member state. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is adopted based 
on the Commission's proposal.  Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a derivative contract in 
the context of the Issuer's hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale of securities (such as charged assets) 
or the exercise/settlement of a warrant.  The Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass on any such tax 
liabilities to holders of the Securities and therefore this may result in investors receiving less than expected 
in respect of the Securities.  It should also be noted that the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant 
transactions by investors in respect of the Securities (including secondary market transactions) if conditions 
for a charge to arise are satisfied and the FTT is adopted based on the Commission's proposal. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. There is 
however some uncertainty in relation to the intended scope of this exemption for certain money market 
instruments and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating member states. It may 
therefore be altered prior to the implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU member 
states may decide to participate and/or participating member states may decide to withdraw. Prospective 
holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 107 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 107 - 
Investment considerations associated with certain interest rates 
Additional information on EURIBOR and related reforms 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Investors should be aware that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest 
on the Securities will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to the 
Securities, as further described in the Conditions. 
Additional information on the development of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SRON and TONA as reference rates 
Holders of Securities that reference SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA should be aware that the 
market continues to develop in relation to SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and TONA, respectively, as 
reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative to GBP-LIBOR, USD-LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, CHF-LIBOR and JPY-LIBOR, respectively. For example, in the context of backwards-looking 
rates, market participants and relevant working groups are currently assessing the differences between 
compounded rates and weighted average rates and the basis on which to determine them, and such groups 
are also exploring forward-looking "term" SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON and TONA reference rates; 
although, it is not known and whether they will be adopted by the markets. The adoption of SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR,SARON or TONA may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates.  
The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or 
TONA that differs significantly from the methodology set out in the Conditions. 
Additional information on the development of SONIA reference rates for use in the capital markets 
In connection with the ongoing development of the market in relation to SONIA as a reference rate in the 
capital markets, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates 
based on SONIA, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward 
expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term). The ongoing development of Compounded 
Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of 
SONIA-based rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Securities.  
If EURIBOR, STIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable floating rate of interest or 
Underlying Interest Rate may be changed. 
In respect of Securities linked to an Underlying Interest Rate or Securities which pay a floating rate of interest, 
if the Calculation Agent determines at any time that the relevant reference rate has been discontinued, the 
Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the relevant reference rate, the alternative reference rate 
selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution in the jurisdiction of 
the currency of the relevant rate that is consistent with industry accepted standards. If the Calculation Agent 
notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the Calculation Agent will 
appoint a determination agent (which may be the Guarantor (if applicable) or an affiliate of the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or the Calculation Agent) who will determine a replacement reference rate, as well as any required 
changes to the business day convention, the definition of business day, the interest determination date, the 
day count fraction and any method for calculating the replacement rate including any adjustment required to 
make such replacement reference rate comparable to the relevant reference rate. Such replacement reference 
rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding, and will apply to the relevant Securities.

--- Page 108 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 108 - 
The replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued reference rate. There can be no 
assurance that any adjustment applied to any Securities will adequately compensate for this impact.  
The Conditions also provide for other fallbacks, such as consulting reference banks for rate quotations, which 
may not be possible if the reference banks decline to provide such quotations for a sustained period of time 
(or at all). If the relevant screen page for the reference rate is not available or it is not possible to obtain 
quotations then the Calculation Agent will determine the relevant rate of interest for the affected Securities 
at the relevant time acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Investors should note that 
the replacement rate may be different to the original rate. 
It is possible that, if a reference rate is discontinued, a clear successor rate will not be established in the 
market for some time. Accordingly, the terms of the Securities provide as an ultimate fallback that, following 
the designation of a replacement rate, if the Calculation Agent or the determination agent appointed by the 
Calculation Agent considers that such replacement reference rate is no longer substantially comparable to the 
original reference rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Calculation Agent will 
appoint or re-appoint a determination agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original 
determination agent) for the purposes of confirming the replacement reference rate or determining a substitute 
replacement reference rate (despite the continued existence of the initial replacement reference rate). Any 
such substitute replacement reference rate, once designated pursuant to the Conditions, will apply to the 
affected Securities. This could impact the relevant rate of interest in respect of the Securities. In addition, any 
Holders of such Securities that enter into hedging instruments based on the original replacement reference 
rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments 
tied to the new replacement reference rate.  
Additional considerations associated with Securities that pay a floating rate of interest referencing SOFR 
SOFR is a relatively new rate. The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018. Although the 
NY Federal Reserve has published historical indicative SOFR information going back to 2014, such 
prepublication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Investors 
should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance of 
SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in other benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of Securities that 
pay a floating rate of interest by reference to SOFR ("SOFR-Linked Securities") may fluctuate more than 
floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
Because SOFR is a relatively new market index, SOFR-Linked Securities will likely have no established 
trading market when issued, and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. 
Market terms for debt securities indexed to SOFR, such as the spread over the base rate reflected in the 
interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of SOFR-Linked Securities may be lower 
than those of later-issued SOFR-linked debt securities as a result. Similarly, if SOFR does not prove to be 
widely used in securities like the Securities, the trading price of SOFR-Linked Securities may be lower than 
those of securities linked to rates that are more widely used. Investors may not be able to sell SOFR-Linked 
Securities at all or may not be able to sell such Securities at prices that will provide a yield comparable to 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk. 
The manner of adoption or application of reference rates based on SOFR in the bond market may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and 
loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any potential inconsistencies between the adoption of 
reference rates based on SOFR across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of the SOFR-Linked 
Securities.

--- Page 109 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 109 - 
The NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to important 
limitations, including that the NY Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, 
rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee that 
SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a way that affects the value of the Securities. If 
the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance 
may result in a reduction or elimination of the amount of interest payable on SOFR-Linked Securities and a 
reduction in the trading prices of such Securities. 
Additional information in respect of Securities denominated in Renminbi 
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi 
clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
All Renminbi payments to investors in the Securities will be made solely (a) for so long as the Securities are 
represented by a Global Note or Clearing System Global Certificate held with the common depositary, for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a RMB bank 
account maintained in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and procedures or (b) so long as the Securities are in definitive form, by 
transfer to a RMB bank account maintained in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing 
rules and regulations. The Issuer will not be required to make payment by any other means (including in any 
other currency or in bank notes, by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Investment considerations associated with adjustment, disruption and related redemption provisions 
in respect of the Securities 
Description of Additional Disruption Event and Optional Additional Disruption Events 
The Additional Disruption Events correspond to changes in law (including changes in tax or regulatory 
capital requirements) and hedging disruptions in respect of any hedging transactions relating to the Securities. 
The Optional Additional Disruption Events that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms correspond 
to the occurrence of an event relating to benchmark reform (including a material change, permanent 
cancellation or issue with any official authorisation of the benchmark, administrator or sponsor) (an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), an early redemption of any Debt Instruments (a Cancellation Event), an 
issue converting or determining a rate for a currency (a Currency Event), a failure to deliver assets comprising 
the Entitlement in the case of Physical Delivery Securities (a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), a material 
hindrance or delay to the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Securities (an Extraordinary 
External Event), a default by any hedging counterparty in respect of the Securities (a Hedging Party Default), 
a materially increased cost of hedging (an Increased Cost of Hedging), an increase in the rate to borrow any 
component of an Index (an Increased Cost of Stock Borrow), circumstances where it is impracticable, illegal 
or impossible to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal in the Underlying Reference (a Jurisdiction Event), 
insolvency of the relevant Share Company or Basket Company (an Insolvency Filing), an inability to borrow 
any relevant share (a Loss of Stock Borrow), a drop in the price of a Share below 5 per cent. (or such other 
value specified in the applicable Final Terms) of its Strike Price (a Stop-Loss Event) and/or an event that is 
not attributable to the Issuer that significantly alters the economics of the Securities (a Significant Alteration 
Event). Each of the Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events are both more 
fully set out in the Conditions. 
Consequences of a Disrupted Day 
The occurrence of a Disrupted Day may delay the determination of the final level, value, price or amount of 
the index, share, ETI interest, debt instrument, future, commodity or commodity index which could also 
cause a delay in the payment of any Final Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount, as more fully 
set out in the Conditions.

--- Page 110 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 110 - 
Description of Early Redemption Amounts
The manner in which the amount due to Holders on an early redemption of the Securities is determined may 
depend on the event that has triggered an early redemption of the Securities and the early redemption method 
specified in the applicable Final Terms applicable to the relevant Early Redemption Event.  
If the Final Terms specify that Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are applicable, the 
amount the Holder of Securities receives on early redemption will include reimbursement of any costs that 
were charged as part of the Issue Price of the Securities and will not include a deduction of any costs. If 
Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Holder may elect to receive 
the fair market value of the Securities as if Market Value were applicable instead of the Monetisation 
Amount. If the Securities are early redeemed in part, the amount calculated as payable on such early 
redemption will take into account that only a portion of the outstanding Securities are being early redeemed. 
Investment considerations associated with Securities linked to the performance of one or more 
Underlying References 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Index Linked Securities 
In respect of Index Linked Securities, Holders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by 
reference to the value of the underlying index/indices and/or the Index Linked Securities will pay interest 
calculated by reference to the value of the underlying index/indices. Such underlying index may be a well 
known and widely published index or an index which may not be widely published or available. The index 
may reference, among other asset types, equities, bonds, currency exchange rates, or other securities or it 
may be a property index referencing certain property price data which will be subject to market price 
fluctuations, or reference a number of different assets or indices. A property index may include valuations 
only and not actual transactions and the property data sources used to compile the index may be subject to 
change.  
Index Linked Securities linked to a custom index are linked to a proprietary index which may be sponsored 
and/or calculated by BNP Paribas or one of its Affiliates. Pursuant to the operational rules of the relevant 
custom index, the custom index is scheduled to be calculated on a periodic basis (for example on each 
weekday). In the event that one of the levels, values or prices of a component included in the custom index 
is not available for any reason on a relevant day of calculation including, without limitation, (a) because such 
day is a non-scheduled trading day in respect of that index component or (b) that index component is subject 
to a market disruption, then the Calculation Agent of the custom index may, but will not be obliged to, 
calculate the level of the custom index on a different basis (for example by taking a value for the affected 
index component from the first preceding day on which a level for such affected index component was 
available). Such an occurrence may potentially result in a delay in the publication of the index and the level 
of the index may be affected. 
Components of certain custom indices may be subject to regular rebalancing in accordance with the 
methodology of the index. As part of the rebalancing, components may be added to or removed from the 
index or their weights adjusted. The components which are included in the index and the weight assigned to 
each component may be determined either wholly or partially by reference to criteria specified in the index 
and/or one or more lists of assets (including, without limitation, research lists, analytical reports or "top picks" 
guides), which are published by a third party unconnected with the index. If a third party is compiling the list 
of assets such third party may exercise its discretion to determine which assets are included in such list. The 
index methodology may apply objective filters to these lists of assets, to determine which assets are included 
as components in the index and their weight. The components which are derived from the list published by a 
third party may affect the performance of the index, and, correspondingly, the value of the Index Linked 
Securities. Such third parties have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions on any 
Holders of Securities.

--- Page 111 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 111 - 
If the Index specified in the Final Terms is replaced by a successor index with the same or a substantially 
similar method for calculating that index or the original index sponsor is replaced by a successor index 
sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, the successor index or the successor index sponsor will replace 
the original index or original index sponsor, as applicable. 
Following a modification to the methodology of the Index (an Index Modification), a permanent cancellation 
of the Index (an Index Cancellation) or if the Index Sponsor fails to calculate or publish the level of the Index 
on a relevant date for valuation (an Index Disruption) (each, an Index Adjustment Event), (i) the Calculation 
Agent may determine whether to (x) determine the level of the Index itself, or (y) replace the Index, or (ii) 
the Issuer may redeem the Index Linked Securities at the Early Redemption Amount. 
In addition, if the published level of an Index is subsequently corrected, the corrected level will be used if 
corrected within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected level is published less than three 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Share Linked Securities 
In respect of Share Linked Securities, Holders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by 
reference to the value of the share(s) or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs and/or the physical delivery of 
a given number of share(s) or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs and/or the Share Linked Securities will 
pay interest calculated by reference to the value of the underlying share(s) or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or 
ADRs. 
No issuer of the underlying shares will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Share Linked Securities, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or 
any Manager will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any 
information concerning any such issuer of shares contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from 
which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring 
prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the 
publicly available information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect 
the trading price of the share or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs will have been publicly disclosed. 
Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events 
concerning such an issuer of shares could affect the trading price of the share or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or 
ADRs. 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Holders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant shares to which such Securities relate. 
A Potential Adjustment Event will occur in a number of scenarios more fully described in the Conditions that 
have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the share(s). The Calculation Agent may 
adjust the terms of the Share Linked Securities as it determines appropriate to take account of such Potential 
Adjustment Event.  
An Extraordinary Event will occur upon a De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Stapling, 
Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or (if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension or CSR Event in respect of a 
share. If an Extraordinary Event occurs: 
(a)
the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to any of the terms of the Share Linked Securities 
(including, in the case of Share Linked Securities linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to and/or 
substitution of constituent shares of the Basket of Shares); 
(b)
the Issuer may redeem the Share Linked Securities in whole or (in the case of Share Linked Securities 
linked to a Basket of Shares) in part at the Early Redemption Amount; or

--- Page 112 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 112 - 
(c)
the Calculation Agent may make an adjustment to any terms of the Share Linked Securities by 
reference to the corresponding adjustment(s) made by the relevant exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which options on the affected Shares are traded. 
If the Stapled Shares become de-stapled such that one or more shares comprising the Stapled Shares may be 
held, owned, sold, transferred, purchased and otherwise dealt with as an individual share, the Issuer may elect 
to substitute the Stapled Shares with an alternative share meeting certain criteria selected by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If Hedging Liquidity Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem 
the Share Linked Securities in full at the Early Redemption Amount if the volume of Shares held by the 
Issuer and/or any of its affiliates via hedging arrangements related to the Share Linked Securities exceeds a 
specified level. 
In addition, if the published price of a Share is subsequently corrected, the corrected price will be used if 
corrected within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected price is published less than three 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of ETI Linked Securities 
In respect of ETI Linked Securities, Holders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by 
reference to the value of an interest in one or more exchange traded instruments (an "ETI Interest") and/or 
the ETI Linked Securities will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of one or more ETI Interests. 
While ETI Interests are traded on an exchange and are therefore valued in a similar manner as a share traded 
on an exchange, if ETI Share Provisions is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, certain 
provisions related to ETI Linked Securities are similar to the provisions related to funds and Fund Linked 
Securities. If ETI Share Provisions is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
related to the ETI Linked Securities will be more similar to the provisions related to shares and Share Linked 
Securities. 
An exchange traded instrument (an "ETI") may invest in and trade in a variety of investments and financial 
instruments using sophisticated investment techniques for hedging and non-hedging purposes. None of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent have any control over investments made by the 
relevant exchange traded instrument(s) and in no way guarantee the performance of an ETI. 
In hedging the Issuer's obligations under the ETI Linked Securities, an entity providing such hedging (the 
"Hedge Provider") is not restricted to any particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may 
hedge its exposure using any method it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. The Hedge Provider may 
perform any number of different hedging practices with respect to ETI Linked Securities without taking into 
account any Holder's interests. 
No entity related to the ETI will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the ETI Linked Securities, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or 
any Manager will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any 
information concerning any such ETI contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such 
information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the 
relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available 
information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of 
the interests in the exchange traded instrument will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of 
any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an exchange 
traded instrument could affect the trading price of interests in the exchange traded instruments.  
Except as provided in the Conditions, Holders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant ETIs to which such Securities relate.

--- Page 113 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 113 - 
A Potential Adjustment Event will occur in a number of scenarios more fully described in the Conditions that 
have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interest(s). The Calculation Agent 
may adjust the terms of the ETI Linked Securities as it determines appropriate to take account of such 
Potential Adjustment Event.  
In the case of ETI Linked Securities where ETI Share Provisions is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Extraordinary ETI Event will occur as a result of events including (a) a merger of 
the ETI Interests or the ETI or ETI Related Party with other ETI Interests or another entity, an entity obtaining 
a controlling stake in the ETI or ETI Related Party or the insolvency of the ETI or any ETI Related Party 
(Global Events), (b) material litigation or allegations of criminal or fraudulent activity in respect of the ETI 
or ETI Related Party (Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events), (c) the ETI Related Party ceasing to act without 
being replaced (Change in ETI Related Parties/Key Person Events), (d) a material change to the ETI or the 
ETI Documents (Modification Events), (e) a change to or suspension of the calculation of the Value per ETI 
Interest or a breach of the Investment/AUM Level or Value per ETI Interest Trigger Percentage (Net Asset 
Value/Investment/AUM Level Events), (f) a change in tax law, revocation of any required licence or 
compulsory 
redemption 
of 
the 
ETI 
Interests 
required 
by 
a 
competent 
authority 
(Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events), (g) an issue affecting the hedging associated with the ETI Linked 
Securities (Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events) and (h) other events such as an Extraordinary 
ETI Event affecting a portion of the basket of ETI Interests, a rating downgrade, issues obtaining or trading 
ETI Interests or changes in the way dividends are paid (Miscellaneous Events), each more fully described in 
the Conditions. The Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of the ETI Linked Securities 
to reflect such event, substitute the relevant ETI Interest(s) or redeem the ETI Linked Securities at the Early 
Redemption Amount.  
In the case of ETI Linked Securities where ETI Share Provisions is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, an Extraordinary Event will occur upon a Delisting, ETI Currency Change, ETI Modification, 
ETI Reclassification, ETI Redemption or Subscription Event, ETI Regulatory Action, ETI Reporting Event, 
ETI Strategy Breach, ETI Termination, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation or, if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension or Tender Offer. If 
an Extraordinary Event occurs: 
(a)
the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to any of the terms of the ETI Linked Securities 
(including, in the case of ETI Linked Securities linked to a Basket of ETI Interests, adjustments to 
and/or substitution of constituent ETI Interests of the Basket of ETI Interests); 
(b)
the Issuer may redeem the ETI Linked Securities in whole or (in the case of ETI Linked Securities 
linked to a Basket of ETI Interests) in part at the Early Redemption Amount; or  
(c)
the Calculation Agent may make an adjustment to any terms of the ETI Linked Securities by 
reference to the corresponding adjustment(s) made by the relevant exchange(s) or quotation 
system(s) on which options on the affected ETI Interests are traded. 
In the case of ETI Linked Securities where ETI Share Provisions and Hedging Liquidity Event is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the ETI Linked Securities in full at the 
Early Redemption Amount if the volume of ETI Interests held by the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its 
affiliates via hedging arrangements related to the ETI Linked Securities exceeds a specified level. 
In addition, if the published price of an ETI Interest is subsequently corrected, the corrected price will be 
used if corrected within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected price is published less than three 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Debt Linked Securities 
In respect of Debt Linked Securities, Holders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by 
reference to the price or yield of the underlying debt instrument(s) and/or the physical delivery of a given

--- Page 114 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 114 - 
number of debt instrument(s) and/or the Debt Linked Securities will pay interest calculated by reference to 
the price or yield of the underlying debt instrument(s). 
If the published reference price of a debt instrument is subsequently corrected, the corrected reference price 
will be used if corrected within the specified Debt Instrument Correction Period, provided that, if the 
corrected reference price is published less than three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment 
it will be disregarded. 
Investors should be aware that if an underlying debt instrument is redeemed or cancelled by the relevant 
issuer of such debt instrument (for example, following an event of default under the terms of the relevant 
debt instrument), the Issuer will early redeem the Debt Linked Securities at the Early Redemption Amount 
in accordance with the Conditions.  
Additional investment considerations in respect of Commodity Linked Securities 
In respect of Commodity Linked Securities, Holders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption 
determined by reference to the value of the underlying commodity (including EU emissions allowances ("EU 
Allowances")), commodity index, commodities and/or commodity indices and/or Commodity Linked 
Securities will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of the underlying commodity, commodity 
index, commodities and/or commodity indices.  
Where the Commodity Linked Securities are linked to a commodity index, such commodity index may be a 
well known and widely available commodity index (such as the S&P GSCI®) or a commodity index which 
may be less well known (such as a commodity index that is composed, sponsored and/or calculated by BNP 
Paribas or one of its affiliates) in which case information on the commodity index may be less readily 
available. A commodity index may be comprised of futures contracts, mono-indices, or other commodity 
indices, which may be proprietary. Pursuant to the operational rules of the relevant commodity index, the 
commodity index is scheduled to be calculated on a periodic basis (for example on each weekday). In the 
event that one of the levels, values or prices of a component included in the commodity index is not available 
for any reason on a relevant day of calculation including, without limitation, (a) where it is a not a business 
day in respect of that commodity index component or (b) that commodity index component is subject to a 
market disruption event, then the calculation agent of the commodity index may calculate the level of the 
commodity index on a different basis (for example, by taking a value for the affected commodity index 
component on the first day following the end of a specified maximum days of disruption based on the price 
at which it is able to sell or otherwise realise any hedge position). Such an occurrence may potentially result 
in a delay in the publication of the commodity index and the level of the commodity index may be affected. 
A Market Disruption Event will occur if there is a disruption in respect of a commodity or a commodity index 
(a) to the availability of any price source, (b) to the ability to trade, (c) (other than in respect of Commodity 
Linked Securities referencing Gold, Silver, Platinum or Palladium) caused by a change in composition, 
methodology or taxation, (d) (in respect of a commodity index only) to the price source or calculation of a 
commodity index component or (e) (in respect of Commodity Linked Securities referencing EU Allowances 
only) (i) to the ability to deliver or accept EU Allowances, (ii) resulting from the discontinuation of the 
scheme for transferring allowances, (iii) caused by a suspension by the relevant registries of operations 
relating to recording the issue, holding, transfer, acquisition, surrender, cancellation and/or replacement of 
EU Allowances or (iv) to the establishment and functioning of the relevant registries or transaction logs 
maintained in respect of EU Allowance transactions. If a Market Disruption Event occurs:  
(a)
the Calculation Agent may make any calculations in respect of the Commodity Linked Securities 
using a price, level or value that it has determined; 
(b)
the Calculation Agent may substitute any relevant commodity, reference price or commodity index 
component (subject to adhering to the criteria set out in the Conditions);

--- Page 115 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 115 - 
(c)
the Issuer may redeem the Commodity Linked Securities in full at the Early Redemption Amount; 
or 
(d)
(in the case of Commodity Linked Securities that reference an EU Allowance) the Calculation Agent 
may make any adjustment(s) to the terms of the Commodity Linked Securities as it considers 
appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In the case of Commodity Linked Securities that reference one or more commodity indices, if: 
(a)
the commodity index is replaced by a successor commodity index with the same or a substantially 
similar method for calculating that commodity index or the original commodity index sponsor is 
replaced by a successor commodity index sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent such 
successor commodity index or successor commodity index sponsor will replace the original 
commodity index or the original commodity index sponsor, as applicable; and 
(b)
following a modification to the methodology of the commodity index (a Commodity Index 
Modification), a permanent cancellation of the commodity index (a Commodity Index Cancellation) 
or if the commodity index sponsor fails to calculate or publish the level of the commodity index on 
a relevant date for valuation (a Commodity Index Disruption) (each, a Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event), (i) the Calculation Agent may determine whether to (x) determine the level of the commodity 
index itself, or (y) replace the commodity index, or (ii) the Issuer may redeem the Commodity Linked 
Securities at the Early Redemption Amount. 
In addition, if the reference price of a commodity or commodity index is subsequently corrected, the corrected 
reference price will be used if corrected within 30 calendar days of the original publication, provided that, if 
the corrected level is published less than three Commodity Business Days prior to a due date for payment it 
will be disregarded. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies that the Commodity Linked Securities are linked to the performance 
of a futures contract in respect of a commodity, the considerations described above will apply to such futures 
contract by reference to the underlying commodity.  
Additional investment considerations in respect of Commodity Securities that are linked to EU Allowances 
The market for carbon emission allowances or credits has emerged as a consequence of the Kyoto Protocol 
and covers both industrial and developing countries. Industrial countries are allocated emissions allowances 
under the Kyoto Protocol. The EU introduced its own emission trading scheme (the "EU-ETS") in 2005 
(pursuant to Directive 2003/87/EC, as amended from time to time (the "EU Emissions Allowance 
Directive"), which extends beyond the 2012 termination of the Kyoto Protocol. 
An EU Allowance refers to an "allowance", as such term is defined in the EU Emissions Allowance Directive, 
that has been issued by a competent authority pursuant to Article 25 of the EU Emissions Allowance 
Directive. One EU Allowance corresponds to the emission by the holder of one tonne of carbon dioxide 
(CO2) equivalent during a specified period which is valid for meeting certain emissions related obligations. 
The EU's member states issue new EU Allowances annually to each company subject to the EU-ETS. These 
awards are made in accordance with an allocation plan approved by the European Commission which is 
based on the EU's application of the Kyoto Protocol's obligations to the industries covered by the EU-ETS. 
By 30 April in each year, companies are obliged to "surrender" a number of EU Allowances corresponding 
to their actual emissions in the preceding year. EU Allowances can also be rolled over from one year to the 
next if a company emits less carbon dioxide or carbon-equivalent greenhouse gas than the EU Allowances it 
holds. EU Allowances have a limited or no value outside the EU-ETS.

--- Page 116 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 116 - 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Inflation Linked Securities 
In respect of Inflation Linked Securities, Holders of Securities will receive an amount (if any) on redemption 
determined by reference to the value of the underlying inflation index/indices and/or the Inflation Linked 
Securities will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of the underlying inflation index/indices. 
The terms of the Inflation Linked Securities may be adjusted by the Calculation Agent if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of an inflation index. The 
Calculation Agent will determine a substitute level for the relevant inflation index by reference to (a) a related 
bond specified in the Final Terms or (b) a formula that calculates the level of the relevant inflation index 
based on previously available levels. If publication of the level of the relevant inflation index is disrupted or 
discontinued or the inflation index is cancelled, the Calculation Agent may determine a successor inflation 
index. The Calculation Agent may further adjust the terms of the Inflation Linked Securities to take account 
of such substitute level or substitute inflation index. 
The Calculation Agent may also make adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Securities or the 
relevant level of an inflation index if (a) a published level is subsequently revised within the cut-off periods 
described in the Conditions, (b) there is a material change to the formula for calculating an inflation index or 
(c) an inflation index is rebased, provided that, if an inflation index is rebased such that the Calculation Agent 
is unable to make adjustments that would produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer may redeem 
the Inflation Linked Securities at the Early Redemption Amount. 
Investors should be aware that if an inflation index is cancelled (and the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a successor inflation index), either the Calculation Agent will calculate the level of the inflation 
index or the Issuer will redeem the Inflation Linked Securities at the Early Redemption Amount in accordance 
with the Conditions. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Currency Linked Securities 
In respect of Currency Linked Securities, Holders of Securities will receive an amount (if any) on redemption 
determined by reference to the value of the currency/currencies and/or the physical delivery of a given 
amount of a currency or currencies and/or Currency Linked Securities will pay interest calculated by 
reference to the value of the underlying currency/currencies. Currency Linked Securities reference the 
performance of an exchange rate between a base currency and one or more subject currencies. 
A Disruption Event will occur in respect of the base currency or any subject currency if (i) there is a disruption 
to the source of the exchange rate, (ii) (unless Illiquidity Disruption is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) it is not possible to obtain firm quotes for such currency, (iii) the currency is split 
into more than one currency exchange rate, or (iv) circumstances similar to (i), (ii) (if applicable) or (iii) 
arise. Upon the occurrence of a Disruption Event in respect of a date for valuation, the following 
consequences may apply:  
(a)
the Calculation Agent may postpone the relevant date for valuation until the Disruption Event is no 
longer subsisting, up to a maximum number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if 
not specified five Scheduled Trading Days), following which the Calculation Agent may determine 
a level for the subject currency as of the last such Scheduled Trading Day;  
(b)
the Issuer may redeem the Currency Linked Securities in full at the Early Redemption Amount; or 
(c)
(unless Disruption Postponement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Calculation Agent may postpone any payment date until a Disruption Event is no longer subsisting.

--- Page 117 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 117 - 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Fund Linked Securities (other than where the Fund is a 
Euro Fund) 
In respect of Fund Linked Securities (other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund), Holders of Securities will 
receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference to the value of fund shares or units in one 
or more funds (including hedge funds, mutual funds or private equity funds) (each a "Fund"), the level of a 
fund index comprised of such fund shares or units and/or the physical delivery of a given number of fund 
shares or units and/or Fund Linked Securities will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of the 
fund shares or units or the level of the fund index. The value of fund shares or units or the level of a fund 
index may be affected by the performance of the fund service providers, and in particular the investment 
adviser (each, a "Fund Services Provider"). 
Funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments and financial instruments using sophisticated 
investment techniques. None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Swap Counterparty or the Calculation 
Agent have any control over investments made by a Fund and therefore in no way guarantee the performance 
of a Fund. Funds may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a monthly, quarterly or even less frequent 
basis. The trading strategies of Funds are often opaque. Funds, as well as the markets and instruments in 
which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, self-regulatory organisations 
or other supervisory authorities. 
A Fund may be established as part of a master-feeder fund structure. Generally, a master-feeder fund structure 
involves the incorporation of a "master" fund company into which separate and distinct "feeder" funds invest. 
Active management of any investment strategy is, generally, performed at the master fund level. In instances 
where the Fund(s) underlying the relevant Fund Linked Securities are "feeder" funds, the Extraordinary Fund 
Events described below extend to include the "master" fund and its service providers. In conducting their 
own due diligence of the relevant Fund(s), prospective investors should consider whether the relevant Fund(s) 
are established as part of a master-feeder fund structure. 
No Fund Service Provider will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Fund Linked Securities, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), 
the Swap Counterparty, the Trustee, the Calculation Agent or any Dealer will make any investigation or 
enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any such issuer of fund 
shares or units contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. 
Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including 
events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information described in this 
paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the fund shares or units or 
the level of the fund index will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or 
the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of fund shares or units 
could affect the trading price of the fund shares or units or the level of the fund index and therefore the trading 
price of the Fund Linked Securities.  
Except as provided in the Conditions, Holders of Securities will not have voting rights or rights to receive 
dividends or distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant fund shares or units or the relevant 
fund index to which such Securities relate.  
An Extraordinary Fund Event will occur as a result of events including (a) a merger of the Fund or Fund 
Service Provider another entity, an entity obtaining a controlling stake in the Fund or Fund Service Provider 
or the insolvency of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (Global Events), (b) material litigation or 
allegations of criminal or fraudulent activity in respect of the Fund or Fund Service Provider 
(Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events), (c) the Fund Service Provider or its key personnel ceasing to act and 
not being replaced (Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events), (d) a material change to the Fund or the Fund 
Documents (Modification Events), (e) a change to or suspension of the calculation of the NAV per Fund 
Share or a breach of the AUM Level or NAV Trigger Percentage (NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events), 
(f) the failure of the Fund or the Fund Service Provider to provide required information (Reporting Events),

--- Page 118 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 118 - 
(g) a change in tax law, revocation of any required licence or compulsory redemption of the fund shares 
required by a competent authority (Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events), (h) an issue affecting the 
hedging associated with the Fund Linked Securities (Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events), (i) a 
restriction or limitation on subscriptions or redemptions of any fund shares (Dealing Events) and (j) other 
events such as an Extraordinary Fund Event affecting a portion of the basket or Fund Index components, an 
issue with any rebate agreements, segregation of Fund portfolios, security granted by the Fund or any Fund 
Service Provider or a rating downgrade (Miscellaneous Events), each more fully described in the Conditions. 
The Issuer may require the Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of the Fund Linked Securities to reflect 
such event, substitute the relevant Fund Shares or the Issuer may redeem the Fund Linked Securities at the 
Early Redemption Amount. 
If the Fund Linked Securities reference a fund index, a Fund Index Adjustment Event will occur following a 
modification to the methodology of the fund index (a Fund Index Modification), a permanent cancellation of 
the fund index (a Fund Index Cancellation) or if the fund index sponsor fails to calculate or publish the level 
of the fund index on a relevant date for valuation (a Fund Index Disruption). Upon the occurrence of a Fund 
Index Adjustment Event, (i) the Calculation Agent may determine whether to (x) determine the level of the 
fund index itself, or (y) replace the fund index, or (ii) the Issuer may early redeem the Fund Linked Securities 
at the Early Redemption Amount. 
The Hedge Provider may not receive the proceeds of redeeming any fund shares that they hold on the date 
expected, for example, if redemption is delayed or suspended by the Fund. If this occurs, the Maturity Date, 
the Redemption Date or the Settlement Date of the Fund Linked Securities may be postponed for a period of 
up to two calendar years (or such other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) and no 
additional amount shall be payable as a result of such delay. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Fund Linked Securities (where the Fund is a Euro Fund) 
In respect of Fund Linked Securities where the Fund is a Euro Fund, Holders will receive an amount (if any) 
on redemption determined by reference to the gross rate of return of an insurance or investment policy or 
capitalisation contract backed by euro-denominated assets (a "Euro Fund") offered by the insurance 
company specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or Fund Linked Securities will pay interest calculated 
by reference to such gross rate of return. The gross rate of return in respect of a Euro Fund may be affected 
by the performance of the insurance company that offers the Euro Fund and/or the assets underlying the Euro 
Fund. 
Euro Funds typically invest in long-term, stable assets, such as bonds, on a "buy-to-hold" basis. As a 
consequence, although none of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent have any 
control over investments made by a Euro Fund, the yield of a Euro Fund portfolio is generally known in 
advance. Euro Funds offer investors a guaranteed rate of return, which is generally higher than the money 
market rate, but limited in terms of performance potential. 
No insurance company will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in establishing 
the terms of the Fund Linked Securities, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Dealer 
will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information 
concerning any such insurance company offering such Euro Fund or the assets underlying such Euro Fund 
referenced in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. 
Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including 
events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information described in this 
paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the gross rate of return of the Euro Fund will 
have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to 
disclose material future events concerning such an insurance company could affect the gross rate of return of 
the Euro Fund and therefore the trading price of the Fund Linked Securities.

--- Page 119 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 119 - 
An Extraordinary Euro Fund Event will occur as a result of events including (a) the application of the gross 
rate of return of the Euro Fund in a manner that is different to that which is described in the contractual policy 
documents of the Euro Fund, (b) redemption by the insurance company of a policyholder's investment in the 
Euro Fund or cancellation of the Euro Fund, (c) a material modification of the Euro Fund, (d) a merger of 
the insurance company with another entity (or similar event) or the sale, transfer, segregation or desegregation 
of the assets of the insurance company which affects the gross rate of return of the Euro Fund, (d) the 
insolvency of the insurance company, (e) any litigation against the insurance company that could materially 
affect the rate of return of the Euro Fund, (f) a change in tax law, revocation of any required licence or 
compulsory redemption of policyholders' investments in a Euro Fund required by a competent authority or 
(g) the failure of the insurance company to provide required information, each more fully described in the 
Conditions. The Calculation Agent may adjust the terms of the Fund Linked Securities to reflect such event, 
substitute the relevant Euro Fund or the Issuer may redeem the Fund Linked Securities at the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Underlying Interest Rate Securities 
In respect of Underlying Interest Rate Securities, Holders of Securities will receive an amount (if any) on 
redemption or settlement determined by reference to the value of one or more underlying interest rates and/or 
Underlying Interest Rate Securities will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of one or more 
underlying interest rates. 
The underlying interest rate will be determined by reference to a hypothetical interest rate swap transaction 
if ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or by reference to a rate provided on a 
screen page if Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms. Regardless of the rate 
that is determined, if it is subject to a cap and/or a floor, such underlying interest rate will be deemed to be 
no higher than the Maximum Underlying Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or no 
lower than the Minimum Underlying Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Credit Linked Securities 
In respect of Credit Linked Securities, Holders of Securities will receive an amount (if any) on redemption 
determined by reference to an actual or a hypothetical credit default swap referencing obligations of one or 
more Reference Entities.  Reference Entities may be corporate, sovereign or supra-national entities.  
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity to which the Credit Linked 
Securities are linked, the redemption value and any interest payable in respect of the Credit Linked Securities 
may be significantly reduced, which reduction may be to zero.  The observation period during which a Credit 
Event in respect of a Reference Entity may trigger a reduction of the redemption amount or interest payable 
in respect of a Credit Linked Security will be specified in the applicable Final Terms, and may begin prior to 
the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Securities.
The market value of Credit Linked Securities will be linked to the market perception of the creditworthiness 
of the relevant Reference Entity.  Even where a Credit Event does not occur, the market value of the Credit 
Linked Securities may be adversely affected when the probability or perceived probability of a Credit Event 
occurring in respect of any Reference Entity increases.
Buying a Credit Linked Security is not equivalent to investing in debt obligations of a Reference Entity.  A 
Credit Linked Security confers no rights in respect of any debt obligations of the relevant Reference Entity.  
The holding of a Credit Linked Security is unlikely to lead to outcomes which exactly reflect the impact of 
investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity. The Issuer's obligations in respect of Credit Linked Securities 
are irrespective of the existence or amount of the Issuer's and/or any Affiliates' credit exposure to a Reference 
Entity. 
A Credit Event may occur as a result of events including: (a) the relevant Reference Entity's failure to perform 
certain financial obligations when due (where the NTCE Provisions are not applicable in respect of a 
particular Reference Entity, whether or not such failure represents a deterioration in the financial condition

--- Page 120 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
- 120 - 
or creditworthiness of the Reference Entity); (b) with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, its dissolution, 
insolvency, inability to pay its debts, entry into a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, becoming the subject of proceedings seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any similar relief, passing of a resolution for its winding-up or liquidation, or 
being subject to the appointment of an administrator, liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or 
other similar official for its assets; (c) certain financial obligations of the relevant Reference Entity becoming 
(or being capable of becoming) due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as 
a result of the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described); (d) an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a governmental authority disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more of certain 
financial obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, or declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-
over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to such obligations; (e) a restructuring of certain 
financial obligations of the relevant Reference Entity is agreed between the Reference Entity or a 
governmental authority and a sufficient number of holders of the relevant obligation to bind all holders of 
such obligations, or such a restructuring is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the relevant Reference Entity 
or a governmental authority in a form that binds all holders of the relevant obligations, where such event is 
not expressly provided for under the terms of such obligations (and whether or not such restructuring arises 
from a deterioration in the financial condition or creditworthiness of the Reference Entity); or (f) certain 
rights of creditors in respect of certain financial obligations of the Reference Entity are adversely affected as 
a result of action taken or an announcement made by a governmental authority pursuant to, or by means of, 
a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, 
applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of such obligations. The foregoing summary is not a comprehensive list of 
events which may constitute a Credit Event, and such events are more fully described in the Conditions. 
Applicable Credit Events in respect of a particular Reference Entity will be set out in the terms of the Credit 
Linked Securities (which may be by reference to publicly available documentation). The application of 
certain Credit Events with respect to certain Reference Entities may be further varied by the terms of the 
Credit Linked Securities.

--- Page 121 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 121 - 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(a)
the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 27 November 2013 (the "2013 Base Prospectus") (accessible 
on 
https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/SecurAsset-Base-Prospectus-dated-27-
November-2013.pdf) and the supplement to the 2013 Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2014 (the "April 
2014 Supplement") (accessible on https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/Second-
Supplement-dated-23-April-2014-to-Base-Prospectus-dated-27-November-2013.pdf) (the 2013 Base 
Prospectus and the April 2014 Supplement together, the "Supplemented 2013 Base Prospectus") ; 
the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 27 November 2014 (the "2014 Base Prospectus") (accessible 
on 
https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/SecurAsset-Base-Prospectus-dated-27-
November-2014.pdf) and the supplement to the 2014 Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2015 (the "June 
2015 Supplement") (accessible on https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/Supplement-
dated-26-June-2015-to-the-Base-Propsectus-27-November-2014.pdf) (the 2014 Base Prospectus and 
the June 2015 Supplement together, the "Supplemented 2014 Base Prospectus") );  
the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 27 November 2015 (the "2015 Base Prospectus") (accessible 
on https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/SecurAsset_Base_Prospectus_2015.pdf) and the 
supplement to the 2015 Base Prospectus dated 27 May 2016 (the "May 2016 Supplement") 
(accessible on https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/Supplement-dated-27-May-2016-to-
Base-Prospectus-dated-27-November-2015.pdf) (the 2015 Base Prospectus and the May 2016 
Supplement together, the "Supplemented 2015 Base Prospectus"); 
the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 28 September 2016 (the "2016 Base Prospectus") (accessible 
on 
https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/SecurAsset-Base-Pospectus-dated-28-
September-2016.pdf) and the supplement to the 2016 Base Prospectus dated 1 March 2017 (the 
"March 
2017 
Supplement") 
(accessible 
on 
https://securasset.lu/wp-
content/uploads/2020/07/Supplement-dated-1-March-2017-to-Base-Prospectus-dated-28-September-
2016.pdf) (the 2016 Base Prospectus and the March 2017 Supplement together, the "Supplemented 
2016 Base Prospectus"); 
the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 26 September 2017 (the "2017 Base Prospectus") (accessible 
on 
https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/SecurAsset-Base-Prospectus-dated-26-
September-2017.pdf) and the supplement to the 2017 Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2018 (the "May 
2018 Supplement") (accessible on https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/Supplement-
dated-25-May-2018-to-Base-Prospectus-2017.pdf) (the 2017 Base Prospectus and the May 2018 
Supplement together, the "Supplemented 2017 Base Prospectus") );
the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 7 August 2018 (the "2018 Base Prospectus") (accessible on 
https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/SecurAsset-Base-Prospectus-dated-7-August-
2018.pdf); 
the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 3 July 2019 (the "2019 Base Prospectus") (accessible on 
https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/SecurAsset-Base-Prospectus-dated-3-July-
2019.pdf); 
the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 10 July 2020 (the "2020 Base Prospectus") (accessible on 
https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2020/07/SecurAsset-2020-Programme-Update-Base-
Prospectus.pdf)

--- Page 122 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 122 - 
the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 9 July 2021 (the "2021 Base Prospectus") (accessible on 
https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2021/07/SecurAsset-2021-Programme-Update-Final-Base-
Prospectus.pdf) 
SecurAsset's annual report, consisting of management report, annual accounts and audit report for the 
financial year ending 31 December 2020 (the "2020 Annual Accounts") (accessible on 
https://securasset.lu/wp-
content/uploads/2021/07/SecurAsset_Audited_Annual_Accounts_as_of_31_December_2020_.pdf); 
and annual report, consisting of management report, annual accounts and audit report for the financial 
year ending 31 December 2021 (the "2021 Annual Accounts" and, together with the 2020 Annual 
Accounts, 
the 
"Annual 
Accounts") 
(accessible 
on 
https://securasset.lu/wp-
content/uploads/2022/06/Depot_22_83295-Securasset-SA-FS2021.pdf); 
SecurAsset's unaudited financial information for the six months ending 30 June 2022 (the "2022 
Interim Accounts") (accessible on https://securasset.lu/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/Unaudited-
Interim-Accounts-of-SecurAsset-SA-as-of-30-June-2022.pdf) and SecurAsset's unaudited financial 
information for the six months ending 30 June 2021 (accessible on https://securasset.lu/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/Unaudited-Interim-Accounts-of-SecurAsset-SA-as-of-30-June-2021.pdf) 
(the "2021 Interim Accounts" and, together with the 2022 Interim Accounts, the "Interim 
Accounts"); 
the audited consolidated financial statements of BNP Paribas as at, and for the years ended, 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 (the "BNPP 2020 Financial Statements" and the "BNPP 
2021 Financial Statements", respectively), together with the respective statutory auditors' reports 
thereon, as contained in BNP Paribas' document d'enregistrement universel et rapport financier annuel
in English for 2020 (the "BNPP 2020 Universal Registration Document (in English)"), accessible 
on 
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/universal-registration-document-and-annual-financial-
report-2020) and in BNP Paribas' document d'enregistrement universel et rapport financier annuel in 
English for 2021 (the "BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English)"), respectively 
(accessible on https://invest.bnpparibas/en/groupe-de-document/universal-registration-document-
and-annual-financial-report-2021);  
the third Amendment au Document d'Enregistrement Universel 2021 (in English), other than the 
sections entitled "Person Responsible for the Universal Registration Document" and the "Table of 
Concordance", (the "Third Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in 
English)") 
(accessible 
on 
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/3rd-amendment-to-the-2021-
universal-registration-document); and 
the fourth Amendment au Document d'Enregistrement Universel 2021 (in English), other than the 
sections entitled "Person Responsible for the Universal Registration Document" and the "Table of 
Concordance", (the "Fourth Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in 
English)") 
(accessible 
on 
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/4th-amendment-to-the-2021-
universal-registration-document), 
save that to the extent that there is any inconsistency between (a) any statement in, or incorporated by 
reference in, this Base Prospectus by the documents listed above and (b) any other statement in, or 
incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus, the statements in (a) above will prevail.  
This Base Prospectus, the Supplemented 2013 Base Prospectus, the Supplemented 2014 Base Prospectus, 
the Supplemented 2015 Base Prospectus, the Supplemented 2016 Base Prospectus, the Supplemented 2017 
Base Prospectus, the 2018 Base Prospectus, the 2019 Base Prospectus, the 2020 Base Prospectus, the Annual 
Accounts, the BNPP 2020 Universal Registration Document (in English), the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English), the Third Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) and the Fourth Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in

--- Page 123 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 123 - 
English) have been published and filed with the CSSF and shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus save that any statement contained in any such document which is deemed to be incorporated 
by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to 
the extent that such statement is inconsistent with a statement contained in this Base Prospectus. 
Any (i) documents incorporated by reference within and/or (ii) sections not listed in the cross-reference lists 
below in respect of the documents listed above in sub-paragraphs (a) to (n) are either deemed not relevant 
for an investor or are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  
The information incorporated by reference above is available as follows: 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
Reference 
SecurAsset 
The 2013 Supplemented Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 320 to 388 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (addition to 
Condition 5(b) (vi) (Determination of Rate of Interest 
and Calculation of Interest Amount)) 
Page 2 of the April 2014 Supplement 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Pages 389 to 442 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
Pages 443 to 513 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (addition to 
Condition 4(b)(vi) (Determination of Rate of Interest 
and Calculation of Interest Amount))
Page 2 of the April 2014 Supplement 
Annexes 1 to 11 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
Pages 514 to 762 of the 2013 Base Prospectus 
Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Payouts) (addition to Payout Condition 1.2(b)(i) (SPS 
Reverse Convertible Securities)) 
Page 2 of the April 2014 Supplement 
Annex 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Index 
Linked Securities) (addition to Index Linked 
Conditions 4, 8(B)(1), 10 and 12) 
Pages 2 to 3 of the April 2014 Supplement 
Annex 3 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Share 
Linked Securities) (addition to Share Linked 
Condition 4 (Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event) 
Page 3 of the April 2014 Supplement 
Annex 8 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund 
Linked Securities) (addition to Fund Linked Condition 
1 (Definitions)) 
Pages 3 to 4 of the April 2014 Supplement 
Annex 11 (Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI 
Linked Securities) (addition to ETI Linked Condition 
1 (Definitions)) 
Pages 4 to 5 of the April 2014 Supplement 
SecurAsset 
The 2014 Supplemented Base Prospectus

--- Page 124 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 124 - 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 351 to 428 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (addition to 
Condition 7(l) (Early Redemption Events) and 
amendment to Condition 8(a)(i)) 
Pages 8 to 9 of the June 2015 Supplement 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Pages 429 to 487 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants (addition to 
Condition 8(c) (Early Redemption Events) and 
amendment to Condition 8(c)(ix) and Condition 
9(a)(i)) 
Pages 10 to 11 of the June 2015 Supplement 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
Pages 488 to 568 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (addition to 
Condition 8(l) (Early Redemption Events) and 
amendment to Condition 8(l)(ix) and Condition 
9(a)(i)) 
Pages 11 to 12 of the June 2015 Supplement 
Annexes 1 to 11 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
Pages 569 to 883 of the 2014 Base Prospectus 
Annex 2 (Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Index Linked Securities) (amendment to Index 
Linked Condition 4 (Definitions)) 
Pages 12 to 14 of the June 2015 Supplement 
SecurAsset 
The 2015 Supplemented Base Prospectus
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 364 to 450 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Page 13 of the May 2016 Supplement 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Pages 451 to 514 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Page 13 of the May 2016 Supplement 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
Pages 515 to 604 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
Page 13 of the May 2016 Supplement 
Annexes 1 to 11 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
Pages 605 to 922 of the 2015 Base Prospectus 
SecurAsset 
The 2016 Supplemented Base Prospectus
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 381 to 468 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
Pages 469 to 533 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
Pages 534 to 623 of the 2016 Base Prospectus 
Annexes 1 to 11 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
Pages 624 to 943 of the 2016 Base Prospectus

--- Page 125 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 125 - 
SecurAsset 
The 2017 Supplemented Base Prospectus
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 397 to 490 of the 2017 Base Prospectus  
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants  
Pages 491 to 554 of the 2017 Base Prospectus  
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
Pages 555 to 560 of the 2017 Base Prospectus  
Annexes 1 to 11 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
Pages 651 to 981 of the 2017 Base Prospectus  
SecurAsset 
2018 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 442 to 543 of the 2018 Base Prospectus  
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants  
Pages 544 to 609 of the 2018 Base Prospectus  
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
Pages 610 to 713 of the 2018 Base Prospectus  
Annexes 1 to 12 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
Pages 714 to 1101 of the 2018 Base Prospectus  
SecurAsset 
2019 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 454 to 560 of the 2019 Base Prospectus  
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants  
Pages 561 to 625 of the 2019 Base Prospectus  
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
Pages 626 to 733 of the 2019 Base Prospectus  
Annexes 1 to 12 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
Pages 734 to 1090 of the 2019 Base Prospectus  
SecurAsset 
2020 Base Prospectus
Form of Final Terms for Notes 
Pages 226 to 313 of the 2020 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 447 to 575 of the 2020 Base Prospectus  
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants  
Pages 576 to 643 of the 2020 Base Prospectus  
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
Pages 644 to 774 of the 2020 Base Prospectus  
Annexes 1 to 12 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
Pages 775 to 1158 of the 2020 Base Prospectus  
SecurAsset 
2021 Base Prospectus
Form of Final Terms for Notes 
Pages 238 to 330 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 471 to 616 of the 2021 Base Prospectus

--- Page 126 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 126 - 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants  
Pages 617 to 684 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
Pages 685 to 831 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
Annexes 1 to 12 - Additional Terms and Conditions 
Pages 832 to 1230 of the 2021 Base Prospectus 
SecurAsset 
2020 Annual Accounts 
Management Report 
Pages 2 to 4 of the 2020 Annual Accounts 
Responsibility Statement 
Page 5 of the 2020 Annual Accounts 
Corporate Governance Statement 
Pages 6 to 8 of the 2020 Annual Accounts 
Independent Auditors Report  
Pages 9 to 13 of the 2020 Annual Accounts 
Combined Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2020 
Pages 14 to 15 of the 2020 Annual Accounts 
Combined Profit and Loss Account for the period 
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 
Page 16 of the 2020 Annual Accounts 
Notes to the Annual Accounts  
Pages 17 to 242 of the 2020 Annual Accounts 
SecurAsset 
2021 Annual Accounts
Management Report 
Pages 3 to 5 of the 2021 Annual Accounts 
Responsibility Statement 
Page 6 of the 2021 Annual Accounts 
Corporate Governance Statement 
Pages 7 to 9 of the 2021 Annual Accounts 
Independent Auditors Report  
Pages 10 to 14 of the 2021 Annual Accounts 
Combined Balance Sheet as at 31 December 2020 
Pages 15 to 16 of the 2021 Annual Accounts 
Combined Profit and Loss Account for the period 
from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 
Page 17 of the 2021 Annual Accounts 
Notes to the Annual Accounts  
Pages 18 to 223 of the 2021 Annual Accounts 
SecurAsset 
2021 Interim Accounts
Management Report 
Pages 2 to 4 of the 2021 Interim Accounts 
Responsibility Statement 
Page 5 of the 2021 Interim Accounts 
Corporate Governance Statement 
Pages 6 to 8 of the 2021 Interim Accounts 
Combined Balance Sheet as at 30 June 2021 
Pages 9 and 10 of the 2021 Interim Accounts 
Combined Profit and Loss Account for the period 
from 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021 
Page 11 of the 2021 Interim Accounts

--- Page 127 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 127 - 
Notes to the Interim Accounts 
Pages 12 to 219 of the 2021 Interim Accounts 
SecurAsset 
2022 Interim Accounts
Management Report 
Pages 3 to 5 of the 2022 Interim Accounts 
Responsibility Statement 
Page 6 of the 2022 Interim Accounts 
Corporate Governance Statement 
Pages 7 to 9 of the 2022 Interim Accounts 
Combined Balance Sheet as at 30 June 2022 
Pages 10 and 11 of the 2022 Interim Accounts 
Combined Profit and Loss Account for the period 
from 1 January 2022 to 30 June 2022 
Page 12 of the 2022 Interim Accounts 
Notes to the Interim Accounts 
Pages 13 to 195 of the 2022 Interim Accounts 
BNPP 2020 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
2020 Financial Statements 
Profit and loss account for the year ended 31 December 
2020 
Page 164 of the BNPP 2020 Universal Registration 
Document (in English)  
Statement of net income and changes in assets and 
liabilities recognised directly in equity  
Page 165 of the BNPP 2020 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2020 
Page 166 of the BNPP 2020 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 
2020 
Page 167 of the BNPP 2020 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Statement of changes in shareholders’ equity between 
1 January 2020 and 31 December 2020 
Pages 168 and 169 of the BNPP 2020 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
Notes to the financial statements prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union  
Pages 170 to 271 of the BNPP 2020 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
Statutory Auditors’ report on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of BNP Paribas for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 
Pages 272 to 277 of the BNPP 2020 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English)
Extracts of Annex 6 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 
4.  
Information about the Guarantor
4.1 
History and development of the Guarantor 
Page 6 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English)

--- Page 128 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 128 - 
4.1.1. 
The legal and commercial name of the 
Guarantor 
Page 695 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
4.1.2.  The place of registration of the Guarantor and 
its registration number; 
Pages 677 and 704 (back cover) of the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
4.1.3.  The date of incorporation and the length of 
life of the Guarantor, except where the period 
is indefinite; 
Page 677 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
4.1.4.  The domicile and legal form of the issuer, the 
legislation under which the issuer operates, its 
country 
of 
incorporation, 
the 
address, 
telephone number of its registered office (or 
principal place of business if different from its 
registered office) and website of the issuer, if 
any, with a disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information 
is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
Pages 677 and 704 (back cover) of the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
4.1.6. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Guarantor at the 
request or with the cooperation of the issuer in 
the rating process. 
Page 5 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English)    
4.1.8 
Description of the expected financing of the 
Guarantor's activities 
Pages 482 to 485 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English)    
5.  
Business Overview
5.1.1. 
 A brief description of  
-  the Guarantor’s principal activities stating, 
- 
main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed. 
Pages 7 to 18, 218 to 221 and 670 to 676 of the BNPP 
2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
5.2.  
The basis for any statements in the 
registration document made by the Guarantor 
regarding its competitive position. 
Pages 7 to 18 and 132 to 148 of the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
6.  
Organisational Structure
6.1  
If the Guarantor is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the Guarantor's 
position within it. This may be in the form of, 
or accompanied by, a diagram of the 
organisational structure if this helps to clarify 
the structure.
Pages 4 and 670-675 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English)

--- Page 129 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 129 - 
6.2.  
If the Guarantor is dependent upon other 
entities within the group, this must be clearly 
stated together with an explanation of this 
dependence. 
Pages 281-289, 562-569, 668 and 670-675 of the 
BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
7.  
Trend Information
7.2.  
Information 
on 
any 
known 
trends, 
uncertainties, demands, commitments or 
events that are reasonably likely to have a 
material effect on the issuer’s prospects for at 
least the current financial year.  
Pages 157 to 160 and 669 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English)  
9.  
Administrative, 
Management, 
and 
Supervisory Bodies
9.1.  
Names, business addresses and functions in 
the Guarantor of the members of the 
administrative, management or supervisory 
bodies, and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside the 
Guarantor where these are significant with 
respect to that Guarantor: 
(a)  members 
of 
the 
administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; 
(b)  partners with unlimited liability, in the 
case of a limited partnership with a share 
capital. 
Pages 35 to 50 and 114 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
9.2.  
Administrative, 
management, 
and 
supervisory bodies conflicts of interests. 
Potential conflicts of interests between any 
duties to the issuing entity of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1 and their private 
interests and/or other duties must be clearly 
stated. In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, make a statement to that effect.  
Pages 55-57, 70-71 and 81-110 of the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
10.  
Major Shareholders
10.1.  
To the extent known to the Guarantor, state 
whether the Guarantor is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom, and 
describe the nature of such control, and 
describe the measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused. 
Pages 19 and 20 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
10.2.  
A description of any arrangements, known to 
the Guarantor, the operation of which may at 
Pages 19 and 20 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English)

--- Page 130 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 130 - 
a subsequent date result in a change in control 
of the Guarantor. 
12.  
Additional Information  
12.1.  
Share capital  
The amount of the issued capital, the number 
and classes of the shares of which it is 
composed with details of their principal 
characteristics, the part of the issued capital 
still to be paid up with an indication of the 
number, or total nominal value and the type of 
the shares not yet fully paid up, broken down 
where applicable according to the extent to 
which they have been paid up.  
Pages 19, 264 to 266, 551 to 553, 677 and 702 of the 
BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
12.2.  
Memorandum and Articles of Association  
The register and the entry number therein, if 
applicable, and a description of the issuer’s 
objects and purposes and where they can be 
found in the memorandum and articles of 
association.  
Pages 677 to 682 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
13.  
Material Contracts  
13.1.  
A brief summary of all material contracts that 
are not entered into in the ordinary course of 
the issuer’s business, which could result in 
any group member being under an obligation 
or an entitlement that is material to the 
issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to 
security holders in respect of the securities 
being issued.  
Page 668 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
2021 Financial Statements
Profit and loss account for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
Page 180 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Statement of net income and changes in assets and 
liabilities recognised directly in equity  
Page 181 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2021 
Page 182 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
Page 183 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Statement of changes in shareholders’ equity between 
1 January 2021 and 31 December 2021 
Pages 184 and 185 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English)

--- Page 131 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 131 - 
The documents constituting the BNP Paribas Disclosure will be available for viewing on the website of BNPP 
(www.invest.bnpparibas.com). In addition, this Base Prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference herein 
and any Final Terms relating to Securities admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market as aforementioned will be published on the Internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at 
www.bourse.lu.  
Notes to the financial statements prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union  
Pages 186 to 290 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
Statutory Auditors’ report on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of BNP Paribas for the year ended 
31 December 2021 
Pages 291 to 296 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
Third Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
A brief description of the Guarantor's principal 
activities 
Page 3 of the Third Amendment to the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
Names, business addresses and functions in the 
Guarantor of the members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies, and an indication 
of the principal activities performed by them outside 
the Guarantor where these are significant with respect 
to that Guarantor 
Pages 237 to 239 of the Third Amendment to the BNPP 
2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
Shareholders owning more than 5% of the Guarantor's 
capital or voting rights 
Pages 236 of the Third Amendment to the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
Statutory Auditors  
Page 236 of the Third Amendment to the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
Fourth Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English)
Semi-annual Financial Information 
Pages 3 to 138 of the Fourth Amendment to the BNPP 
2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
Changes in Share Capital 
Page 98 of the Fourth Amendment to the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
Any recent events particular to the Guarantor which are 
to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the 
Guarantor's solvency. 
Page 202 of the Fourth Amendment to the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
Information on any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at least the previous 12 
months which may have, or have had in the recent past 
significant effects on the issuer and/or group's financial 
position or profitability, or provide an appropriate 
negative statement. 
Pages 102 and 103 of the Fourth Amendment to the 
BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in 
English)

--- Page 132 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
- 132 - 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a Supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved by 
the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such Supplement 
(or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, 
by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in 
a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.   
Copies of the 2021 Base Prospectus, the 2020 Base Prospectus, the 2019 Base Prospectus, the 2018 Base Prospectus, 
Supplemented 2017 Base Prospectus, the Supplemented 2016 Base Prospectus, the Supplemented 2015 Base 
Prospectus, the Supplemented 2014 Base Prospectus, the Supplemented 2013 Base Prospectus, the Annual 
Accounts, the Interim Accounts. the BNPP 2020 Universal Registration Document (in English), the BNPP 2021 
Universal Registration Document (in English), the Third Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English), the Fourth Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
and any other update to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration Document can be obtained from the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent or Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable (each defined below), at 
the address given at the end of this Base Prospectus. Copies of the 2021 Base Prospectus, 2020 Base Prospectus, 
2019 Base Prospectus, 2018 Base Prospectus, Supplemented 2017 Base Prospectus, Supplemented 2016 Base 
Prospectus, Supplemented 2015 Base Prospectus, Supplemented 2014 Base Prospectus, Supplemented 2013 Base 
Prospectus and the Annual Accounts are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website at www.bourse.lu.  
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Securities, prepare a 
Supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the content of the websites referenced in this section "Documents Incorporated By 
Reference" do not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 133 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 133 - 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS  
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which investors may have when considering an 
investment in the Securities. However, any decision to invest in the Securities should only be made after 
careful consideration of all relevant sections of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms. This 
section should be treated as an introduction to SecurAsset and certain terms of the Securities that may be 
issued under the Programme. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Conditions and 
may be superseded by the final terms of those Securities.  
1.
Who is the Issuer?
The Issuer is SecurAsset acting through one of its Compartments. The Compartment relevant to the 
Securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
2.
What is SecurAsset? 
SecurAsset is a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg. SecurAsset’s only business is to issue 
instruments which are subject to the Securitisation Act 2004 and the enforcement and limited 
recourse provisions of the Trust Deed or any other relevant agreement including issuing debt 
securities such as the Securities or otherwise incur indebtedness moneys borrowed or raised in 
compliance with the Securitisation Act 2004. 
The directors of SecurAsset may be employees of the administrator of SecurAsset. SecurAsset is not 
an affiliate or a subsidiary of any Dealer. 
Each Series of Securities will be issued through a separate Compartment other than Series of 
Securities issued through a Multi-Series Compartment.  Recourse of the Holders of Securities against 
the Issuer is limited to, and conditional upon, the funds available to the Issuer from time to time in 
respect of the assets designated as Compartment Assets and other Charged Assets in the Final Terms 
and the Issuer shall have no liability to make any payments under the Securities where such funds 
are not available to it.  Each Compartment will comprise a pool of assets of the Issuer separate from 
the pools of assets relating to other Compartments. 
3.
What is a Multi-Series Compartment? 
A Multi-Series Compartment is a Compartment through which more than one series of Securities 
may be issued.  Holders of Securities of a Series and the holders of any other Series of securities 
issued through the same Compartment (which other Series of securities are referred to in this Base 
Prospectus as Related Notes, Related Warrants or Related Certificates (as applicable) and together 
as Related Securities) will together have recourse to the assets designated as Compartment Assets 
and other Charged Assets for the relevant Compartment rather than the Issuer holding such assets in 
respect of only a single Series of Securities. 
4.
What are the Securities? 
The Securities are securities issued by the Issuer which may be in bearer form or registered form, as 
described in the applicable Final Terms.  These securities may be Notes, Warrants or Certificates. 
The Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves.

--- Page 134 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 134 – 
The Securities may be linked to one or more share, index, interest rate, fund, ETI interest, 
commodity, debt instrument, reference entity or other reference point (an Underlying Reference).  
Where the Securities are linked to an Underlying Reference, the amount payable as the redemption 
amount or cash settlement amount and/or as interest and/or premium will be depend on the 
performance of the relevant Underlying Reference(s), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.
What is the difference between Notes, Certificates and Warrants? 
The Issuer may issue Notes, Certificates or Warrants under the Programme, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. If the Securities are Notes, they will be debt securities issued in an aggregate 
nominal amount and traded in Specified Denominations (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
If the Securities are Warrants, they will be issued in units. If the Securities are Certificates, they will 
be issued in units, with each unit having a value of the Notional Amount (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms).
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at the Final Redemption Amount and/or by delivery of the Entitlement, in each case specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, Certificates 
will be redeemed on the Redemption Date at the Final Redemption Amount and/or by delivery of 
the Entitlement, in each case specified in the relevant Final Terms. Unless previously settled or 
purchased and cancelled, Warrants, where exercised in accordance with their terms, will be settled 
on the Settlement Date at the Cash Settlement Amount and/or by delivery of the Entitlement, in each 
case specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Depending on the jurisdiction of the investor, Notes, Warrants and Certificates may be subject to 
different tax and/or accounting treatment. 
6.
What documents do you need to read in respect of an issuance of Securities? 
There are several legal documents which you must read in respect of any Securities. These are (i) 
this Base Prospectus (including any information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) 
and (ii) the applicable Final Terms (which may include an issue specific summary appended to it) 
and if produced, any key information document prepared relating to the relevant Series or, if 
produced a drawdown prospectus in respect of the relevant Series and any key information document 
prepared relating to the relevant Series.   
What information is included in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus contains:
(i)
risk factors relating to SecurAsset, the Guarantor and any Securities issued under the 
Programme;  
(ii)
general information about the Programme in the section of this Base Prospectus titled 
"General Description of the Programme";  
(iii)
description of the assets the payments in respect of which will be used by the Issuer to meet 
its payment obligations in respect of the Securities in the section of this Base Prospectus 
titled "Description of the Charged Assets"; 
(iv)
the terms and conditions of the Securities that may be issued under the Programme in the 
sections of this Base Prospectus titled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants"  and "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates", together with 
the Additional Terms and Conditions applicable to certain types of the Securities, as set out

--- Page 135 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 135 – 
in Annexes 1 to 12 (which for all Securities must be read together with the applicable Final 
Terms); 
(v)
information about SecurAsset in the section of this Base Prospectus titled "Description of 
the Issuer"; 
(vi)
information about certain counterparties with whom SecurAsset may enter into contracts; 
(vii)
certain tax information in the section of this Base Prospectus titled "Taxation", although you 
should always seek specialist advice which has been tailored to your circumstances; 
(viii)
restrictions about who can buy Securities in the section of this Base Prospectus titled 
"Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions"; and 
(ix)
general information about this Base Prospectus, documents available to investors for 
inspection and an overview of the parties involved in the section of this Base Prospectus 
titled "General Information". 
You should note that the section of this Base Prospectus titled "General Description of the 
Programme" and this section titled "Commonly Asked Questions" must be read only as an 
introduction to this Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Securities should be based on a 
consideration of this Base Prospectus as a whole, together with the applicable Final Terms and any 
drawdown prospectus. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
While this Base Prospectus includes general information about all Securities, the Final Terms is the 
document that sets out the specific details of each particular issuance of Securities and completes the 
Conditions.  
The Final Terms will be prepared to document each specific issue of Securities. It will contain: 
• 
the specific terms of the issue, including but not limited to: the number or amount of Securities 
being issued, the relevant identification codes and the currency of the Securities; 
• 
the commercial terms of the issue, such as the payout formula for redemption, interest or premium 
amounts (where applicable), any automatic early redemption provisions, information relating to the 
Charged Assets and the related definitions in respect of a specific issue of Securities, as described 
in the Base Prospectus; 
• 
the Underlying Reference(s) to which the Securities are linked; 
• 
the relevant dates, such as the issue date, interest payment dates, valuation or averaging date(s) and 
redemption date; and 
• 
if required, a duly completed summary specific to such issue of Securities  appended to it. 
Therefore, the Final Terms for such Securities must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
What are the risks associated with the Securities? 
Before making an investment in the Securities, investors should carefully consider all of the 
information set out in this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms (as related drawdown 
prospectus) and the investor's own personal circumstances. Each investor should have particular 
regard to, amongst other things, the considerations described under the heading "Risk Factors" on 
page 37-99 of this document.

--- Page 136 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 136 – 
What is the drawdown prospectus and when will the Issuer prepare one? 
For some Securities, the Issuer may prepare a drawdown prospectus, in respect of which application 
will be made to the CSSF for the approval of such drawdown prospectus as a prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. The drawdown prospectus would include the Final Terms 
for those Securities, incorporating by reference the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus, but 
would also contain additional information, such as additional risk factors. The Issuer will prepare a 
drawdown prospectus where it needs to do so in order to comply with the Prospectus Regulation. 
7.
How much of your investment is at risk? 
For some Securities, the amount payable on the maturity date or settlement date may be less than 
your original investment and may even be zero. 
Investors should note that they may be exposed to the credit risk of (i) the Issuer, (ii) the Swap 
Counterparty and either the Deposit Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty (where applicable), depending on the Charged Asset Structure applicable to the 
relevant Series, (iii) the Custodian (and any sub-custodian appointed in respect of a series of 
Securities) in relation to Compartment Assets, if applicable to the relevant Series, (iv) the Eligible 
Compartment Assets Issuer, if applicable to the relevant Series; and (v) the Issuing and Paying Agent 
(in the case of Notes) and any Additional Paying Agents, if applicable to the relevant Series, or 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent (in the case of Certificates or Warrants).  
If there is a default by the Swap Counterparty, Deposit Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty or the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty, the Custodian (or any sub-custodian appointed in respect of a 
series of Securities), the Issuing and Paying Agent, any Additional Paying Agents or Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent, there is an increased likelihood that investors will lose some or all of 
their investment in the Securities. 
8.
What does the Issuer do with the issue proceeds of the Securities? 
The Issuer will typically use the net proceeds of each Series of Securities and, where applicable, each 
other series of Related Securities: 
(i)
to acquire the assets which will comprise the Charged Assets, which will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii)
to make payments under any agreement (including, without limitation, any Related 
Agreement) relating to the relevant Securities and, where applicable, each other series of 
Related Securities.  
9.
What is the collateral in respect of Securities? 
The Charged Assets will generally be the only assets available to the Issuer to fund its payment 
obligations under the Securities and, where applicable, any Related Securities. The payments under 
such assets (both to and from the Issuer) will be designed to ensure that the Issuer has sufficient 
funds to meet its payment obligations under the Securities and, where applicable, any Related 
Securities and to meet any related payment obligations. 
"Charged Assets" consist of: 
(i)
Compartment Assets, composed of rights under, certain bonds, notes, warrants, receivables 
or equity securities of any form, denomination, type or issuer, guarantees, units in funds, 
loans or any other financial obligations assigned to or assumed by the Issuer or any other 
specified assets owned by the Issuer, which will be held by the Custodian on behalf of the 
Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement. In certain circumstances, security over the

--- Page 137 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 137 – 
Compartment Assets will take the form of an assignment by way of security of the Issuer's 
rights against the Custodian under the Agency Agreement to the extent that such rights relate 
to the Compartment Assets, rather than a charge over the Compartment Assets themselves; 
(ii)
Cash Assets, composed of funds held from time to time by the Custodian and/or the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable and/or the 
Registrar (each as defined in this Base Prospectus) for payments due under the Securities of 
such Series; 
(iii)
the Issuer's rights under  the Swap Agreement, the Agency Agreement and Dealer 
Agreement; and, 
if specified as applicable under the relevant Final Terms: 
(iv)
Issuer's rights against the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit Agreement; 
(v)
Issuer's rights against the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement; 
(vi)
Issuer's rights against the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under the Collateral Exchange 
Agreement; and/or 
(vii)
any additional security as may be described in the applicable Final Terms. 
The counterparties in the respect of the Charged Assets may also be required to provide 
collateralisation in respect of their obligations to the Issuer. The amount of any collateralisation 
and/or the circumstances in which it is payable or deliverable will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
10.
When might the Charged Assets change? 
The composition of the Charged Assets may change, if: 
(i)
Compartment Assets substitution by the Swap Counterparty is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms and the Swap Counterparty exercises its right to substitute the Compartment 
Assets in whole or in part;  
(ii)
the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into a Credit Support Annex and the 
Swap Counterparty has exercised its right to substitute the Compartment Assets in whole or 
in part in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex; or  
(iii)
the Issuer enters into a Collateral Exchange Agreement with the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty initiates a loan in respect of the original 
Compartment Assets and delivers replacement collateral in connection with such loan;  
(iv)
the Repo Counterparty exercises its right under the Repurchase Agreement to deliver to the 
Issuer new Repo Collateral Securities in substitution or exchange for existing Repo 
Collateral Securities relating to a Series of Securities, 
in which case the Charged Assets will be deemed to comprise such additional assets or rights 
provided pursuant to such substitution. 
11.
To which assets of SecurAsset, if any, do Holders of Securities have recourse? 
The Holders of Securities and the other Transaction Parties will have recourse only to (i) the Charged 
Assets in respect of the relevant Series (other than where the relevant Series of Securities is issued 
through a Multi-Series Compartment) and the relevant Compartment, as such assets are specified in

--- Page 138 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 138 – 
the applicable in the Final Terms; and (ii) the Guarantor under the Guarantee, if applicable pursuant 
to the Final Terms. Each Compartment will comprise a pool of assets of the Issuer separate from the 
pools of assets relating to other Compartments. 
Where assets of the relevant Compartment are insufficient for the purpose of meeting the Issuer's 
obligations under the relevant issue of Securities and any Related Securities, it will not be possible 
for the Noteholders of that issue to obtain satisfaction of the debt owed to them by the Issuer from 
assets belonging to another Compartment or, in the case of Warrantholders and Certificateholders, 
to obtain payment of the amount owed to them by the Issuer from assets belonging to another 
Compartment. 
12.
What happens if any of the Charged Assets default? 
(i)
In respect of any Charged Assets, if one or more of certain Early Redemption Events is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, then a default under any of the Charged 
Assets will trigger an early redemption (in the case of Notes or Certificates) or an early 
termination (in the case of Warrants) and will lead to each Security being redeemed (at its 
Early Redemption Amount in the case of Notes or Certificates or Early Termination Amount 
in the case of Warrants).   
(ii)
In respect of the Swap Agreement, if "Swap Termination Without Redemption" (in case 
of Notes or Certificates) or "Swap Termination Without Cancellation" (in case of 
Warrants) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, a default of the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement will lead to an early termination of such 
agreement, but will not trigger an early redemption or an early termination of the Securities. 
The Issuer's obligation to pay interest amounts or other amounts under the Securities will, 
if it is reliant on the Swap Counterparty to pay such amounts under the Swap Agreement, 
cease but there will be no Event of Default under the Securities. 
13.
Who will be the Swap Counterparty or the Repo Counterparty or the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty  
The Swap Counterparty to any Swap Agreement, the Repo Counterparty to any Repurchase 
Agreement and the Collateral Exchange Counterparty to any Collateral Exchange Agreement will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The Swap Counterparty will be one of BNP Paribas, 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. or BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV.  
14.
What happens if the Swap Counterparty, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty or the Repo 
Counterparty defaults? 
A default under the Swap Agreement, the Collateral Exchange Agreement or the Repurchase 
Agreement will lead to an early termination of such agreements. Unless Swap Termination without 
Redemption or Swap Termination without Cancellation is applicable, the termination of any of these 
agreements will constitute an Early Redemption Event and the Securities will be redeemed early (in 
the case of Notes or Certificates) or cancelled early (in the case of Warrants). Where Swap 
Termination without Redemption or Swap Termination without Cancellation is applicable a default 
under the Swap Agreement will lead to an early termination of such agreement but will not lead to 
early redemption of the Securities (in the case of Notes or Certificates) or early cancellation of the 
Warrants. 
15.
Under what circumstances may the Securities be redeemed before their stated maturity? 
The occurrence of Early Redemption Events (in the case of Notes and Certificates) or Early 
Termination Events (in the case of Warrants) applicable to the Series. These will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and will depend on the type of Securities and the type of Charged Assets.

--- Page 139 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 139 – 
These events include events relating to the relevant Compartment (events such as tax or regulatory 
events), events relating to the Related Agreements and the counterparties to the Related Agreements 
(such as early termination of the Swap Agreement) and events relating to the Compartment Assets 
(such as default events or unscheduled redemptions or insolvency of the issuer of the Compartment 
Assets), certain events relating to the Underlying Reference and certain disruption, force majeure 
and illegality events. 
16.
At what amount do the Securities redeem? 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with its Conditions, each 
Security will redeem on the relevant Maturity Date, Settlement Date or Redemption Date, as 
applicable, by either a payment of the Final Redemption Amount (in case of cash settled Securities) 
or a delivery of an Entitlement (in case of Securities to which Physical Settlement is applicable), as 
applicable. 
The Final Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount will be a cash amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and will consist of the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. It is 
possible that no amount shall be payable on final redemption of the Note; and  
The Entitlement will be the quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) equal to the Entitlement Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in the case of a Credit Linked Certificate, the relevant 
obligations and/or other assets as specified in the Credit Linked Conditions). 
Each Security which is redeemable in instalments will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and 
on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Securities may be redeemed or terminated at the option 
of the Issuer and/or the Holders of Securities prior to the Maturity Date, Settlement Date or 
Redemption Date, as applicable, such redemption or termination will take place on the date or dates 
and at the amount or amounts indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The amount payable to 
Holders of Securities in such circumstances may also be subject to payment of any amounts owed 
by the Issuer to any other parties to the Transaction Documents which rank in priority to payments 
due to the Holders of Securities.  
The amount payable to Holders of Securities on the relevant Maturity Date, Settlement Date or 
Redemption Date, as applicable, may depend on the type and performance of the Underlying 
Reference specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
17.
What is the order of priority? 
The Base Prospectus sets out the manner in which proceeds available from the enforcement of the 
security may be distributed between the various parties. The relevant Final Terms will specify which 
order of priority set out in the Base Prospectus applies to the applicable Series. 
In each case, the claims of other creditors of the Issuer in respect of the Securities will be met before 
the claims of the Holders of Securities and, where applicable, the holders of any Related Securities.  
If:  
(i)
Swap Counterparty Priority is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then payments due 
to the Swap Counterparty will rank before the claims of the Holders of Securities and, where 
applicable, the holders of any Related Securities; 
(ii)
Pari Passu Ranking is specified in the applicable Final Terms, then payments due to the 
Swap Counterparty will rank equally with the claims of the Holders of Securities and, where 
applicable, the holders of any Related Securities; and

--- Page 140 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 140 – 
(iii)
Noteholder Priority, Certificateholder Priority or Warrantholder Priority is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then the claims of the relevant Holders of Securities and, where 
applicable, the holders of any Related Securities will rank before the claims of the Swap 
Counterparty. 
18.
Are the Securities guaranteed by anybody? 
The Securities will not be guaranteed by anybody unless specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If 
the Securities are guaranteed, the Guarantor will be BNP Paribas. 
The types of Guarantees that may be applicable to the Securities are: 
(i)
a General Guarantee in respect of the Issuer's obligations, which are themselves limited by 
a number of factors including, but not limited to, the provisions of the Securitisation Act 
2004 and the terms and conditions of the Securities; (i) the redemption amount (which may 
be limited to the liquidation proceeds of the Charged Assets of the Compartment relating to 
such Security), (ii) Compartments, (iii) limited recourse, (iv) non-petition, (v) subordination 
and (vi) priority of payments, as described in this Base Prospectus; or 
(ii)
a Shortfall Guarantee, which is not a full Guarantee of the Issuer's obligations, but which 
only relates to the Shortfall Amount  and which will be conditional on (A) the Holders of 
Securities receiving less than the amount which would otherwise have been payable in 
respect of the Securities; and (B) the liquidation of the Charged Assets.  The Shortfall 
Amount represents the amount by which any proceeds from the liquidation of the Charged 
Assets are insufficient to meet (1) the Final Redemption Amount or Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount (as applicable and in the case of Notes or Certificates) or Cash 
Settlement Amount (in the case of Warrants) on the Maturity Date or Automatic Early 
Redemption Date (as applicable and in the case of Notes), Settlement Date (in the case of 
Warrants) or Redemption Date or Automatic Early Redemption Date (as applicable and in 
the case of Certificates) or (2) the fair market value of the relevant Security following an 
Event of Default (other than an Event of Default resulting from a failure to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount or Automatic Early Redemption Amount (in the case of Notes or 
Certificates) or the Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Warrants)), an Early 
Redemption Event or an Early Termination Event. 
19.
Who is the "Holder of Securities"? 
(i)
If the Securities are held through a clearing system (if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), the legal "Holder of Securities" will be the entity nominated by the clearing system 
as the depositary for the Securities (known as the common depositary). Such entity will hold 
the Securities for the benefit of the clearing systems.  
(ii)
As an investor, your rights in relation to the Securities will be governed by the contract you 
have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest in the 
Securities and the contracts they have with the clearing system and any intermediaries in 
between. Accordingly, where this Base Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or 
exercisable by, a Holder of Securities, then your ability to benefit from or exercise such right 
will be dependent on the terms of the contracts in such chain. 
(iii)
In case of the Notes only, if the Notes are held outside the clearing systems, the Holder of 
Securities will be the person who holds the definitive Bearer Note (in the case of Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) or the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (in 
case of Registered Notes).

--- Page 141 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 141 – 
20.
What rights do Holders of Securities have against the Issuer? 
Holders of Securities' rights include the right to any payments payable to Holders of Securities in 
accordance with the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. Holders of Securities may also have 
the right to make certain determinations or decisions (which may sometimes be required to be by a 
resolution of Holders of Securities) and the Issuer may only take certain actions with respect to the 
Securities if approved by Holders of Securities. Holders of Securities should note that, 
notwithstanding they may be owed payments under the Securities, their rights of direct action against 
the Issuer are limited as the right to take such action is generally instead vested in the Trustee. 
21.
What are the requirements for exercising Holders of Securities' rights in respect of the 
Securities? 
The Conditions specify the requirements for exercising each right in respect of the Securities, 
including the person (if any) that is entitled to enforce such right on behalf of the Holders of 
Securities and the required percentage of Holders of Securities (if any) that may direct such person 
to enforce such right. For example, the Conditions specify that only the Trustee may exercise the 
right to enforce the Security on behalf of Holders of Securities if a default in payment by the Issuer 
has occurred. The Holders of Securities may direct the Trustee to exercise such rights by way of an 
Extraordinary Resolution, being a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held by a 
majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast. 
Holders of Securities should be aware that, even if they have directed the Trustee to act in accordance 
with the Conditions, the Trustee may request that it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
before it so acts. 
22.
How do you exercise a right to vote or enforce your rights in respect of the Securities? 
If the Securities are held through a clearing system then, as rights under the Securities can only be 
exercised by the legal Holders of Securities, you must contact the custodian, broker or other entity 
through which you hold your interest in the Securities if you wish for any vote to be cast or direction 
to be given on your behalf. 
In respect of Securities held outside the clearing system, you may exercise your rights to vote or give 
directions directly in accordance with the Conditions. 
23.
Who can enforce your rights against the Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a payment on 
the Securities? 
The Issuer will execute a Trust Deed in respect of each Series, under which it will covenant to the 
Trustee that it will make the relevant payments and deliveries due on the Securities. The Trustee will 
hold the benefit of this covenant for Holders of Securities. If the Issuer fails to make a payment or 
delivery when due, only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to 
enforce the rights of the Holders of Securities, unless the Trustee fails to do so within a reasonable 
period after having become bound to do so and such failure is continuing. 
24.
When will the security be enforced? 
The Compartment Security relating to a Series of Securities will be become enforceable upon 
occurrence of an event of default. These events of default are: 
(a) 
a default is made for a period of 30 days or more in the payment of any sum due or the 
delivery of the Entitlement in respect of the Securities;

--- Page 142 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 142 – 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Securities or the 
Trust Deed (subject to a 45 day grace period where such failure is (in the opinion of the 
Trustee) remediable);  
(c) 
in respect of any other Series of securities issued under the same Compartment as the 
Securities, a Note Acceleration (where the Securities are Notes), a Warrant Acceleration 
(where the Securities are Warrants) or a Certificate Acceleration (where the Securities are 
Certificates), as applicable, occurs; 
(d) 
any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or other insolvency related events occur with respect to the Issuer 
save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other 
similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
extraordinary resolution of the Holders of Securities; or 
(d) 
the Guarantee, where applicable, ceases to be in full force and effect in respect of the 
Securities, or the Guarantor is unable to perform its obligations thereunder for any reason. 
The Trustee may after of the occurrence of an Event of Default, and if so requested in writing by the 
holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes or in 
number of the relevant Securities (in the case of Warrants or Certificates), or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of such holders, shall, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable) that the relevant Securities are immediately due and repayable at an amount equal to 
(unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) the Liquidation Proceeds (such occurrence, a "Note 
Acceleration" (in the case of Notes), a "Warrant Acceleration" (in the case of Warrants) or a 
"Certificate Acceleration" (in the case of Certificates) and the Compartment Security will become 
enforceable. 
In respect of Securities issued through a Mult-Series Compartment, a Note Acceleration, Warrant 
Acceleration or Certificate Acceleration (each an "Acceleration Event") occurring following an 
Event of Default in respect of one Series of Securities issued through the relevant Multi-Series 
Compartment will lead to an Event of Default occurring in respect of each other series of Related 
Securities issued through such Multi-Series Compartment and an Acceleration Event occurring in 
respect of each other series of Related Securities without any action being taken by the holders of 
such Related Securities. 
The Trustee may enforce the Compartment Security at any time after it has become enforceable but 
is only obliged to enforce the Compartment Security if directed to do so by (i) either a direction in 
writing by holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount outstanding of the relevant Series of 
Securities or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Holders of the Securities; or (ii) a written 
direction of the Swap Counterparty.   
Please note that only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce 
the rights in respect of the security (and to declare an Acceleration Event) subject in each case to 
being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction.   
25.
How are payments made to you? 
If the Securities are held through a clearing system, payments will be made in accordance with the 
contract you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest 
in the Securities. 
For Securities not held through a clearing system, the "Holder of Security" will be the investor who 
physically holds the Security (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the person shown on the register kept 
by the Registrar as the registered holder (in the case of Registered Global Notes or Definitive

--- Page 143 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 143 – 
Registered Notes). To receive payment of principal, interest or other amounts, you will need to 
contact a paying agent (for Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (for Registered Global Notes or Definitive 
Registered Notes) and present evidence of your holding of the relevant Security.  
The Issuer will not make payments to you directly but will do so through the relevant agents. 
26.
When are payments made to investors? 
Payments of principal and, if applicable, interest or other amounts are made on the dates specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
27.
Who calculates the amounts payable under the Securities? 
Determinations will be made by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will be the entity 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Calculation Agent is an agent of the Issuer and not of the Holders of Securities. You should also 
be aware that the Calculation Agent may be the Swap Counterparty or an affiliate of the Swap 
Counterparty, an affiliate of the Dealer, the Deposit Counterparty and the Repo Counterparty. See 
the section of this Base Prospectus titled "Risks relating to Securities" and the risk factors titled 
"Potential Conflicts of interest’ therein. 
28.
Are the Calculation Agent’s determinations binding on you? 
All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent in relation to the Securities will 
be final and binding (except in the case of manifest error). 
29.
Will you be able to sell your Securities? If so, what will be the price of the Securities? 
A market may not develop for the Securities. While one or more of the Dealers may make a market 
in the Securities upon their issuance, they are under no obligation to do so and may cease to do so at 
any time. Even if a Dealer does make a market in the Securities, the secondary market for such 
Securities may be limited. It is also possible that even where a secondary market does exist, that such 
market will not provide the holders of any such Securities with liquidity. A lack of liquidity for the 
Securities may mean that you may not able to sell your Securities or may not be able to sell your 
Securities at a price which you paid for them and consequently you may suffer a partial or total loss 
of the amount of the investment.   
It is very difficult to predict the price at which Securities will trade in the secondary market. Please 
see the section of this Base Prospectus titled "Risk Factors" and in particular the sub-section titled
"Possible Illiquidity of the Securities in the Secondary Market" for a description of factors that may 
be relevant for determining the price of the Securities at any given time. Please note that any price 
at which Securities may be sold prior to the maturity date or settlement date may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, to the value at which the Securities were acquired on the issue date. 
30.
Are there any fees, expenses or taxes to pay when purchasing, holding or selling Securities? 
What other taxes might affect the Securities? 
You may incur fees and expenses in relation to the purchase, holding, transfer and sale or redemption 
of Securities. You should also be aware that stamp duties or taxes may have to be paid in accordance 
with the laws and practices of the country where the Securities are transferred. 
You should note that, if the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent or the Custodian is required by applicable 
law to apply any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties 
or charges of whatsoever nature, it will account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required 
to be withheld or deducted and only pay the net amount after application of such withholding or

--- Page 144 ---
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
- 144 – 
deduction. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent or the Custodian will be obliged to make any 
additional payments to you in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
If Compartment Tax Event and/or RCA Tax Event are specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms and a tax is imposed on payments or transfers to be received by the Issuer under any of the 
Charged Assets and/or Reference Securities, as applicable, the Securities will generally be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount. 
General information relating to certain aspects of taxation regime in Luxembourg, France, Italy, 
Spain and Belgium is set out under the section of this Base Prospectus titled "Taxation". You should 
consult your selling agent for details of fees, expenses, commissions or other costs and your own tax 
advisers in order to understand fully the tax implications specific to investment in any Securities. 
31.
Can the Issuer amend the Conditions without your consent? 
The Issuer may amend the Conditions without the consent of the Holders of Securities in certain 
circumstances including if:
(i)
the Trustee agrees to such amendment on the basis that it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error;  
(ii)
the Trustee is of the opinion that such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Holders of Securities;  
(iii)
the Trustee is satisfied that the such amendment is made to satisfy any requirement of any 
stock exchange on which the Securities are or are proposed to be listed and which, in each 
case, is not in the opinion of the Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders 
of Securities; and 
(iv)
if Administrator/Benchmark Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Calculation Agent may amend the Conditions of the Securities in the event a benchmark 
materially changes or ceases to be provided in order to comply with the provisions of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. 
Notice of such modification will be sent by the Issuer to the Holders of Securities as soon as 
practicable thereafter unless the Trustee agrees otherwise.   
32.
Will the Programme be rated? 
The Programme is not rated. However, applicable Final Terms will specify whether or not the 
Securities to be issued have been or are expected to be rated.

--- Page 145 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART I - GENERAL 
- 145 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS - PART I – GENERAL 
The Issuer will meet its obligations to pay the relevant amounts it is due to pay in respect of the Securities 
using the payments it receives from the obligors under the Charged Assets (including the Compartment 
Assets) specified in the Final Terms for the relevant Series.  The Issuer will also grant security over the 
Charged Assets in the manner set out in the Conditions specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms.   
The specific obligors under the Charged Assets will be specified in the applicable Final Terms however such 
obligors will be one or more corporate, bank or other financial institution, government, governmental agency, 
trust, fund, municipal entity, sovereign or supranational entity provided that such obligors have securities 
already admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market or the obligations are guaranteed by an entity 
admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market.  Where the Charged Assets are equity securities or 
debt securities and specified as "Reference Securities" in the applicable Final Terms, such securities shall be 
traded on a regulated or equivalent market save where such securities are debt securities which are Eligible 
BNP Paribas Fortis Collateral Securities, as described in "Description of the Charged Assets – Part IX – 
Eligible BNP Paribas Fortis Collateral Securities.

--- Page 146 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART II – DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP 
AGREEMENT 
- 146 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS - PART II - DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP 
AGREEMENT 
The following description of the Swap Agreement which the Issuer may enter into for each Series should be 
read in conjunction with the Final Terms for each Series and the applicable Charged Asset Description and 
together this description, and the applicable Charged Asset Description and such Final Terms consists of a 
summary of certain provisions of such Swap Agreement which is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 
detailed provisions of such Swap Agreement for each specific Series. The following summary does not 
purport to be complete, and prospective investors must refer to the applicable Final Terms and the relevant 
Swap Agreement for detailed information regarding the relevant Swap Agreement.  
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, one or more of BNP Paribas, BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV may enter into one or more swap agreements with the Issuer in its capacity 
as swap counterparty (the "Swap Counterparty") pursuant to the terms of a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement 
(the "Master Agreement") and a Schedule and confirmation(s) thereto) (each such agreement, a "Swap 
Agreement") provided that where Charged Asset Structure 4 as described in Description of the Charged 
Assets - Part VI - Charged Asset Structures is applicable to a series, a European bank or other financial 
institution with securities admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms will be the Swap Counterparty.  The Swap Counterparties are described in the sections 
of this Base Prospectus entitled "Documents Incorporated By Reference" (in the case of BNP Paribas), 
"Description of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV" (in the case of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV) and "Description of 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C" (in the case of BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.). 
Each Swap Agreement will be entered into in order to allow the Issuer to exchange certain cashflows received 
by, or to the order of, the Issuer in respect of the issue of the relevant Securities, the Compartment Assets (if 
any), any Deposit Agreement, any Repurchase Agreement and/or the proceeds of the issue of the relevant 
Series of Securities or from any other assets of the Issuer relating to that Series of Securities for amounts 
needed by the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Securities for that Series and any related transactions 
or will be a credit derivative transaction. 
The payments due to be made by the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty in respect of a Swap Agreement  are 
described in Description of the Charged Assets - Part VI - Charged Asset Structures and the applicable 
Charged Asset Structure will be set out in the Final Terms for a particular Series.   
Termination of Swap Agreement 
The Swap Agreement will terminate on the final date on which a payment may be due thereunder (the 
"Scheduled Swap Termination Date") unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms thereof. 
Early Termination 
Termination of any Swap Agreement prior to the Scheduled Swap Termination Date will occur in limited 
circumstances, including, without limitation: 
(a) 
payment defaults by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty under such Swap Agreement; 
(b) 
breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Trust Deed or Agency Agreement; 
(c) 
bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty;  
(d) 
payment defaults by the Issuer or the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit Agreement (where 
applicable);

--- Page 147 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART II – DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP 
AGREEMENT 
- 147 - 
(e) 
the early redemption or an event of default of the Series in respect of which the Swap Agreement 
has been entered into, including as a result of Increased Cost Hedging or Hedging Disruption (to the 
extent applicable to the Series) (each as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", "Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants" or "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates", as applicable and the 
relevant Annexes thereto) provided that where the Swap Agreement has been entered into in respect 
of more than one Series of Securities (where the relevant Compartment is a Multi-Series 
Compartment), an early redemption of one Series of Securities will lead to the termination of only 
the Series Transaction under the Swap Agreement relating to that Series and may not lead to the 
termination of the transactions under the Swap Agreement relating to the other Related Securities; 
and 
(f) 
unless specified otherwise in the Swap Agreement, tax events relating to the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Swap Counterparty. 
On an early termination of any Swap Agreement, an amount may be payable either to or by the Issuer in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement. Such termination payment, unless otherwise set 
out in the relevant Swap Agreement, will be an amount payable equal to (a) the sum of (i) the Close Out 
Amount and (ii) the Unpaid Amounts owing to the non-defaulting (or non-affected) party less (b) the Unpaid 
Amounts owing to the defaulting (or affected) party. If the amount is positive, the defaulting (or affected) 
party will pay it to the non-defaulting (or non-affected) party; if it is negative, the non-defaulting (or non-
affected) party will pay the absolute value of that amount to the defaulting (or affected) party. In 
circumstances where both parties are affected parties, both parties will determine their Close-out Amounts 
and the amount referred to in (a)(i) will be one half of the difference between the higher and lower of the 
Close-out Amounts calculated.   
"Close-out Amount" means the amount of the losses or costs of the Determining Party that are or would be 
incurred under then prevailing circumstances (expressed as a positive number) or gains of the Determining 
Party that are or would be realised under then prevailing circumstances (expressed as a negative number) in 
replacing, or in providing for the Determining Party the economic equivalent of, (a) the material terms of the 
terminated transaction, including the payments and deliveries by the parties due in respect of the relevant 
terminated transaction that would, but for the occurrence of the relevant Early Termination Date, have been 
required after that date (assuming satisfaction of the conditions precedent requiring that no potential event of 
default or event of default under the Swap Agreement has occurred) and (b) the option rights of the parties 
in respect of the Swap Agreement. 
Any Close-out Amount will be determined by the Determining Party (or its agent), which will act in good 
faith and use commercially reasonable procedures in order to produce a commercially reasonable result. Each 
Close-out Amount will be determined as of the Early Termination Date or, if that would not be commercially 
reasonable, as of the date or dates following the Early Termination Date as would be commercially 
reasonable. 
Unpaid Amounts in respect of the terminated transactions and legal fees and out-of-pocket expenses which 
are payable under the terms of the Swap Agreement are to be excluded in all determinations of Close-out 
Amounts. 
In determining a Close-out Amount, the Determining Party may consider any relevant information, including, 
without limitation, one or more of the following types of information:- 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) for replacement transactions supplied by one or more third 
parties that may take into account the creditworthiness of the Determining Party at the time the 
quotation is provided and the terms of any relevant documentation, including credit support 
documentation, between the Determining Party and the third party providing the quotation;

--- Page 148 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART II – DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP 
AGREEMENT 
- 148 - 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more third 
parties including, without limitation, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads, 
correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in clause (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including any of 
the Determining Party’s Affiliates) if that information is of the same type used by the Determining 
Party in the regular course of its business for the valuation of similar transactions. 
The Determining Party will consider, taking into account the standards and procedures described in this 
definition, quotations pursuant to clause (i) above or relevant market data pursuant to clause (ii) above unless 
the Determining Party reasonably believes in good faith that such quotations or relevant market data are not 
readily available or would produce a result that would not satisfy those standards. When considering 
information described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the Determining Party may include costs of funding, to 
the extent costs of funding are not and would not be a component of the other information being utilised. 
Third parties supplying quotations pursuant to clause (i) above or market data pursuant to clause (ii) above 
may include, without limitation, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, 
information vendors, brokers and other sources of market information. 
Without duplication of amounts calculated based on information described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, or 
other relevant information, and when it is commercially reasonable to do so, the Determining Party may in 
addition consider in calculating a Close-out Amount any loss or cost incurred in connection with its 
terminating, liquidating or re-establishing any hedge related to the Swap Agreement (or any gain resulting 
therefrom). 
Commercially reasonable procedures used in determining a Close-out Amount may include application to 
relevant market data from third parties pursuant to clause (ii) above or information from internal sources 
pursuant to clause (iii) above of pricing or other valuation models that are, at the time of the determination 
of the Close-out Amount, used by the Determining Party in the regular course of its business in pricing or 
valuing transactions between the Determining Party and unrelated third parties that are similar to the Swap 
Agreement. 
"Determining Party" means the party determining the Close-out Amount. 
"Unpaid Amounts" as used in the above paragraph means, with respect to the date on which the Swap 
Agreement is terminated early (the "Swap Early Termination Date"), the aggregate of (a) the amounts that 
become payable under the terminated transactions (or would have become payable but for the condition 
precedent contained in the Swap Agreement not being satisfied or the application of provisions relating to 
deferral of payments to any party) and which remain unpaid as at such Swap Early Termination Date, (b) in 
respect of each terminated transaction which was required to be settled by delivery (or would have been 
settled by delivery but for the condition precedent contained in the Swap Agreement not being satisfied or 
the application of provisions relating to deferral of deliveries) which was not so settled, an amount equal to 
the fair market value of that which was required to be delivered and (c) if the Early Termination Date results 
from an event of default, a credit event upon merger event or an additional termination event, any termination 
payment due prior to such Swap Early Termination Date which remains unpaid as of such Swap Early 
Termination Date, in each case together with any amount of interest accrued in accordance with the terms of 
the Swap Agreement. 
Where the relevant terms and conditions of the Securities refer to the "Early Termination Amount (as defined 
in the Swap Agreement)" such amount will be calculated in a manner consistent with the methodology set 
out above.  
Where a Delayed Redemption Event has occurred and the relevant event would also cause a termination of 
the Swap Agreement, in certain circumstances, the transaction constituted by the Swap Agreement may be 
split into two or more transactions, one of which will relate, inter alia,  to the payment of interest amounts

--- Page 149 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART II – DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP 
AGREEMENT 
- 149 - 
from a Deposit Agreement or from the relevant Reference Securities, as applicable, from the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty (a "Continuing Interest Rate Swap Transaction") and only the transaction(s) other 
than the Continuing Interest Rate Swap Transaction will terminate prior to the Scheduled Swap Termination 
Date and the parties will continue to perform their obligations with respect to the Continuing Interest Rate 
Swap Transaction notwithstanding the occurrence of a Delayed Redemption Event.  In such circumstances, 
only the transaction(s) other than the Continuing Interest Rate Swap Transaction will be terminated in 
connection with the relevant event and taken into account in the determination of the relevant Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement).   
"Delayed Redemption Event" means an event which has led to the application of one or more of the 
following provisions in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (including the additional terms and 
conditions of the Securities set out in the Annexes to the Terms and Conditions): Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event; Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of Index Adjustment Event; Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Custom 
Index Adjustment Event; Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Extraordinary Event; Delayed Redemption 
on Occurrence of Debt Security Redemption Event; Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event; and/or Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Disruption Event. 
Upon an early termination of a Swap Agreement, there is no assurance that any termination payment payable 
by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer will be sufficient to repay the principal amount due to be paid in 
respect of the Notes and/or to pay any amounts that are due in respect of the Securities, and, where applicable, 
any Related Securities. 
If the Issuer fails to perform any of its obligations under the Swap Agreement, this could lead to an Event of 
Default as defined in (a) Condition 11(a)(ii) where the Securities are Notes, whereupon the provisions of 
Conditions 11 and 12 of the Notes will apply, (b) Condition 12(a)(ii) where the Securities are Certificates, 
whereupon Conditions 12 and 14 of the Certificates will apply or (c) Condition 11(a)(ii) where the Securities 
are Warrants, whereupon the provisions of Conditions 11 and 13 of the Warrants will apply. 
Swap adjustments 
Where one of Market Value or Highest Value is specified as applicable as the Early Redemption Amount 
applicable to Notes or Certificates in respect of one or more Early Redemption Events and such an Early 
Redemption Event occurs or another event occurs which results in the Market Value or Highest Value being 
payable in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities, the Swap Agreement will terminate 
and the amount payable as the termination payment in respect of the Swap Agreement will be equal to the 
Adjusted Early Termination Amount. 
Where Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in respect of the Notes or Certificates in respect of one 
or more Early Redemption Events and such an Early Redemption Event occurs or another event occurs which 
results in the Monetisation Option being applicable in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Securities (a "Monetisation Effective Event"), the Swap Agreement will be split into two transactions with 
one transaction (the "Terminating Transaction") having a notional amount equal to the Terminating Swap 
Notional Amount and the Adjusted Early Termination Amount will be payable in respect of the Terminating 
Transaction and the other transaction (the "Surviving Transaction") will have a notional amount equal to 
the Swap Notional Amount less the Terminating Swap Notional Amount.  The Surviving Transaction will 
also be deemed to be automatically adjusted so that where the Swap Counterparty may have an obligation to 
pay one or more amounts which are linked to the performance of an Underlying Reference, such payment 
obligation shall be amended so that an amount shall be due equal to the aggregate Monetisation Amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Securities less the final payment due to be received by the 
Issuer under the Deposit Agreement or the Reference Securities, as the case may be (and the calculation agent 
under the Swap Agreement may make any other necessary adjustments to the Swap Agreement it deems 
necessary as a consequence of the Monetisation Effective Event). Where such amount is a positive figure,

--- Page 150 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART II – DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP 
AGREEMENT 
- 150 - 
the Swap Counterparty will pay such amount to the Issuer and, where such amount is a negative figure, the 
Issuer will pay the absolute value of such amount to the Swap Counterparty. 
Where: 
"Adjusted Early Termination Amount" means an amount equal to the amount of losses (expressed as a 
positive number) incurred or the gains (expressed as a negative number) realised by the Swap Counterparty 
in replacing, or in providing for the Swap Counterparty the economic equivalent of the material terms of the 
terminated transaction and the option rights of the parties in respect of the relevant terminated transaction 
provided that no account will be taken of funding costs or any loss or cost incurred in connection with the 
determining party terminating, liquidating or re-establishing any hedge related to the terminated transaction 
or any gain resulting therefrom.  Where the Adjusted Early Termination Amount is a positive figure, an 
amount equal to such amount will be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and where the Adjusted 
Early Termination Amount is a negative figure, an amount equal to the absolute value of such amount will 
be payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer; and  
"Terminating Swap Notional Amount" means the proportion of the notional amount of the Swap 
Agreement immediately prior to a Monetisation Effective Event (the "Swap Notional Amount") equal to 
the proportion that the Nominal Amount of the Notes or Notional Amount of the Certificates, as the case may 
be, in respect of which the holders elect to receive the Market Value of such Securities bears to the Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Notes or Aggregate Notional Amount of the Certificates, as the case may be. 
Collateralisation 
The Swap Counterparty may be required to provide collateralisation in respect of its obligations under the 
relevant Swap Agreement.  Collateralisation may be provided: (a) under a 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex 
(Transfer – English law) (a "Credit Support Annex"); (b) a 1995 ISDA Credit Support Deed (Security 
Interest – English law) (a "Credit Support Deed") or (c) by the deposit of Swap Counterparty Collateral (as 
defined below) in an account (the "Pledged Account") in the name of the Swap Counterparty secured in 
favour of the Issuer by a pledge or such other security interest governed by the law of such jurisdiction as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (a "Pledge").  The amount of any collateralisation and the 
circumstances in which it is payable or deliverable will be set out in the Credit Support Structure specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  The custodian of Swap Counterparty Collateral posted 
under a Credit Support Annex or Credit Support Deed may be the Custodian or such other bank or institution 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Any Swap Counterparty Collateral posted pursuant to a Credit 
Support Annex and/or any rights of the Issuer under any Credit Support Deed will be secured by a charge on 
such Swap Counterparty Collateral or an assignment of such rights in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of 
the relevant Holders of Securities.  It will be a term of the Credit Support Annex that the Swap Counterparty 
will be entitled to substitute Swap Counterparty Collateral (as defined below) held under the relevant Credit 
Support Annex without the consent of the Issuer provided any replacement Swap Counterparty Collateral 
has a market value (as determined by the valuation agent under the Credit Support Annex) equal to the value 
of the Swap Counterparty Collateral which has been substituted and meets any other criteria specified in the 
Credit Support Annex.  Under the Credit Support Deed, the Swap Counterparty is entitled to substitute Swap 
Counterparty Collateral with the consent of the Issuer provided any replacement Swap Counterparty 
Collateral has a market value (as determined by the valuation agent under the Credit Support Deed) equal to 
the value of the Swap Counterparty Collateral which has been substituted and meets any other criteria 
specified in the Credit Support Deed.  The Trustee is not responsible for monitoring the market value of the 
Swap Counterparty Collateral or any replacement Swap Counterparty Collateral, and is entitled to rely on 
certificates of the valuation agent or Swap Counterparty without further investigation or enquiry.  Under the 
Pledge, the Swap Counterparty is entitled to substitute Swap Counterparty Collateral with the consent of the 
Issuer provided any replacement Swap Counterparty Collateral has a market value (as determined by the 
valuation agent under the Pledge) equal to the value of the Swap Counterparty Collateral which has been 
substituted and meets any other criteria specified in the Pledge.

--- Page 151 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART II – DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP 
AGREEMENT 
- 151 - 
The collateral provided by the Swap Counterparty under the Credit Support Annex, Credit Support Deed or 
Pledge (the "Swap Counterparty Collateral"), will consist of one or more of: (a) bonds or notes issued or 
guaranteed by the government of (i) Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom or the 
United States of America; or (ii) a country within the Euro-zone; (b) shares, units or other interests in a 
UCITS Fund; (c) any securities rated AAA/AAA/Aaa by one or more of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P") or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") or Moody's Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's") 
(including, without limitation, government bonds, corporate bonds, asset backed securities, Pfandbriefe and 
covered bonds); (d) cash denominated either in euro or sterling or, if not denominated in either euro or 
sterling, then denominated in the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms and/or (e) such other assets 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each of Fitch and Moody's is a credit rating agency established  in the United Kingdom and is registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation pursuant to the list of registered and certified credit rating agencies 
published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (www.esma.europa.eu). S&P is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Substitution of Swap Counterparty Collateral by the Swap Counterparty under a Credit Support Annex or in 
respect of the pledged account will be permitted as set out in Condition 8(g) (Compartment Assets substitution 
under a Credit Support Annex, Credit Support Deed or Pledge) of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", 
Condition 9(g) (Compartment Assets substitution under a Credit Support Annex, Credit Support Deed or 
Pledge) of "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" and Condition 9(g) (Compartment Assets substitution 
under a Credit Support Annex, Credit Support Deed or Pledge) of "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates".  
Substitution of Swap Counterparty Collateral by the Swap Counterparty under a Credit Support Deed will be 
permitted as set out in Condition 8(g) (Compartment Assets substitution under a Credit Support Annex, Credit 
Support Deed or Pledge) of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", Condition 9(g) (Compartment Assets 
substitution under a Credit Support Annex or Credit Support Deed) of "Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants" and Condition 9(g) (Compartment Assets substitution under a Credit Support Annex or Credit 
Support Deed) of "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" and in the following paragraph.   
If a Credit Support Deed is entered into, under such Credit Support Deed the Swap Counterparty will post 
Swap Counterparty Collateral for its obligations under the Swap Agreement and grant English law governed 
security over such Swap Counterparty Collateral in favour of the Issuer.  The amount of credit support to be 
provided by the Swap Counterparty under a Credit Support Annex or Credit Support Deed will be adjusted 
on the Swap Agreement Valuation Dates (as defined below) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
manner set out in the applicable Credit Support Structure.  Subject to the provisions of the Credit Support 
Annex or Credit Support Deed, the Issuer will pay all cash, securities or other property it receives in respect 
of the Swap Counterparty Collateral to the Swap Counterparty.  On any Business Day, the Swap 
Counterparty, pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Deed, may give notice to the Issuer that it wishes 
to transfer new Swap Counterparty Collateral to the Issuer in exchange for some or all of the Swap 
Counterparty Collateral held by, or previously transferred to, the Issuer.  On the Business Day immediately 
following such request (provided that where consent is required from the Issuer, such consent is given), the 
Issuer will be obliged to transfer collateral (the "Exchanged Securities") of the same type, nominal value 
and amount as those requested by the Swap Counterparty against receipt from the Swap Counterparty of new 
Swap Counterparty Collateral with a market value (as of the date of such transfer) as close as practicable to, 
but in any event not less than, as determined by the Credit Support Valuation Agent, the market value (on 
the previous valuation date under the Swap Agreement) of the Exchanged Securities. 
If a Pledge is entered into which is governed by Luxembourg law (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
under such Pledge the Swap Counterparty will hold Swap Counterparty Collateral for its obligations under 
the Swap Agreement in an account in the name of the Swap Counterparty and will grant security governed 
by Luxembourg law (particularly the law of 5 August 2005 on financial collateral arrangements as amended 
(loi du 5 août 2005 sur les contrats de garantie financière comme modifée)) over such Swap Counterparty 
Collateral (including all amounts received by or payable to the Swap Counterparty in respect of any present

--- Page 152 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART II – DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP 
AGREEMENT 
- 152 - 
and future assets whatsoever standing now and/or in the future to the credit of the Pledged Account and any 
claim to the credit balance thereof) in favour of the Issuer as pledgee.   
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the euro in 
accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 
1957), as amended by the Treaty on European Union (signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992), the Treaty 
of Amsterdam (2 October 1997) and the Treaty of Nice (26 February 2001). 
"UCITS Fund" means an investment fund that qualifies as an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities within the scope of Council Directive 85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 on the 
coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective 
investment in transferable securities (UCITS), as such directive is amended, superseded and replaced from 
time to time. 
"MtM Value" means, with respect to a Swap Agreement Valuation Date under the Credit Support Deed or 
Credit Support Annex, an amount determined by the Credit Support Valuation Agent in its sole discretion as 
the amount which would be payable by the Swap Counterparty in respect of the early termination of the Swap 
Agreement on such Swap Agreement Valuation Date or, as the case may be, where Credit Support Structure 
3 is applicable and Issuer may be obliged to provide Issuer Posted Collateral, the amount which would be 
payable to the Swap Counterparty in respect of the early termination of the Swap Agreement on such Swap 
Agreement Valuation Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if Credit Support Structure 3 is applicable, the Issuer may also be required to 
provide collateralisation in respect of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement under any Credit 
Support Annex or Credit Support Deed entered into with the Swap Counterparty so that either the Issuer or 
the Swap Counterparty or both of such parties may be required to provide collateralisation for their respective 
obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Where Credit Support Structure 3 is applicable the amount of any collateralisation by the Issuer will be set 
out in the applicable Final Terms provided that the collateral to be posted by the Issuer will be the Reference 
Securities or cash in respect of the relevant Securities to which the Swap Agreement relates (the "Issuer 
Posted Collateral") and provided further that the Issuer shall not be required to post a principal amount of 
collateral greater than the principal amount of Reference Securities or cash acquired by the Issuer in respect 
of the relevant Series to which the Swap Agreement relates or, at the relevant time, then held by the Issuer.   
Where the Issuer is required to deliver Issuer Posted Collateral to the Swap Counterparty under a Credit 
Support Annex or Credit Support Deed, the security granted over the relevant Charged Assets in favour of 
the Trustee will automatically be released without requiring the consent of the Trustee.  Where the Swap 
Counterparty is obliged under the terms of the Credit Support Annex or Credit Support Deed to pay or deliver 
cash or securities (which will be equivalent to those securities originally posted by the Issuer) ("Equivalent 
Issuer Posted Collateral") by way of a return amount, such cash or securities will become subject to the 
security granted in favour of the Trustee by the Issuer in respect of the relevant Series. 
If a Credit Support Deed is entered into, under such Credit Support Deed the Issuer will post Issuer Posted 
Collateral for its obligations under the Swap Agreement and grant English law governed security over such 
Issuer Posted Collateral in favour of the Swap Counterparty.  If a Credit Support Annex is entered into, under 
such Credit Support Annex the Issuer will post Issuer Posted Collateral for its obligations under the Swap 
Agreement and will do so by transferring title to such Issuer Posted Collateral under the terms of the Credit 
Support Annex. 
The amount of credit support to be provided by the Issuer under a Credit Support Annex or Credit Support 
Deed will be adjusted on the Swap Agreement Valuation Dates (as defined below) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the manner set out in the applicable Credit Support Structure.  Subject to the provisions of the

--- Page 153 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART II – DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP 
AGREEMENT 
- 153 - 
Credit Support Deed or the Credit Support Annex, as the case may be, the Swap Counterparty will pay all 
cash, securities or other property it receives in respect of the Issuer Posted Collateral to the Issuer. 
Transactions where a Swap Agreement is the only Charged Asset 
In relation to a Series of Securities where a Swap Agreement is the only Charged Asset and credit support is 
required to be provided by the Swap Counterparty, such Swap Agreement may be modified to replicate the 
economic effect of the a total return swap agreement so that the fair market value of the Swap Counterparty 
Collateral is always equal to the market value (or a proportion of such market value) of Securities held by 
Holders of Securities other than the Swap Counterparty. 
In such circumstances, where the Swap Counterparty (or its affiliates) purchase Securities and wish to reduce 
the amount of Swap Counterparty Collateral posted, they are required to notify the Issuer and the Trustee of 
their holding of such Securities, and the Swap Counterparty Collateral posted under the Credit Support 
Annex, Credit Support Deed or Pledge would be reduced so that the fair market value of the Swap 
Counterparty Collateral would be equal to the fair market value (or the applicable proportion of such market 
value) of the Securities held by Holders of Securities other than the Swap Counterparty.  Where the Swap 
Counterparty (or its affiliates) purchases Securities, it may deliver such Securities to the Issuer for 
cancellation. 
Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the Securities or early termination of the Swap Agreement, 
the Swap Counterparty (or its affiliates) is obliged to deliver the Securities of such Series held by it to the 
Issuer.  Upon downgrade of the rating of the Swap Counterparty (or, BNP Paribas, if the Swap Counterparty 
is BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV or BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.) below the level specified in the relevant 
Swap Agreement, any Securities held by the Swap Counterparty (or its affiliates) will be transferred to an 
account over which security is granted in favour of the Issuer. 
Upon the occurrence of an Automatic Exercise Event in respect of the relevant Series of Warrants, to the 
extent that Warrants held by the Swap Counterparty (or its affiliates) have not been delivered to the Issuer 
for cancellation, the Swap Counterparty is obliged to pay the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of all the 
unexercised Warrants of such Series (including those held by the Swap Counterparty or its affiliates).
Taxation 
Unless specified otherwise in the Swap Agreement, neither the Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty is obliged 
under the Swap Agreement to gross up any payment to be made under the Swap Agreement if withholding 
taxes are imposed.  However, imposition of such withholding taxes may lead to the early termination of the 
relevant Swap Agreement. 
Exclusivity 
The Issuer has agreed that it shall only enter into a Swap Agreement where BNP Paribas, BNP Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C. or any member of the BNPP Group is the counterparty, unless otherwise agreed by BNP 
Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. or BNP Paribas. 
Swap Agreements in respect of Multi-Series Compartments 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Compartment is a Multi-Series Compartment, the Issuer 
will enter into a swap transaction (a "Series Transaction") with the Swap Counterparty pursuant to an ISDA 
Master Agreement and Schedule (the "Master Agreement") (as amended and restated from time to time) 
and a master confirmation thereto (the "Master Confirmation") dated the issue date of the first Series of 
Securities to be issued through the relevant Compartment and a separate trade confirmation in respect of each 
Series of Securities to be issued through the Compartment dated on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Series of Securities (the "Transaction Supplement" and, together with the Master Agreement and the Master

--- Page 154 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART II – DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP 
AGREEMENT 
- 154 - 
Confirmation, the "Swap Agreement") in each case between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty. A 
Transaction Supplement governed by the Master Confirmation will be entered into in respect of each Series 
of Related Securities.  
The Notional Amount of the Series Transaction shall be equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes  or the Aggregate Notional Amount of the Certificates or the Aggregate Issue Amount of the Warrants, 
as the case may be, as of the Issue Date. As at any date, a factor (the "Series Factor") may be determined in 
respect of each Swap Transaction and Transaction Supplement equal to the Notional Amount of the Series 
Transaction at the relevant date divided by the aggregate Notional Amounts of the Series Transactions entered 
into in respect of the Securities and each Series of Related Securities as at such date and which remain 
outstanding.   
Reliance on creditworthiness of Swap Counterparty 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Securities may be dependent on its receipt of 
payments and/or deliveries the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement.  The Issuer will rely on the 
full and timely performance by the Swap Counterparty, amongst other parties, in order to pay the amounts 
due to the Holders of the Securities. Failure by the Swap Counterparty to perform its obligations (if any) fully 
and in a timely manner could lead to an Early Redemption Event. 
Where the Issuer is obliged to transfer some or all of the Reference Securities to the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to a Credit Support Annex.  In the event of an Enforcement Event affecting the Issuer, the Swap 
Agreement is likely to terminate and in circumstances where the Issuer has transferred Issuer Posted 
Collateral to the Swap Counterparty, these Reference Securities will not be returned.  Instead the value of 
such Reference Securities will be treated as an Unpaid Amount and factored into the calculation of the 
termination payment due under the Swap Agreement.  If there is a mismatch between the value of the Issuer 
Posted Collateral and the close out value of the Swap Agreement, it is possible that there will be a termination 
payment due from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer.  If the Swap Counterparty fails to pay such 
termination payment, the Trustee will have no recourse to the Issuer Posted Collateral and instead will have 
to rely on the enforcement of the contractual rights the Issuer has in order to recover the termination payment 
from the Swap Counterparty.   
In respect of a series of Securities where the Issuer does not acquire Reference Securities or enter into a 
Repurchase Agreement, the Issuer will pay all the issue proceeds to the Swap Counterparty and the Issuer 
will be reliant on the performance by the Swap Counterparty of its obligations under the relevant Swap 
Agreement in order to satisfy the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities.  If the Swap Agreement 
terminates, it is likely that a termination payment will be due from the Swap Counterparty. If the Swap 
Counterparty fails to pay such termination payment, the Issuer or, in the case of an Enforcement Event, the 
Trustee will have to rely on the enforcement of the contractual rights the Issuer has in order to recover the 
termination payment from the Swap Counterparty.   
Where a Credit Support Annex is entered into in connection with the Swap Agreement in respect of a series 
of Securities where the Issuer does not acquire Reference Securities or enter into a Repurchase Agreement, 
only the Swap Counterparty will transfer collateral to the Issuer.  Such collateral will be available to be sold 
by the Issuer if the Swap Agreement terminates and the Swap Counterparty does not pay the relevant 
termination payment (if any) due under the Swap Agreement.  If there is a mismatch between the value of 
the Swap Counterparty Collateral and the close out value of the Swap Agreement, it is possible that there 
will still be a termination payment due from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer. If the Swap Counterparty 
fails to pay such termination payment, the Issuer or, in the case of an Enforcement Event, the Trustee, will 
have to rely on the enforcement of the contractual rights the Issuer has in order to recover the termination 
payment from the Swap Counterparty.

--- Page 155 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART II – DESCRIPTION OF THE SWAP 
AGREEMENT 
- 155 - 
In respect of a series of Notional Value Repack Securities where Adjusted Asset Redemption Event is an 
applicable Early Redemption Event and RCA Maturity Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, following the occurrence of a RCA Maturity Call Option Event in respect of which the Reference 
Securities are redeemed in full, or in respect of other Securities where there is a delay between the maturity 
date of the Reference Securities and the Maturity Date or the Redemption Date of the Securities, and where 
applicable under the relevant Charged Asset Structure, the ability of the Issuer to make payment of amounts 
due under the Securities will be dependent on the receipt by it of payments from the Swap Counterparty as 
the Issuer will pay the redemption proceeds from the Reference Securities to the Swap Counterparty pursuant 
to the Swap Agreement. Other than any collateral which may be transferred by the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Credit Support Annex (if any) or any Credit Support Deed, the only security for the Securities 
during the period between the maturity date of the Reference Securities and the Maturity Date or Redemption 
Date (as applicable) of the Securities will consist of the Issuer's rights under the Charged Agreements relating 
to the Securities (including its rights against the Swap Counterparty). The only security for the Securities 
during such period will consist of the Issuer's rights under the Charged Agreements relating to the Notional 
Value Repack Securities (including its rights against the Swap Counterparty).

--- Page 156 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART III – DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSIT 
AGREEMENT 
- 156 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS - PART III - DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSIT 
AGREEMENT 
The following description of the Deposit Agreement which the Issuer may enter into for each Series of 
Securities should be read in conjunction with the Final Terms for each Series, the applicable Charged Asset 
Description and together this description, the applicable Charged Asset Description and such Final Terms 
consists of a summary of certain provisions of such Deposit Agreement which is qualified in its entirety by 
reference to the detailed provisions of such Deposit Agreement for each specific Series of Securities. The 
following summary does not purport to be complete, and prospective investors must refer to the applicable 
Final Terms and the relevant Deposit Agreement for detailed information regarding the relevant Deposit 
Agreement. 
Deposit 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, some or all of the proceeds of the Securities received by the Issuer 
on the Issue Date will be paid to such European bank or other financial institution with securities admitted to 
trading on a regulated or equivalent market as is specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Deposit 
Counterparty") (such deposit, the "Deposit")  pursuant to a deposit agreement (the "Deposit Agreement") 
entered into on the Issue Date between the Issuer and the relevant Deposit Counterparty.  
Security 
The Issuer will grant security over its rights under the Deposit Agreement in favour of the Trustee for itself 
and as trustee for the Secured Parties in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant 
Series of Securities.  
Interest 
The Deposit may bear interest (which may be positive or negative). Where such interest is positive and is 
used by the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Securities, the Final Terms will specify the rate of 
interest payable by the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit. 
Repayment  
The Final Terms will specify the date and terms on which the Deposit (and any interest accrued, if applicable) 
will be repaid to the Issuer. 
Early repayment on a redemption following Swap Counterparty optional termination 
If Condition 7(f) (Redemption following Swap Counterparty optional termination) of "Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes", if Condition 9(h) (Swap Counterparty optional termination) of "Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants" or if Condition 9(h) (Swap Counterparty optional termination) of "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that notice is given in 
accordance with such Condition, the Deposit will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
become repayable on the date specified for redemption of the relevant Notes or Certificates or the exercise 
of the Warrants, as the case may be (or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in 
accordance with the Conditions together with, in the case of Notes or Certificates, any interest accrued and 
unpaid to such date.  
Early repayment on a redemption following Issuer optional redemption 
If Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", if 
Condition 8(d) (Termination at the Option of the Issuer) of "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants", or if

--- Page 157 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART III – DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSIT 
AGREEMENT 
- 157 - 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) of "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" is 
specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that notice is given in accordance with such 
Conditions, the Deposit will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, become repayable on 
the date specified for redemption of the relevant Notes or Certificates, or the termination of the Warrants, as 
the case may be (or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with the 
Conditions together with, in the case of Notes or Certificates, any interest accrued and unpaid to such date.   
Early repayment on a redemption following optional redemption by the relevant Holder of Securities 
If Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders) of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or 
Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders) of "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that notice is given in 
accordance with such Condition, the Deposit will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
become repayable on the date specified for redemption of the relevant Notes or Certificates, as the case may 
be, (or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions together with any interest accrued and unpaid to such date.   
Early repayment on purchase of Securities by the Issuer 
Upon purchase of Notes pursuant to Condition 7(i) (Purchases) of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", 
purchase of Warrants pursuant to Condition 8(a) (Purchases) of "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants", or 
purchase of Certificates pursuant to Condition 8(i) (Purchases) of "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" 
the Deposit will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, become repayable on the date of 
such purchase in a principal amount equal to the lesser of (i) in the case of the Notes or Certificates, an 
amount equal to the number of Notes or Certificates, as the case may be, that are so purchased divided by the 
total number of Notes or Certificates remaining outstanding immediately prior to such purchase multiplied 
by the then current value of the Deposit and, in the case of the Warrants, an amount equal to the number of 
Warrants that are so purchased divided by the total number of Warrants remaining unexercised immediately 
prior to such purchase multiplied by the then current value of the Deposit; and (ii) the notional amount of the 
Deposit, provided that if the Charged Assets relating to such Securities are constituted by a combination of 
Compartment Assets and Cash Assets, a pro rata proportion of the Deposit shall become so repayable and 
provided further that where the Securities are to be purchased in full, the Deposit shall be repaid in full 
together with any interest accrued and unpaid thereon. 
Early repayment on purchase of Securities by the Swap Counterparty 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon termination of the Swap Agreement in whole 
or in part following the service of a written notice on the Issuer by the Swap Counterparty in accordance with 
Condition 8(h)(ii) (Repurchase) of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", Condition 9(h)(ii) (Repurchase) of 
"Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" or Condition 9(h)(ii) (Repurchase) of "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates"  the Deposit shall become repayable in an amount equal to the lesser of: (i) the Proportion (as 
defined, in the case of Notes, in Condition 8(h)(ii) of "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", in the case of 
Warrants, Condition 9(h)(ii) of "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" and, in the case of Certificates, 
Condition 9(h)(ii) of "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates"); and (ii) the notional amount of the Deposit, 
provided that if the Charged Assets relating to such Securities are constituted by a combination of 
Compartment Assets and cash, a pro rata proportion of the Deposit shall become so repayable.   
Repayment 
The relevant amount payable to the Issuer under the Deposit Agreement by the Deposit Counterparty shall 
be paid on such date to such compartment account with such bank as the Issuer (or the Swap Counterparty, 
on behalf of the Issuer) may direct.

--- Page 158 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART III – DESCRIPTION OF THE DEPOSIT 
AGREEMENT 
- 158 - 
Ratings 
The Final Terms will specify what ratings, if any, the Deposit Counterparty will be required to maintain. 
Termination 
Termination of the Deposit Agreement prior to its scheduled termination date will occur in limited 
circumstances, including, without limitation: 
(a) 
payment defaults by the Issuer or the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit Agreement; 
(b) 
insolvency related events relating to the Issuer and/or the Deposit Counterparty; 
(c) 
the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event in the case of Notes or Certificates or an Early 
Termination Event in the case of warrants or an Event of Default in respect of the Securities in 
respect of which the Deposit Agreement has been entered into; and 
(d) 
the Issuer purchasing all the Securities outstanding. 
The occurrence of the events in (a) and (b) will constitute an Early Redemption Event in the case of Notes or 
Certificates or an Early Termination Event in the case of Warrants and will lead to each Security being 
redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount in the case of Notes or Certificates or Early Termination Amount 
in the case of Warrants.  Where the Deposit Agreement terminates prior to its scheduled termination date for 
whatever reason, the Issuer may receive an amount lower than the scheduled final payment which would 
have paid on such scheduled termination date from the Deposit Counterparty.
Taxation 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, all payments by the Deposit Counterparty will be 
made net of any deduction or withholding of any nature required to be made from such payments by 
applicable law or regulation. 
Purchase of Securities by the Deposit Counterparty 
The Issuer may agree to purchase Securities which have been purchased by the Deposit Counterparty.  Such 
purchase by the Issuer will be funded by the realisation of the equivalent proportion of the Charged Assets.  
Any such purchase by the Issuer will be made in accordance with Condition 7(i) (Purchases) of "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" (in the case of Notes), Condition 8(a) (Purchases) of "Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants" (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 8(i) (Purchases) of "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates" (in the case of Certificates).

--- Page 159 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART IV – DESCRIPTION OF THE REPURCHASE 
AGREEMENT 
- 159 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS - PART IV - DESCRIPTION OF THE 
REPURCHASE AGREEMENT 
The following description of the Repurchase Agreement should be read in conjunction with the Final Terms 
for each Series of Securities and the applicable Charged Asset Description, together this description and the 
applicable Charged Asset Description and such Final Terms consists of a summary of certain provisions of 
the Repurchase Agreement which is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of the Repurchase 
Agreement for each specific Series of Securities.  The following summary, in conjunction with the summary 
in the applicable Final Terms, does not purport to be complete, and prospective investors must refer to the 
relevant Repurchase Agreement for detailed information regarding the Repurchase Agreement. 
Repurchase Agreement 
If specified in the Final Terms, BNP Paribas or BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (in such capacity, the "Repo Counterparty") and the Issuer will enter into one or more master 
repurchase agreements, in each case substantially in the form of (i) a 2000 TBMA/ISMA Global Master 
Repurchase Agreement, (ii) an FBF Master Agreement for Purchase Transactions (Convention Cadre FBF
relative aux opérations de pensions livrées) or (iii) a similar master agreement for repurchase transactions 
(each as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and each a "Master Repurchase 
Agreement").  Pursuant to the Master Repurchase Agreement the Issuer may enter into a series of repurchase 
transactions (each a "Repo Transaction") for each Series of Securities (together, for each Series, a 
"Repurchase Agreement") with the Repo Counterparty in respect of the securities or other assets specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (the "Repo Collateral Securities"). Under each such Repo Transaction, the 
Repo Counterparty will be the seller of Repo Collateral Securities which will constitute the Compartment 
Assets for the relevant Series and the Issuer will be the buyer.  The Issuer will grant security over its rights 
under the Repurchase Agreement and over the Compartment Assets purchased thereunder in favour of the 
Trustee for itself and as trustee for the Secured Parties in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms 
for the relevant Series of Securities.  
Under the Repurchase Agreement, on the Initial Repo Purchase Date specified in the applicable Final Terms 
for the relevant Series of Securities, the Issuer will purchase from the Repo Counterparty the Repo Collateral 
Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms for a consideration and with a market value equal to the 
amount set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
The first Repo Transaction will commence on the Initial Repo Purchase Date and end on the first repurchase 
date (the "First Repurchase Date") applicable to the Repo Transaction following the Initial Repo Purchase 
Date.  Each subsequent Repo Transaction will commence on a purchase date (in each case, together with the 
Initial Repo Purchase Date, a "Purchase Date") which will usually be the same date as the immediately 
preceding repurchase date and end on the next following repurchase date under the terms of the Repurchase 
Agreement (in each case, together with the First Repurchase Date, a "Repurchase Date") with the last such 
Repo Transaction terminating on or shortly before the Maturity Date (in the case of Notes), Redemption Date 
(in the case of Certificates) or Settlement Date (in the case of Warrants) (the "Final Repo Date"). On each 
Repurchase Date for each Series of Securities, the Repo Counterparty will repurchase securities equivalent 
to the Repo Collateral Securities sold by it in relation to such Series of Notes, Warrants or Certificates on the 
previous Purchase Date for a consideration equal to the purchase price for that Repo Transaction as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms together with a price differential or accrued interest amount (the "Price 
Differential" or the "Accrued Interest") determined in accordance with the terms of the Repurchase 
Agreement (together, in each case for each Series of Securities, the "Repurchase Price"). Subsequent 
Transactions need not relate to the same portfolio of Compartment Assets, but will have the same purchase

--- Page 160 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART IV – DESCRIPTION OF THE REPURCHASE 
AGREEMENT 
- 160 - 
price (in each case, the "Purchase Price"), subject to adjustment if the Securities are purchased by the Issuer 
or further Tranches of Securities are issued by the Issuer. 
Purchase of Securities 
Where further Tranches of Securities are issued and the Issuer purchases additional Repo Collateral Securities 
from the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement (which for avoidance of doubt will be 
repurchased by the Repo Counterparty on the same Repurchase Date as the Repo Collateral Securities 
purchased by the Issuer on the immediately preceding Purchase Date) or where the Issuer purchases 
Securities and sells Repo Collateral Securities to the Repo Counterparty in order to fund such purchase, a fee 
in addition to the relevant Purchase Price or Repurchase Price (as applicable) may be payable by the Issuer 
to the Repo Counterparty or by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer depending on prevailing market 
conditions.  Where the Issuer purchases Securities, a Repurchase Date shall occur with respect to the 
proportion of the Repurchase Agreement equal to the Nominal Amount of Notes, the Notional Amount of 
Certificates or the number of Warrants, as the case may be, being purchased (the "Purchased Proportion") 
and Accrued Interest will be reflected in the Repurchase Price paid by the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer in 
respect of the Purchased Proportion. 
Capitalised terms used in this "Description of the Repurchase Agreement" and not defined herein shall have 
the meanings given to them in the Final Terms for the relevant Series of Securities or the applicable Charged 
Asset Structure. 
Early termination and cancellation 
Any Repurchase Agreement for a Series of Securities will be subject to early termination only in limited 
circumstances, including without limitation: 
(a) 
payment defaults and/or failure to deliver securities by the Issuer or the Repo Counterparty under 
such Repurchase Agreement; 
(b) 
bankruptcy events relating to the Issuer or the relevant Repo Counterparty;  
(c) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates, the early redemption or, in the case of Warrants, the 
cancellation, as applicable, or an event of default of the Series of Securities in respect of which the 
Repurchase Agreement has been entered into; and 
(d) 
tax events relating to the Issuer or the relevant Repo Counterparty. 
Upon early termination of the Repurchase Agreement, a termination payment may be due between the parties 
in accordance with the terms of the relevant Repurchase Agreement. 
Further notes, warrants or certificates 
If the Issuer issues further notes pursuant to Condition 16 (Further Notes) of "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", further Warrants pursuant to Condition 15 (Further Warrants) of "Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants", or further Certificates pursuant to Condition 17 (Further Certificates) of "Terms and Conditions 
of the Certificates" as applicable, the Issuer may purchase from the Repo Counterparty Compartment Assets 
for a consideration of, and with a market value equal to, the principal amount of such further notes (or such 
proportion as is specified where an amount less than the full proceeds of the issue of such further notes is 
used to purchase Compartment Assets) or the aggregate issue price of such further Warrants (or such 
proportion as is specified where an amount less than the full proceeds of the issue of such further Warrants, 
is used to purchase Compartment Assets), or the aggregate issue proceeds such further Certificates (or such 
proportion as is specified where an amount less than the full proceeds of the issue of such further Certificates 
is used to purchase Compartment Assets) each as set out in the applicable Final Terms. Following such issue,

--- Page 161 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART IV – DESCRIPTION OF THE REPURCHASE 
AGREEMENT 
- 161 - 
the Repurchase Price for the then current Repo Transaction shall be increased by such principal amount (or 
such proportion of such principal amount) or the aggregate issue price (or such proportion of such market 
aggregate issue price) and the Purchase Price for all subsequent Transactions shall then be increased by an 
amount equal to such principal amount (or such proportion of such principal amount) or such aggregate issue 
price (or such proportion of such aggregate issue price). 
Substitution of Compartment Assets 
For each Series of Securities, the Repurchase Agreement will permit the Repo Counterparty to deliver to the 
Issuer new Repo Collateral Securities in substitution or exchange for existing Repo Collateral Securities 
relating to a Series of Securities, subject to the relevant Repurchase Agreement, provided that such 
substitution or exchange does not result in the Issuer becoming subject to a Net Exposure under the current 
Transaction for that Series of Securities.  Such substitution or exchange in respect of Repo Collateral 
Securities relating to any Series shall take place without the need for the Repo Counterparty to obtain any 
prior consents.  
Downgrade
The Repo Counterparty may be required to provide collateralisation in respect of its obligations under the 
Repurchase Agreement upon the occurrence of certain events linked to the rating of the Repo Counterparty. 
The amount of collateralisation and the circumstances in which it is due to be paid will be set out in the Final 
Terms.

--- Page 162 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART V – DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL 
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 
- 162 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS - PART V - DESCRIPTION OF THE 
COLLATERAL EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 
The following description of the Collateral Exchange Agreement should be read in conjunction with the Final 
Terms for each Series of Securities and the applicable Charged Asset Description, together this description 
and the applicable Charged Asset Description and such Final Terms consists of a summary of certain 
provisions of the Collateral Exchange Agreement which is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions 
of the Collateral Exchange Agreement for each specific Series of Securities.  The following summary, in 
conjunction with the summary in the applicable Final Terms, does not purport to be complete, and 
prospective investors must refer to the relevant Collateral Exchange Agreement for detailed information 
regarding the Collateral Exchange Agreement. 
Collateral Exchange Agreement
If so specified in the Final Terms, one of BNP Paribas or BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. (the "Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty") and the Issuer will enter into one or more collateral exchange agreements, in 
each case substantially in the form of (i) a 2000 ISLA Global Master Securities Lending Agreement and 
schedule (as amended) or (ii) a 2010 ISLA Global Master Securities Lending Agreement and schedule (as 
amended) or (iii) another form of agreement relating to the exchange of securities (for each series, a 
"Collateral Exchange Agreement") provided that where Collateral Exchange Structure 2 as described in 
Description of the Charged Assets - Part VI - Charged Asset Structures is applicable to a series, a European 
bank or other financial institution with securities admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms will be the Collateral Exchange  Counterparty.  The Issuer will grant 
security over its rights under the Collateral Exchange Agreement and over the Replacement Collateral Assets 
(if any) it receives thereunder in favour of the Trustee for itself and as trustee for the relevant Secured Parties.  
The Collateral Exchange Agreement in respect of any series of Notional Value Repack Securities will be 
entered into on or around the Issue Date of the relevant series of Notional Value Repack Securities. 
Collateral Exchange Agreement – Two Way Transfer 
Where Collateral Exchange Agreement – Two Way Transfer is applicable pursuant to the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement the Collateral Exchange Counterparty may, at its option, enter into one or more 
transaction (each an "Exchange Transaction") with the Issuer in respect of the relevant Reference Securities. 
Under such Exchange Transactions, the Issuer will transfer to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty all or 
part of the Reference Securities (the "Received Collateral") and the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will 
transfer Replacement Collateral Assets to the Issuer. Subject to the circumstances in which the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement will terminate early (as described below), the Exchange Transactions shall terminate 
on the maturity date of the Reference Securities (or on any earlier date as specified by the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty) and the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will transfer Equivalent Securities which it received 
to the Issuer on such date and the Issuer will transfer securities equivalent to the Replacement Collateral 
Assets which it received.  
The Collateral Exchange Counterparty may be required under the Collateral Exchange Agreement to pay the 
Issuer a fee in connection with entering into the Collateral Exchange Agreement and will be required to 
transfer collateral to the Issuer against transfer of the relevant Reference Securities or part thereof by the 
Issuer under the Collateral Exchange Agreement, as set out in Collateral Exchange Structure 1. 
Under the Collateral Exchange Agreement, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will pay to the  Issuer 
amounts equal to the amounts that would have been received by the  Issuer under the Received Collateral if 
it had not transferred such Received Collateral to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty (which shall be net 
of deductions or withholding for tax, where so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the Issuer will

--- Page 163 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART V – DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL 
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 
- 163 - 
pay to the  Collateral Exchange Counterparty amounts equal to the amounts that would have been received 
by the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under the relevant Replacement Collateral Assets if it had not 
transferred such Replacement Collateral Assets to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty.
Collateral Exchange Agreement – One Way Transfer Securities Lending 
Where Collateral Exchange Agreement – One Way Transfer Securities Lending is applicable pursuant to the 
Collateral Exchange Agreement the Collateral Exchange Counterparty may, at its option, enter into one or 
more transaction (each an "Exchange Transaction") with the Issuer in respect of the relevant Reference 
Securities.  Under such Exchange Transactions, the Issuer will transfer to the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty all or part of the Reference Securities (the "Received Collateral").  Subject to the 
circumstances in which the Collateral Exchange Agreement will terminate early (as described below), the 
Exchange Transactions shall terminate on the maturity date of the Reference Securities (or on any earlier 
date as specified by the Collateral Exchange Counterparty) and the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will 
transfer securities equivalent to the Received Collateral ("Equivalent Securities") to the Issuer on such date.  
The Collateral Exchange Counterparty may be required under the Collateral Exchange Agreement to pay the 
Issuer a fee in connection with entering into the Collateral Exchange Agreement. Under the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will pay to the Issuer amounts equal to the 
amounts that would have been received by the Issuer under the Received Collateral if it had not transferred 
such Received Collateral to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty. 
Collateral Exchange Agreement – Triparty Transfer 
Where Collateral Exchange Agreement – Triparty Transfer is applicable, in addition to, and in connection 
with, the Collateral Exchange Agreement, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty and the Issuer (or an agent 
on behalf of the Issuer) will enter into a triparty securities lending service agreement with Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. (in such capacity, the "Triparty Services Agent") (the "Triparty Agreement") on the basis of a 
Securities Lending Service Agreement comprised of the Securities Lending Service Agreement Terms and 
Conditions dated March 2017 (as such terms and conditions are amended, supplemented, replaced or 
otherwise modified from time to time) and the Securities Lending Service Agreement – Operating Procedures 
dated April 2017 (as such operating procedures are amended, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified 
from time to time) in standard form as published by the Triparty Services Agent together with annexes thereto 
pursuant to which the Triparty Services Agent will determine the market value of the Reference Securities 
and Replacement Collateral Assets and administer the Replacement Collateral Assets.  The Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty and the Issuer may at any time at the request of the Collateral Exchange Counterparty 
terminate the Triparty Agreement and/or enter into alternative triparty agreements.  Pursuant to the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement the Collateral Exchange Counterparty may, at its option, enter into one or more 
transactions (each an "Exchange Transaction") with the Issuer in respect of the relevant Reference 
Securities.  Under such Exchange Transactions, the Issuer will transfer to the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty all or part of the Reference Securities (the "Received Collateral") and Replacement Collateral 
Assets will be transferred to the Issuer. Transfers of Replacement Collateral Assets will be made and 
administered by the Triparty Services Agent on behalf of the parties under the Collateral Exchange 
Agreement in the same way as if Collateral Exchange Agreement – Two Way Transfer is applicable. For so 
long as the Collateral Exchange Agreement is subject to the Triparty Agreement the Reference Securities 
and the Replacement Collateral Assets must be subject to clearing through Euroclear and/or such other 
clearing system as may be required for the purposes of the Triparty Agreement; and for so long as the 
Collateral Exchange Agreement is subject to a Triparty Agreement, are securities which are eligible for use 
under the Triparty Agreement as set out in the Securities Lending Service Agreement – Operating Procedures 
dated April 2017 (as such operating procedures are amended, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified 
from time to time).  In connection with the Triparty Agreement, the Issuer (or an agent of the Issuer) may 
enter into Belgian law governed security documentation with the applicable Trustee, an entity acting as the 
representative of the Trustee.

--- Page 164 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART V – DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL 
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 
- 164 - 
If at any time the Triparty Services Agent is unable to perform its role under the Triparty Agreement, the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty and the Issuer shall use commercially reasonable endeavours to enter into 
a triparty securities lending service agreement with an entity of equivalent standing to the Triparty Services 
Agent.  If, having used commercially reasonable endeavours such an agreement is not entered into, the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty and the Issuer shall make such amendments to the Collateral Exchange 
Agreement as are necessary to reflect a bilateral arrangement between the Issuer and the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty with substantially similar economic terms.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Exchange 
Agreement will not terminate solely as a result of the termination of the Triparty Agreement and no Early 
Redemption Event will occur in respect thereof. 
Termination 
The Collateral Exchange Agreement includes events of default such as bankruptcy of the Issuer or the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty and failure to make payments or deliveries thereunder. The Collateral 
Exchange Agreement will terminate automatically upon the occurrence of any such event of default. 
Additionally, the Collateral Exchange Agreement will terminate automatically upon the termination of the 
Swap Agreement relating to the relevant series of Securities in accordance with the terms thereof. The 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty may terminate the Collateral Exchange Agreement upon giving notice to 
the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Exchange Agreement. The Issuer will not be 
entitled to terminate the Collateral Exchange Agreement before the maturity date of the Reference Securities, 
except following the occurrence of an event of default (as set out in the Collateral Exchange Agreement) 
with respect to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty. The Collateral Exchange Agreement may also 
terminate automatically in other circumstances pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Exchange Agreement.  
Upon the early termination of the Collateral Exchange Agreement at the option of the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will transfer equivalent securities in respect of the 
Received Collateral to the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Exchange Agreement 
and, save where Collateral Exchange One Way Transfer Securities lending is applicable, the Issuer will 
transfer equivalent securities in respect of the Replacement Collateral Assets to the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty.  
Upon the early termination of the Collateral Exchange Agreement where Collateral Physical Settlement is 
applicable in respect of an Early Redemption Event and no Related Agreement Counterparty Default has 
occurred, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will use commercially reasonable efforts to transfer 
equivalent securities in respect of the Received Collateral to the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of 
the Collateral Exchange Agreement and, save where Collateral Exchange One Way Transfer Securities 
Lending is applicable, the Issuer will transfer equivalent securities in respect of the Replacement Collateral 
Assets to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty. Where the Collateral Exchange Counterparty is unable (after 
using commercially reasonable efforts) to transfer equivalent securities in respect of all or part of the 
Received Collateral to the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Exchange Agreement 
(such securities which are not transferred being "Undelivered Equivalent Securities"), the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty will pay an amount equal to the fair market value (as determined by the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty) of the relevant Undelivered Equivalent Securities to the Issuer in lieu of such 
delivery.  
Upon the early termination of the Collateral Exchange Agreement upon the occurrence of an event of default 
thereunder in respect of the Issuer or the Collateral Exchange Counterparty or the early termination of the 
Swap Agreement due to an event of default thereunder in respect of the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or 
the occurrence of an Event of Default in respect of the Securities, there will be no further exchange of 
securities and instead a termination payment will be calculated in accordance with the terms of the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement which will be calculated by reference to the market value of the Received Collateral 
and the Replacement Collateral Assets (if any) including any further Replacement Collateral Assets which 
have been transferred to the Issuer as credit support by the Collateral Exchange Counterparty.

--- Page 165 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART V – DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL 
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT 
- 165 - 
Upon the early termination of the Collateral Exchange Agreement due to the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event (other than in the circumstances set out immediately above or where Collateral Physical 
Settlement is applicable in respect of an Early Redemption Event and no Related Agreement Counterparty 
Default has occurred), the Issuer will sell its rights under the Collateral Exchange Agreement to receive 
equivalent securities in respect of the Received Collateral from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty and 
upon effecting such sale, save where Collateral Exchange One Way Transfer Securities Lending is applicable, 
the Issuer will transfer equivalent securities in respect of the Replacement Collateral Assets to the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty.    
Reliance on creditworthiness of Collateral Exchange Counterparty 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Securities may be dependent on its receipt of 
payments and/or deliveries the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under the Collateral Exchange Agreement.  
The Issuer will rely on the full and timely performance by the Swap Counterparty and/or the Repo 
Counterparty and/or the Collateral Exchange Counterparty in order to pay the amounts due to the Holders of 
the Securities. Failure by the Collateral Exchange Counterparty to perform its obligations (if any) fully and 
in a timely manner could lead to an Early Redemption Event. 
In the event of the insolvency of the Collateral Exchange Counterparty (where relevant), where the Issuer 
will rank as an unsecured creditor of the Collateral Exchange Counterparty with respect to the return of any 
part of the Reference Securities which have been transferred by the Issuer to the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty pursuant to the Collateral Exchange Agreement (the "Received Collateral").  Where Collateral 
Exchange Agreement - Two Way Transfer or Collateral Exchange – Triparty Transfer is applicable, although 
the Issuer will have received Replacement Collateral Assets from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty, 
Holders of the Securities are exposed to the credit risk of the Collateral Exchange Counterparty on an 
unsecured basis to the extent the Replacement Collateral Assets cannot be sold for the same amount as a sale 
of the Received Collateral would have realised if such Reference Securities had not been transferred to the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty. 
Where Collateral Exchange Agreement - One Way Transfer Securities Lending is applicable, although the 
Issuer will grant security over its rights against the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement prospective investors should note that as the Issuer will not receive replacement 
collateral from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty, the Issuer is therefore exposed (and as a consequence 
the Holders of Securities are effectively exposed) to the credit risk of the Collateral Exchange Counterparty 
on an unsecured basis to the extent the Collateral Exchange Counterparty does not return equivalent Received 
Collateral or, in the event of such failure, is unable to pay the relevant termination payment due under the 
Collateral Exchange Agreement. 
If an Enforcement Event occurs with respect to the Issuer in the period from the Issue Date and prior to the 
date on which the Collateral Exchange Counterparty transfers Equivalent Securities in respect of the 
Received Collateral, the Collateral Exchange Agreement will terminate and instead of transferring Equivalent 
Securities to the Issuer, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will be obliged to pay a termination payment 
to the Issuer.  This termination payment will be equal to the market value of the Received Collateral 
determined in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Exchange Agreement.  If the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty fails to pay the relevant termination payment, the Trustee will have no recourse to the Received 
Collateral and instead will have to rely on the enforcement of the contractual rights the Issuer has in order to 
recover the termination payment from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty.

--- Page 166 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 166 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS - PART VI - CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
One of the following descriptions of the Charged Asset Structures will apply to the Securities as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
References to "Automatic Early Settlement Amount", "Automatic Early Settlement" and "or where Automatic 
Early Settlement is applicable", "Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable)" and associated 
references shall be disregarded where Automatic Early Settlement does not apply.  Where the applicable 
Compartment Assets are not Reference Securities,  one of Charged Asset Structures 2, 5 and 6 as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms will apply and shall be construed on the basis that references to Reference 
Securities are references to the "Compartment Assets" and references to the Reference Security Issuer are 
references to the "Compartment Asset Obligor".  
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 1 
Transaction Structure Diagram: The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of 
the transaction that is the subject of Charged Asset Structure 1. Prospective investors should also review the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in the sections titled "Description 
of The Charged Assets - Part I – General" and "Description of the Swap Agreement", for a description of the 
transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making any investment decision. 
Key to Diagram 
(a)
On Issue Date
(b)
On or around Issue Date
(c)
On Deposit Interest Payment Dates
(d)
On Interest Payment Dates
(e)
On Deposit Termination Date
(f)
On Final Payment Date
**
Only where applicable
Deposit interest(c)
and Deposit  
Balancing Payment (e)**
Swap 
Counterparty 
Issuer
Holders  
Issue Proceeds (a)
Securities (a), Interim 
Payment Amount (d)
and Final Payment 
Amount (f)
Interim Payment Amount (d)
and Security  
Balancing Payment (f)**
Deposit Counterparty 
Initial Remittance (b)
Deposit interest (c)
and final payment under Deposit 
Agreement (e)
Initial Swap  
Payment (b)
Issuer Initial  
Swap Payment (a)**

--- Page 167 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 167 - 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 1A - INTEREST BEARING DEPOSIT AGREEMENT AND SWAP AGREEMENT
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty and the Deposit Agreement with the Deposit Counterparty. 
1.2  
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the Deposit 
Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part III – Description of the Deposit 
Agreement".
2. 
Payments under the Deposit Agreement 
2.1 
Under the Deposit Agreement the Issuer will pay on the Initial Remittance Payment Date the Initial 
Remittance (the "Deposit") to the Deposit Counterparty. 
2.2 
 On each interest payment date under the Deposit Agreement (each a "Deposit Interest Payment 
Date"), the Deposit Counterparty will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect of the Deposit 
(each such amount, a "Deposit Interest Amount"). 
2.5 
On or before the Final Payment Date or, (where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable to the 
Securities) if an Automatic Early Settlement Event has occurred, the Automatic Early Settlement 
Date (either such date, the "Deposit Termination Date"), the Deposit Counterparty will pay an 
amount to the Issuer equal to the Final Deposit Payment. 
3. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
3.1 
On the Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to 
the Initial Swap Payment Amount or where the Issuer pays only Partial Proceeds to the Deposit 
Counterparty, the Issuer will pay an amount equal to the Available Proceeds to the Swap 
Counterparty.   
3.2 
Under the Swap Agreement, on or after each Deposit Interest Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) in the currency in which the Deposit is denominated equal to the Deposit Interest 
Amount received by the Issuer on such date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic 
Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.3 
Where an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on or before 
the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.4 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities: 
If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs: 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Final Deposit 
Payment, the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement 
Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer 
from the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit Agreement on or around such date, will 
be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that no 
Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; or 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Deposit Payment Amount, no further payment will be made under the Swap

--- Page 168 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 168 - 
Agreement (other than in respect of any unpaid Deposit Interest Amounts) and, where the 
Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early Settlement 
Deposit Payment Amount, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty equal to the difference between the Automatic Early Settlement Deposit 
Payment Amount and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount. 
3.5 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, where the Issuer is to pay an Aggregate Final Payment 
Amount which is greater than the Final Deposit Payment, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount 
to the Issuer which, when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer from the Deposit Counterparty 
under the Deposit Agreement on or around such date, will be equal to the aggregate of the Final 
Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in respect of the Securities then outstanding, 
provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or 
Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
Where the Aggregate Final Payment Amount is equal to the Final Deposit Payment, no further 
payment will be made under the Swap Agreement (other than in respect of unpaid Deposit Interest 
Amounts).  
3.7 
Where the Aggregate Final Payment Amount is less than the Final Deposit Payment, the Issuer will 
be obliged to pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the Final 
Deposit Payment and the Aggregate Final Payment Amount.   
3.8 
The amount of cash which is subject to the Deposit Agreement and the notional amount of the Swap 
Agreement will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the 
Issuer and the reduction of the Aggregate Amount of the Securities as a consequence.  Upon a 
purchase of the Securities by the Issuer pursuant to the Relevant Purchase Conditions, a payment 
will be due under the Deposit Agreement on or before the date of such purchase in an amount equal 
to the proportional amount of the Deposit that relates to the Aggregate Amount of the Securities so 
purchased. 
3.9 
 Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit Counterparty 
in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay:  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security (if 
applicable);  
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or the Deposit Agreement to the Issuer will be paid to 
the relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Automatic Early 
Settlement Date, and where applicable, the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in 
respect of each outstanding Security.

--- Page 169 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 169 - 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 1B - INTEREST BEARING DEPOSIT AGREEMENT WITH NEGATIVE INTEREST 
POSSIBLE AND SWAP AGREEMENT
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty and the Deposit Agreement with the Deposit Counterparty. 
1.2  
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the Deposit 
Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part III – Description of the Deposit 
Agreement".
2. 
Payments under the Deposit Agreement 
2.1 
Under the Deposit Agreement the Issuer will pay on the Initial Remittance Payment Date the Initial 
Remittance (the "Deposit") to the Deposit Counterparty. 
2.2 
 On each interest payment date under the Deposit Agreement (each a "Deposit Interest Payment 
Date"), the Deposit Counterparty will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect of the Deposit 
provided that, if the amount of interest is negative, the Issuer will pay the absolute value of such 
amount to the Deposit Counterparty (each amount, a "Deposit Interest Amount"). 
2.5 
On or before the Final Payment Date or, (where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable to the 
Securities) if an Automatic Early Settlement Event has occurred, the Automatic Early Settlement 
Date (either such date, the "Deposit Termination Date"), the Deposit Counterparty will pay an 
amount to the Issuer equal to the Final Deposit Payment. 
3. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
3.1 
On the Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to 
the Initial Swap Payment Amount or where the Issuer pays only Partial Proceeds to the Deposit 
Counterparty, the Issuer will pay an amount equal to the Available Proceeds to the Swap 
Counterparty.   
3.2 
Under the Swap Agreement, on or after each Deposit Interest Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) in the currency in which the Deposit is denominated equal to the Deposit Interest 
Amount received by the Issuer on such date to the Swap Counterparty or, where the Deposit Interest 
Amount is a negative amount, on or before each Deposit Interest Payment Date, the Swap 
Counterparty will pay an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Deposit is denominated equal 
to the absolute value of the Deposit Interest Amount payable by the Issuer on such date to the Deposit 
Counterparty, in each case provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), 
Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.3 
Where an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on or before 
the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.4 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities: 
If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs: 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Final Deposit 
Payment, the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement 
Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer

--- Page 170 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 170 - 
from the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit Agreement on or around such date, will 
be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that no 
Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; or 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Deposit Payment Amount, no further payment will be made under the Swap 
Agreement (other than in respect of any unpaid Deposit Interest Amounts) and, where the 
Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early Settlement 
Deposit Payment Amount, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty equal to the difference between the Automatic Early Settlement Deposit 
Payment Amount and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount. 
3.5 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, where the Issuer is to pay an Aggregate Final Payment 
Amount which is greater than the Final Deposit Payment, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount 
to the Issuer which, when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer from the Deposit Counterparty 
under the Deposit Agreement on or around such date, will be equal to the aggregate of the Final 
Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in respect of the Securities then outstanding, 
provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or 
Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
 Where the Aggregate Final Payment Amount is equal to the Final Deposit Payment, no further 
payment will be made under the Swap Agreement (other than in respect of unpaid Deposit Interest 
Amounts).  
3.7 
Where the Aggregate Final Payment Amount is less than the Final Deposit Payment, the Issuer will 
be obliged to pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the Final 
Deposit Payment and the Aggregate Final Payment Amount.   
3.8 
The amount of cash which is subject to the Deposit Agreement and the notional amount of the Swap 
Agreement will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the 
Issuer and the reduction of the Aggregate Amount of the Securities as a consequence.  Upon a 
purchase of the Securities by the Issuer pursuant to the Relevant Purchase Conditions, a payment 
will be due under the Deposit Agreement on or before the date of such purchase in an amount equal 
to the proportional amount of the Deposit that relates to the Aggregate Amount of the Securities so 
purchased. 
3.9 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit Counterparty 
in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay:  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security (if 
applicable);  
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or the Deposit Agreement to the Issuer will be paid to 
the relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys

--- Page 171 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 171 - 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Automatic Early 
Settlement Date, and where applicable, the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in 
respect of each outstanding Security. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 2 
Transaction Structure Diagram: The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of 
the transaction that is the subject of Charged Asset Structure 2. Prospective investors should also review the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in the sections titled "Description 
of The Charged Assets - Part I – General" and "Description of the Charged Assets – Part II – Description of 
the Swap Agreement", for a description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Key to Diagram 
(a)
On Issue Date
(b)
On Issue Date
(c)
On Interim Payment Dates
(d)
On Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date
(e)
On Final Payment Date
** 
Only where Swap Payment Final Payment 
Flow is applicable
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 2A - ZERO COUPON BOND AND SWAP AGREEMENT
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement".  
Principal on RS (c)** 
Swap 
Counterparty 
Issuer
Holders  
Issue Proceeds (a)
Securities (a), Interim 
Payment Amounts (c) and 
Final Payment Amount 
thereon (d)
Interim Payment Amount 
(c) and Final Payment 
Amount on  
Securities (d)**
Reference Securities("RS") 
RS Price (b) 
Principal on RS (c)
Initial Swap Payment 
Amount (b)
Issuer Initial Swap 
Payment Amount (a)

--- Page 172 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 172 - 
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3 
Where an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on or before 
the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.4 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, where the Issuer is to pay an Aggregate Final Payment 
Amount which is greater than the Scheduled Final Bond Payment, the Swap Counterparty will pay 
an amount to the Issuer which, when added to the proceeds due to be received by the Issuer from the 
Reference Securities on or around such date, will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment 
Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided 
that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.5 
Where the Aggregate Final Payment Amount is equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment, no 
further payment will be made under the Swap Agreement and, where the Aggregate Final Payment 
Amount is less than the Scheduled Final Bond Payment, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount 
to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the Scheduled Final Bond Payment and 
the Aggregate Final Payment Amount.   
2.5 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities: 
If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs:  
(i)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to 
the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, when added 
to the proceeds received by the Issuer from the relevant Early Settlement Reference Security 
Unwind on or around such date, will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early 
Settlement Amount, provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; 
or  
(ii)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, no further payment will be made under the 
Swap Agreement in respect of the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount and, where 
the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount 
to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the proceeds received by the Issuer 
in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference Security 
Unwind and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount.  
2.10 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the

--- Page 173 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 173 - 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.11 
 Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.12 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date, the Issuer will use up to 100 per cent. of the net 
issue proceeds of the Securities, and where applicable, all or part of the Initial Swap Payment 
Amount, to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment which the Issuer will use, together with the amount received under 
the Swap Agreement (if any) on or around the Final Payment Date, to pay the Final Payment Amount 
in respect of each Security. 
3.3 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities: 
Where an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, the Reference Securities will be the subject of 
one or more of (a) automatic early redemption, (b) a put at the option of the Issuer and/or (c) the sale 
of the Reference Securities by the Issuer. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay:  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security;  
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or the Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to 
the relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount on an 
Interim Payment Date, the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding 
Security on the Automatic Early Settlement Date (where applicable) or the Final Payment Amount 
in respect of each Security outstanding on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 2B - ZERO COUPON BOND AND SWAP AGREEMENT AND COLLATERAL 
EXCHANGE AGREEMENT
The terms of Charged Asset Structure 2A will apply and in addition a Collateral Exchange Structure will 
apply as specified in the Final Terms. For further details relating to the Collateral Exchange Agreement and 
Collateral Exchange Structures, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part V – Description of the 
Collateral Exchange Agreement" and "Description of the Charged Assets – Part VII – Description of the 
Collateral Exchange Structures".

--- Page 174 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 174 - 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 3 
Transaction Structure Diagram: The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of 
the transaction that is the subject of Charged Asset Structure 3. Prospective investors should also review the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in the sections titled "Description 
of The Charged Assets - Part I – General" and "Description of the Charged Assets – Part II – Description of 
the Swap Agreement", for a description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Key to Diagram 
(a)
On Issue Date
(b)
On or around Issue Date
(c)
On Interest Payment Dates
(d)
On Deposit Termination Date
(e)
On Final Payment Date
**
Only where applicable
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 3 - NON-INTEREST BEARING DEPOSIT AGREEMENT AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT
1.
General 
1.1
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty and the Deposit Agreement with the Deposit Counterparty. 
1.2
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the Deposit 
Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part III – Description of the Deposit 
Agreement". 
2.
Payments under the Deposit Agreement 
2.1
Under the Deposit Agreement, the Issuer will pay on the Initial Remittance Payment Date the Initial 
Remittance (the "Deposit") to the Deposit Counterparty. 
2.2
On or before the Final Payment Date or, (where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable to the 
Securities) if an Automatic Early Settlement Event has occurred, the Automatic Early Settlement 
Deposit Balancing  
Payment (d)**
Swap 
Counterparty 
Issuer
Holders  
Issue Proceeds (a)
Securities (a), 
interest/premium (c)
and Final Payment 
Amount (e)
Interim Payment Amount (c)
and Security Balancing Payment 
(e) **
Deposit Counterparty 
Initial Remittance (b)
Final payment under Deposit 
Agreement (d)
Initial Swap  
Payment (b)
Issuer Initial Swap 
Payment (a)

--- Page 175 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 175 - 
Date (either such date, the "Deposit Termination Date"), the Deposit Counterparty will pay an 
amount to the Issuer equal to the Final Deposit Payment. 
3.
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
3.1
On the Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to 
the Initial Swap Payment Amount or where the Issuer pays only Partial Proceeds to the Deposit 
Counterparty, the Issuer will pay an amount equal to the Available Proceeds to the Swap 
Counterparty.   
3.2
Where an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on or before 
the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.3
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs: 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Final Deposit 
Payment, the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement 
Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer 
from the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit Agreement on or around such date, will 
be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that no 
Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; or 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Deposit Payment Amount, no further payment will be made under the Swap 
Agreement  in respect of the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount and, where the 
Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early Settlement 
Deposit Payment Amount, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty equal to the difference between the Automatic Early Settlement Deposit 
Payment Amount and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount. 
3.4
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, where the Issuer is to pay an Aggregate Final Payment 
Amount which is greater than the Final Deposit Payment, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount 
to the Issuer which, when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer from the Deposit Counterparty 
under the Deposit Agreement on or around such date, will be equal to the aggregate of the Final 
Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in respect of the Securities then outstanding, 
provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or 
Event of Default has occurred. 
3.5
Where the Aggregate Final Payment Amount is equal to the Final Deposit Payment, no further 
payment will be made under the Swap Agreement and, where the Aggregate Final Payment Amount 
is less than the Final Deposit Payment, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty equal to the difference between the Final Deposit Payment and the Aggregate Final 
Payment Amount.   
3.6
The amount of cash which is subject to the Deposit Agreement and the notional amount of the Swap 
Agreement will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the 
Issuer and the reduction of the Aggregate Amount of the Securities as a consequence.  Upon a 
purchase of the Securities by the Issuer pursuant to the Relevant Purchase Conditions, a payment 
will be due under the Deposit Agreement on or before the date of such purchase in an amount equal 
to the proportional amount of the Deposit that relates to the Aggregate Amount of the Securities so 
purchased.

--- Page 176 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 176 - 
3.7
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit Counterparty 
in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security;  
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Deposit Agreement to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 4 
Transaction Structure Diagram: The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of 
the transaction that is the subject of Charged Asset Structure 4. Prospective investors should also review the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in the sections titled "Description 
of The Charged Assets - Part I – General" and "Description of the Charged Assets – Part II – Description of 
the Swap Agreement", for a description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Key to Diagram 
(a)
On Issue Date
(b)
On Interim Payment Date(s)
(c)
On Final Payment Date
Swap 
Counterparty 
Issuer
Holders  
Issue Proceeds (a)
Securities (a), Interim 
Payment Amount (b)
and Final Payment 
Amount (c)
Interim Payment Amount (b)
and Final Payment  
Amount on Securities (c)
Issue Proceeds (a)

--- Page 177 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 177 - 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 4A - SWAP AGREEMENT
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. 
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement  
2.1 
On the Initial Swap Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to 
the Issuer Initial Swap Payment Amount.   
2.2 
Where an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on or before 
the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.3 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities:  
If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, 
the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an 
amount to the Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement 
Amount, provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.4 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.5 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement will be reduced to take account of any purchase and 
cancellation of Securities by the Issuer and the reduction of the Aggregate Amount of the Securities 
as a consequence.   
2.6 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.7 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments when due from the Swap Counterparty pursuant to 
the Swap Agreement in order to pay, if applicable: (a) the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in 
respect of each outstanding Security, (b) any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding 
Security and (c) the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security.  
4. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement to the Issuer will be paid to the relevant Compartment 
Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys standing to the credit of 
the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, and the Final Payment Amount on 
the Final Payment Date.

--- Page 178 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 178 - 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 4B - Swap Agreement and initial payment from Swap Counterparty 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. 
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement  
2.1 
On the Initial Swap Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to 
the Issuer Initial Swap Payment Amount and the Swap Counterparty may pay an amount equal to 
the Issuer Fees Amount to the Issuer on the Initial Swap Payment Date.  
2.2 
Where an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on or before 
the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.3 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities:  
If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, 
the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an 
amount to the Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement 
Amount, provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.4 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.5 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement will be reduced to take account of any purchase and 
cancellation of Securities by the Issuer and the reduction of the Aggregate Amount of the Securities 
as a consequence.   
2.6 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.7 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments when due from the Swap Counterparty pursuant to 
the Swap Agreement in order to pay, if applicable: (a) the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in 
respect of each outstanding Security, (b) any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding 
Security and (c) the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security.  
4. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement to the Issuer will be paid to the relevant Compartment 
Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys standing to the credit of 
the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, and the Final Payment Amount on 
the Final Payment Date.

--- Page 179 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 179 - 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 5 
Transaction Structure Diagram: The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of 
the transaction that is the subject of Charged Asset Structure 5. Prospective investors should also review the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in the sections titled "Description 
of The Charged Assets - Part I – General" and "Description of the Charged Assets – Part II – Description of 
the Swap Agreement", for a description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making 
any investment decision. 
Key to Diagram 
(a)
On Issue Date
(b)
On Initial Posting Date
(c)
On Reference Collateral Interest Payment Date(s)
(d)
On Interim Payment Date(s)
(e)
On Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date
(f)
On Final Payment Date
* 
Only where Reference Security Coupon Swap Payment Flow is 
applicable
**
Only where Swap Final Payment Flow is applicable
As used in the below headings of Charged Asset Structure 5: 
"Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon" refers to a structure where the interest on the Reference Securities 
is paid by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty pays to the Issuer the Interim 
Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
"Security Flow Reference Security Coupon" refers to a structure where the interest on the Reference 
Securities is used by the Issuer to pay the Interim Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
"Swap Final Payment Flow" refers to a structure where the principal on the Reference Securities is paid by 
the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty pays to the Issuer the aggregate Final 
Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
Interest on RS (c)*
and principal on RS (e) **or 
RS Balancing Payment (e)
Swap 
Counterparty 
Issuer
Holders  
Issue Proceeds (a)
Securities (a), Interim 
Payment Amount (d) 
and Final Payment 
Amount (f)
Interim Payment Amount (d)*
and  Final Payment  
Amount on Securities (f)** 
or Security Balancing Payment 
(f)
Reference Securities ("RS") 
RS Price (b)
Interest on Reference Securities (c)
and principal on Reference Securities (e)
Initial  
Swap Payment (b)
Issuer Initial  
Swap Payment (a)

--- Page 180 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 180 - 
"Security Final Payment Flow" refers to a structure where the principal on the Reference Securities is paid 
is used by the Issuer, together with any payment received from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement, to pay the aggregate Final Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
"Scheduled Cashflow Obligation" refers to a structure where the Issuer's obligation under the Swap 
Agreement will be to pay to the Swap Counterparty the scheduled amount of interest (where Swap Flow 
Reference Security Coupon is applicable) and/or principal payable under the Reference Securities (where 
Swap Final Payment Flow is applicable) whether or not the full amount is actually received by the Issuer. 
Where Scheduled Cashflow Obligation not applicable applies the Issuer's obligation will be to only pay the 
amount it actually receives under the Reference Securities to the Swap Counterparty. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 5A - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Security Final Payment Flow, Scheduled 
Cashflow Obligation not applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security Interest Payment 
Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.4 
Where the Issuer is due to pay an Aggregate Final Payment Amount which is greater than the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment, on or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will 
pay an amount to the Issuer which, when added to the redemption proceeds due to be received by 
the Issuer from the Reference Securities on or around such date, will be equal to the aggregate of the 
Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in respect of the Securities then

--- Page 181 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 181 - 
outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment 
Event or Event of Default has occurred.   
2.5 
If the aggregate redemption proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities is 
greater than the Aggregate Final Payment Amount payable by the Issuer on the Final Payment Date, 
the Issuer will pay an amount equal to the amount of such excess to the Swap Counterparty on the 
Swap Issuer Final Payment Date. 
2.6
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs:  
(i)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Automatic 
Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Swap Counterparty will on or 
prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, 
when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer following the relevant Early Settlement 
Reference Security Unwind in respect of the Reference Securities on or around such date, 
will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that 
no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; or  
(ii)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, no further payment will be made under 
the Swap Agreement in respect of the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount and, 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an 
amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the proceeds received by 
the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference 
Security Unwind and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount.  
2.7 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.8  
 Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.9 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the 
Reference Security Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security

--- Page 182 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 182 - 
Interest Payment Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event 
(where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
On the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment which the Issuer will use together with the amount received under 
the Swap Agreement (if any) on or around such date as set out above to pay the Final Payment 
Amount in respect of each Security. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 5B - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Security Final Payment Flow, Scheduled 
Cashflow Obligation applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3 
Under the Swap Agreement:

--- Page 183 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 183 - 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount scheduled to be received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security 
Interest Payment Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; 
and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.4 
Where the Issuer is due to pay an Aggregate Final Payment Amount which is greater than the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment, on or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will 
pay an amount to the Issuer which, when added to the redemption proceeds due to be received by 
the Issuer from the Reference Securities on or around such date, will be equal to the aggregate of the 
Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in respect of the Securities then 
outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment 
Event or Event of Default has occurred.   
2.5 
If the aggregate redemption proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities is 
greater than the Aggregate Final Payment Amount payable by the Issuer on the Final Payment Date, 
the Issuer will pay an amount equal to the amount of such excess to the Swap Counterparty on the 
Swap Issuer Final Payment Date. 
2.6
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs:  
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Automatic 
Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Swap Counterparty will on or 
prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, 
when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer following the relevant Early Settlement 
Reference Security Unwind in respect of the Reference Securities on or around such date, 
will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that 
no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; or  
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, no further payment will be made under 
the Swap Agreement in respect of the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount and, 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an 
amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the proceeds received by 
the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference 
Security Unwind and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount.  
2.7 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.8 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days.

--- Page 184 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 184 - 
2.9 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
2.10 
 The Issuer's obligation under the Swap Agreement will be to pay to the Swap Counterparty the 
scheduled amount of interest (where Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon is applicable)  
regardless of whether or not the full amount is actually received by the Issuer. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the 
Reference Security Coupon Amount scheduled to be received by the Issuer on the Relevant 
Reference Security Interest Payment Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic 
Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
On the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment which the Issuer will use together with the amount received under 
the Swap Agreement (if any) on or around such date as set out above to pay the Final Payment 
Amount in respect of each Security. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date.

--- Page 185 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 185 - 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 5C - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Swap Final Payment Flow, Scheduled Cashflow 
Obligation not applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security Interest Payment 
Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.4 
On the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to 
an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment received by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred. 
2.5 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.6 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, the Swap 
Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the 
Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided 
that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred.

--- Page 186 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 186 - 
2.7 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, the Issuer will be 
obliged to pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the proceeds received by the Issuer in 
respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind or 
deliver the Reference Securities to the Swap Counterparty and such delivery or payment to the Swap 
Counterparty shall take place on the Reference Security Unwind Date. 
2.8 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.9 
 Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.10 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the 
Reference Security Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security 
Interest Payment Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event 
(where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.4 
Where RCA Maturity Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap 
Counterparty an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated 
equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment received by the Issuer provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security.

--- Page 187 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 187 - 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 5D - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Swap Final Payment Flow, Scheduled Cashflow 
Obligation applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount scheduled to be received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security 
Interest Payment Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; 
and 
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.4 
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the relevant Series of Securities: 
(a) 
on or around any RCA Maturity Call Option Date which relates to a redemption of the 
Reference Securities in part but not whole, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty in the Reference Collateral Currency equal to the redemption proceeds due to 
be received by the Issuer in connection with such RCA Maturity Call Option Event provided 
that no Early Redemption Payment or Event of Default has occurred; and

--- Page 188 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 188 - 
(b) 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) 
in the relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
due to be received by the Issuer provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default 
has occurred. 
2.5 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant Series of Securities, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to an amount (if any) 
in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment scheduled to be received by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred. 
2.6 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.7 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, the Swap 
Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the 
Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided 
that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.8 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, the Issuer will be 
obliged to pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the proceeds received by the Issuer in 
respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind or 
deliver the Reference Securities to the Swap Counterparty and such delivery or payment to the Swap 
Counterparty shall take place on the Reference Security Unwind Date. 
2.9 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.10 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.11 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount").

--- Page 189 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 189 - 
3.3 
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the relevant series of Securities: 
on each RCA Maturity Call Option Date which is not the Final RCA Maturity Call Option 
Date, the RCA Issuer will pay an amount of principal and accrued interest thereon in respect 
of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time which are 
being and the RCA Nominal Amount will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed; and 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the RCA Issuer will pay to the Issuer an amount (if any) in the 
relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.9 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant series of Securities, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will be obliged to pay to the 
Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment scheduled to be received by the Issuer 
provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or 
Event of Default has occurred. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 5E - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Reference Security Coupon Flow, Swap Final Payment Flow, Scheduled Cashflow 
Obligation not applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement".

--- Page 190 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 190 - 
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant series of Securities, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to an amount (if any) 
in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment received by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.4 
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the relevant series of Securities: 
on or around any RCA Maturity Call Option Date which relates to a redemption of the 
Reference Securities in part but not whole, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty in the Reference Collateral Currency equal to the redemption proceeds 
scheduled to be received by the Issuer in connection with such RCA Maturity Call Option 
Event provided that no Early Redemption Payment or Event of Default has occurred; and 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) 
in the relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
received by the Issuer provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred. 
2.5 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant series of Securities, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) 
in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment received by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.6 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.7 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, the Swap 
Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the 
Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided 
that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.8 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, the Issuer will be 
obliged to pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the proceeds received by the Issuer in 
respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind or

--- Page 191 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 191 - 
deliver the Reference Securities to the Swap Counterparty and such delivery or payment to the Swap 
Counterparty shall take place on the Reference Security Unwind Date. 
2.9 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.10 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.11 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
The Issuer will use the Reference Security Coupon Amount it receives under the Reference 
Securities on the relevant Reference Security Payment Date to pay the relevant Interim Payment 
Amounts due in respect of the Securities. 
3.4
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to a Series of Securities:
on each RCA Maturity Call Option Date which is not the Final RCA Maturity Call Option 
Date, the RCA Issuer will pay an amount of principal and accrued interest thereon in respect 
of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time which are 
being and the RCA Nominal Amount will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed; and 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the RCA Issuer will pay to the Issuer an amount (if any) in the 
relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.9 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to a Series of Securities, on the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty 
an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment received by the Issuer provided that no Automatic Early Settlement 
Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):

--- Page 192 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 192 - 
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 5F - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Reference Security Coupon Flow, Swap Final Payment Flow, Scheduled Cashflow 
Obligation applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant Series of Securities, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to an amount (if any) 
in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment scheduled to be received by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic 
Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.4 
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the relevant Series of Securities: 
on or around any RCA Maturity Call Option Date which relates to a redemption of the 
Reference Securities in part but not whole, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty in the Reference Collateral Currency equal to the redemption proceeds 
scheduled to be received by the Issuer in connection with such RCA Maturity Call Option 
Event provided that no Early Redemption Payment or Event of Default has occurred; and

--- Page 193 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 193 - 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) 
in the relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
received by the Issuer provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred. 
2.5 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to 
an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment scheduled to be received by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty 
provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or 
Event of Default has occurred. 
2.6 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.7 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, the Swap 
Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the 
Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided 
that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.8 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs, the Issuer will be 
obliged to pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the proceeds received by the Issuer in 
respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind or 
deliver the Reference Securities to the Swap Counterparty and such delivery or payment to the Swap 
Counterparty shall take place on the Reference Security Unwind Date. 
2.9 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.10 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.11 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount").

--- Page 194 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 194 - 
3.3 
The Issuer will use the Reference Security Coupon Amount it receives under the Reference 
Securities on the relevant Reference Security Payment Date to pay the relevant Interim Payment 
Amounts due in respect of the Securities. 
3.4
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to a Series of Securities:
on each RCA Maturity Call Option Date which is not the Final RCA Maturity Call Option 
Date, the RCA Issuer will pay an amount of principal and accrued interest thereon in respect 
of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time which are 
being and the RCA Nominal Amount will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed; and 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the RCA Issuer will pay to the Issuer an amount (if any) in the 
relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.9 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to a Series of Securities, on the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty 
an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment received by the Issuer provided that no Automatic Early Settlement 
Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 5G - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Security Final Payment Flow, Scheduled 
Cashflow Obligation not applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.

--- Page 195 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 195 - 
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less than the net issue proceeds received by 
the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an 
amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the Net Available Proceeds (if any) and the Swap 
Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the Issuer Fees Amount.  
2.2 
Where the purchase price for the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue proceeds received 
by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap 
Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the Initial Swap Counterparty Payment 
Amount. 
2.3
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security Interest Payment 
Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.4 
Where the Issuer is due to pay an Aggregate Final Payment Amount which is greater than the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment, on or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will 
pay an amount to the Issuer which, when added to the redemption proceeds due to be received by 
the Issuer from the Reference Securities on or around such date, will be equal to the aggregate of the 
Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in respect of the Securities then 
outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment 
Event or Event of Default has occurred.   
2.5 
If the aggregate redemption proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities is 
greater than the Aggregate Final Payment Amount payable by the Issuer on the Final Payment Date, 
the Issuer will pay an amount equal to the amount of such excess to the Swap Counterparty on the 
Swap Issuer Final Payment Date. 
2.6
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs:  
(i)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Automatic 
Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Swap Counterparty will on or 
prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, 
when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer following the relevant Early Settlement 
Reference Security Unwind in respect of the Reference Securities on or around such date, 
will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that 
no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; or  
(ii)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, no further payment will be made under

--- Page 196 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 196 - 
the Swap Agreement in respect of the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount and, 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an 
amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the proceeds received by 
the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference 
Security Unwind and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount.  
2.7 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.8  
 Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.9 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Counterparty Payment 
from the Swap Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the 
Reference Security Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security 
Interest Payment Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event 
(where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
On the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment which the Issuer will use together with the amount received under 
the Swap Agreement (if any) on or around such date as set out above to pay the Final Payment 
Amount in respect of each Security. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security.

--- Page 197 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 197 - 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 5H - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Security Final Payment Flow, Scheduled 
Cashflow Obligation applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less than the net issue proceeds received by 
the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an 
amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the Net Available Proceeds (if any) and the Swap 
Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the Issuer Fees Amount.  
2.2 
Where the purchase price for the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue proceeds received 
by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap 
Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the Initial Swap Counterparty Payment 
Amount. 
2.3 
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount scheduled to be received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security 
Interest Payment Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; 
and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.4 
Where the Issuer is due to pay an Aggregate Final Payment Amount which is greater than the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment, on or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will 
pay an amount to the Issuer which, when added to the redemption proceeds due to be received by 
the Issuer from the Reference Securities on or around such date, will be equal to the aggregate of the 
Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in respect of the Securities then 
outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment 
Event or Event of Default has occurred.

--- Page 198 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 198 - 
2.5 
If the aggregate redemption proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities is 
greater than the Aggregate Final Payment Amount payable by the Issuer on the Final Payment Date, 
the Issuer will pay an amount equal to the amount of such excess to the Swap Counterparty on the 
Swap Issuer Final Payment Date. 
2.6
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities, if, on any Automatic 
Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs:  
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Automatic 
Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Swap Counterparty will on or 
prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, 
when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer following the relevant Early Settlement 
Reference Security Unwind in respect of the Reference Securities on or around such date, 
will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that 
no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; or  
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, no further payment will be made under 
the Swap Agreement in respect of the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount and, 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an 
amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the proceeds received by 
the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference 
Security Unwind and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount.  
2.7 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.8 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.9 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
2.10 
 The Issuer's obligation under the Swap Agreement will be to pay to the Swap Counterparty the 
scheduled amount of interest (where Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon is applicable)  
regardless of whether or not the full amount is actually received by the Issuer. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Counterparty Payment 
from the Swap Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the

--- Page 199 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 199 - 
Reference Security Coupon Amount scheduled to be received by the Issuer on the Relevant 
Reference Security Interest Payment Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic 
Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
On the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment which the Issuer will use together with the amount received under 
the Swap Agreement (if any) on or around such date as set out above to pay the Final Payment 
Amount in respect of each Security. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 6 
Transaction Structure Diagram: The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of 
the transaction that is the subject of Charged Asset Structure 6. Prospective investors should also review the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in the sections titled "Description 
of The Charged Assets - Part I – General", "Description of the Charged Assets – Part II – Description of the 
Swap Agreement" and "Description of The Charged Assets - Part V - Description of the Collateral Exchange 
Agreement", for a description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making any 
investment decision.

--- Page 200 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 200 - 
Key to Diagram 
(a)
On Issue Date
(b)
On Initial Reference Security Purchase Date
(c)
On Reference Collateral Interest Payment Date(s)
(d)
On Interim Payment Date(s)
(e)
On Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date
(f)
On Final Payment Date
(g)
Following a request from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty
(h)
Scheduled Exchange End Date
* 
Only where Reference Security Coupon Swap Payment Flow is 
applicable
**
Only where Swap Final Payment Flow is applicable
As used in the below headings of the Charged Asset Structure 6: 
"Collateral Exchange Agreement" means one of Collateral Exchange Structures 1 to 3 is applicable as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Swap Payment Flow" refers to a structure where the Issuer pays the net issue proceeds from the 
Securities to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty pays the purchase price for the Reference 
Securities to the Issuer. 
Interest on RS (c)*
and principal on RS (e)** or RS 
Balancing Payment 
Swap 
Counterparty  
Issuer
Holders  
Issue Proceeds (a)
Securities (a), Interim 
Payment Amount (d)
and Final Payment 
Amount (f)
Interim Payment Amount (d)*
and Final Payment Amount 
on Securities (f)** or Security 
Balancing Payment (f) 
Reference Securities ("RS") 
RS Purchase Price (b)
Interest on RS (c)
and principal on RS (e)
Collateral Exchange Counterparty
RS (g)
RCA Price (b)
Issue Proceeds (a)
Replacement Reference Securities  
(if any) (g)
Equivalent  
RS (h)
Equivalent Replacement
Reference Securities (if any) (h)
Only applicable 
where one of 
Collateral Exchange 
Structures 1 to 3 is 
applicable

--- Page 201 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 201 - 
"Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon" refers to a structure where the interest on the Reference Securities 
is paid by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty pays to the Issuer the Interim 
Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
"Security Flow Reference Security Coupon" refers to a structure where the interest on the Reference 
Securities is used by the Issuer to pay the Interim Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
"Swap Final Payment Flow" refers to a structure where the principal on the Reference Securities is paid by 
the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty pays to the Issuer the aggregate Final 
Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
"Security Final Payment Flow" refers to a structure where the principal on the Reference Securities is paid 
is used by the Issuer, together with any payment received from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement, to pay the aggregate Final Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
"Scheduled Cashflow Obligation" refers to a structure where the Issuer's obligation under the Swap 
Agreement will be to pay to the Swap Counterparty the scheduled amount of interest (where Swap Flow 
Reference Security Coupon is applicable) and/or principal payable under the Reference Securities (where 
Swap Final Payment Flow is applicable) whether or not the full amount is actually received by the Issuer. 
Where Scheduled Cashflow Obligation not applicable applies the Issuer's obligation will be to only pay the 
amount it actually receives under the Reference Securities to the Swap Counterparty. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 6A - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Security Final Payment Flow, Collateral 
Exchange Agreement, Scheduled Cashflow Obligation not applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part VII – Description of the 
Collateral Exchange Structures".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security Interest Payment 
Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a Collateral Exchange has taken

--- Page 202 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 202 - 
place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, received by the Issuer 
from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement 
Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.6 
Where the Issuer is due to pay an Aggregate Final Payment Amount which is greater than the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment, on or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will 
pay an amount to the Issuer which, when added to the redemption proceeds due to be received by 
the Issuer from the Reference Securities on or around such date, will be equal to the aggregate of the 
Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in respect of the Securities then 
outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment 
Event or Event of Default has occurred.   
2.7 
If the aggregate redemption proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities is 
greater than the Aggregate Final Payment Amount payable by the Issuer on the Final Payment Date, 
the Issuer will pay an amount equal to the amount of such excess to the Swap Counterparty on the 
Swap Issuer Final Payment Date. 
2.8
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities: 
If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs:  
(i)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Automatic 
Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Swap Counterparty will on or 
prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, 
when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer following the relevant Early Settlement 
Reference Security Unwind in respect of the Reference Securities on or around such date, 
will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that 
no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; or  
(ii)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, no further payment will be made under 
the Swap Agreement in respect of the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount and, 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an 
amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the proceeds received by 
the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference 
Security Unwind and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount.  
2.9 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.10 
 Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.11 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities.

--- Page 203 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 203 - 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) to the Swap Counterparty in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Reference Security Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant 
Reference Security Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a 
Collateral Exchange has taken place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, 
received by the Issuer from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.5 
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the relevant Series of Securities: 
On each RCA Maturity Call Option Date which is not the Final RCA Maturity Call Option 
Date, the RCA Issuer will pay an amount of principal and accrued interest thereon in respect 
of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time which are 
being and the RCA Nominal Amount will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed; and 
On the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the RCA Issuer will pay to the Issuer an amount (if any) in the 
relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant Series of Securities, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment which the Issuer will use together with the amount received under the Swap 
Agreement (if any) on or around such date as set out above to pay the Final Payment Amount in 
respect of each Security. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys

--- Page 204 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 204 - 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 6B - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Security Final Payment Flow, Collateral 
Exchange Agreement, Scheduled Cashflow Obligation applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part VII – Description of the 
Collateral Exchange Structures".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount scheduled to be received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security 
Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a Collateral 
Exchange has taken place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, 
scheduled to be received by the Issuer from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided 
that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event 
of Default has occurred; and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.6 
Where the Issuer is due to pay an Aggregate Final Payment Amount which is greater than the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment, on or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will 
pay an amount to the Issuer which, when added to the redemption proceeds due to be received by 
the Issuer from the Reference Securities on or around such date, will be equal to the aggregate of the 
Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in respect of the Securities then 
outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment 
Event or Event of Default has occurred.

--- Page 205 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 205 - 
2.7 
If the aggregate redemption proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities is 
greater than the Aggregate Final Payment Amount payable by the Issuer on the Final Payment Date, 
the Issuer will pay an amount equal to the amount of such excess to the Swap Counterparty on the 
Swap Issuer Final Payment Date. 
2.8
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities: 
If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs:  
(i)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Automatic 
Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Swap Counterparty will on or 
prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, 
when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer following the relevant Early Settlement 
Reference Security Unwind in respect of the Reference Securities on or around such date, 
will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that 
no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; or  
(ii)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, no further payment will be made under 
the Swap Agreement in respect of the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount and, 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an 
amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the proceeds received by 
the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference 
Security Unwind and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount.  
2.9 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.10 
 Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.11 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) to the Swap Counterparty in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Reference Security Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant 
Reference Security Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a 
Collateral Exchange has taken place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities,

--- Page 206 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 206 - 
received by the Issuer from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.5 
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the relevant Series of Securities: 
(a) 
On each RCA Maturity Call Option Date which is not the Final RCA Maturity Call Option 
Date, the RCA Issuer will pay an amount of principal and accrued interest thereon in respect 
of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time which are 
being and the RCA Nominal Amount will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed; and 
(b) 
On the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the RCA Issuer will pay to the Issuer an amount (if any) in the 
relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant Series of Securities, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment which the Issuer will use together with the amount received under the Swap 
Agreement (if any) on or around such date as set out above to pay the Final Payment Amount in 
respect of each Security. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 6C - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Swap Final Payment Flow, Collateral Exchange 
Agreement, Scheduled Cashflow Obligation not applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the Collateral

--- Page 207 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 207 - 
Exchange Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part VII – Description of the 
Collateral Exchange Structures".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security Interest Payment 
Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a Collateral Exchange has taken 
place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, received by the Issuer 
from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement 
Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.4 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant Series of Securities, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to an amount (if any) 
in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment received by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.5 
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the relevant Series of Securities: 
(a) 
on or around any RCA Maturity Call Option Date which relates to a redemption of the 
Reference Securities in part but not whole, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty in the Reference Collateral Currency equal to the redemption proceeds due to 
be received by the Issuer in connection with such RCA Maturity Call Option Event provided 
that no Early Redemption Payment or Event of Default has occurred; and 
(b) 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) 
in the relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
due to be received by the Issuer provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default 
has occurred. 
2.6 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in

--- Page 208 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 208 - 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.7 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities:
(a) 
if, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event 
occurs, the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement 
Date pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic 
Early Settlement Amount, provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred; and 
(b) 
if, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event 
occurs, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the 
proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind or deliver the Reference Securities to the Swap 
Counterparty and such delivery or payment to the Swap Counterparty shall take place on 
the Reference Security Unwind Date. 
2.8 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.9 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.10 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) to the Swap Counterparty in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Reference Security Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant 
Reference Security Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a 
Collateral Exchange has taken place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, 
received by the Issuer from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.5
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the series of Securities: 
(a) 
on each RCA Maturity Call Option Date which is not the Final RCA Maturity Call Option 
Date, the RCA Issuer will pay an amount of principal and accrued interest thereon in respect 
of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time which are

--- Page 209 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 209 - 
being and the RCA Nominal Amount will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed; and 
(b) 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the RCA Issuer will pay to the Issuer an amount (if any) in the 
relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
On the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to 
the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment received by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 6D - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Swap Final Payment Flow, Collateral Exchange 
Agreement, Scheduled Cashflow Obligation applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part VII – Description of the 
Collateral Exchange Structures".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap

--- Page 210 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 210 - 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount scheduled to be received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security 
Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a Collateral 
Exchange has taken place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, 
received by the Issuer from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred; and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.4 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant Series of Securities, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to an amount (if any) 
in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment scheduled to be received by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic 
Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.5 
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the relevant Series of Securities: 
on or around any RCA Maturity Call Option Date which relates to a redemption of the 
Reference Securities in part but not whole, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty in the Reference Collateral Currency equal to the redemption proceeds due to 
be received by the Issuer in connection with such RCA Maturity Call Option Event provided 
that no Early Redemption Payment or Event of Default has occurred; and 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) 
in the relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
due to be received by the Issuer provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default 
has occurred. 
2.6 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.7 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities:
if, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event 
occurs, the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement

--- Page 211 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 211 - 
Date pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic 
Early Settlement Amount, provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred; and 
if, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event 
occurs, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the 
proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind or deliver the Reference Securities to the Swap 
Counterparty and such delivery or payment to the Swap Counterparty shall take place on 
the Reference Security Unwind Date. 
2.8 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.9 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.10 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) to the Swap Counterparty in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Reference Security Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant 
Reference Security Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a 
Collateral Exchange has taken place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, 
received by the Issuer from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.5
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the Securities: 
on each RCA Maturity Call Option Date which is not the Final RCA Maturity Call Option 
Date, the RCA Issuer will pay an amount of principal and accrued interest thereon in respect 
of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time which are 
being and the RCA Nominal Amount will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed; and 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the RCA Issuer will pay to the Issuer an amount (if any) in the 
relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred.

--- Page 212 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 212 - 
3.6 
On the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to 
the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment received by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 6E - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Swap Final Payment Flow, Collateral Exchange 
Agreement, Scheduled Cashflow Obligation not applicable, Initial Swap Flow Exchange 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
On, or around, the Issue Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal 
to the net issue proceeds of the relevant Securities and, on or before the Initial Reference Security 
Purchase Date(s), the Swap Counterparty will pay one or more amounts to the Issuer in the relevant 
currency of the Reference Securities which is equal to amount which the Issuer is to pay to purchase 
the relevant Reference Securities and an amount equal to the relevant Issuer Fees Amount. 
2.2
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security Interest Payment 
Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a Collateral Exchange has taken 
place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, received by the Issuer 
from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement 
Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; and

--- Page 213 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 213 - 
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.3 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant Series of Securities, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to an amount (if any) 
in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment scheduled to be received by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic 
Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.4 
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the relevant Series of Securities: 
on or around any RCA Maturity Call Option Date which relates to a redemption of the 
Reference Securities in part but not whole, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty in the Reference Collateral Currency equal to the redemption proceeds due to 
be received by the Issuer in connection with such RCA Maturity Call Option Event provided 
that no Early Redemption Payment or Event of Default has occurred; and 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) 
in the relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
due to be received by the Issuer provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default 
has occurred. 
2.5 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.6 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities:
if, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event 
occurs, the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement 
Date pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic 
Early Settlement Amount, provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred; and 
 if, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement 
Event occurs, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal 
to the proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the 
Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind or deliver the Reference Securities to the Swap 
Counterparty and such delivery or payment to the Swap Counterparty shall take place on 
the Reference Security Unwind Date. 
2.7 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities.

--- Page 214 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 214 - 
2.8 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.9 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) to the Swap Counterparty in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Reference Security Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant 
Reference Security Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a 
Collateral Exchange has taken place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, 
received by the Issuer from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.5
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the Securities: 
on each RCA Maturity Call Option Date which is not the Final RCA Maturity Call Option 
Date, the RCA Issuer will pay an amount of principal and accrued interest thereon in respect 
of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time which are 
being and the RCA Nominal Amount will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed; and 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the RCA Issuer will pay to the Issuer an amount (if any) in the 
relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
On the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to 
the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment received by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security.

--- Page 215 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 215 - 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 6F - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Swap Final Payment Flow, Scheduled Cashflow 
Obligation applicable, Initial Swap Flow Exchange 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement". 
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
On, or around, the Issue Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal 
to the net issue proceeds of the relevant Securities and, on or before the Initial Reference Security 
Purchase Date(s), the Swap Counterparty will pay one or more amounts to the Issuer in the relevant 
currency of the Reference Securities which is equal to amount which the Issuer is to pay to purchase 
the relevant Reference Securities and an amount equal to the relevant Issuer Fees Amount. 
2.2
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount scheduled to be received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security 
Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; 
and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.3 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant Series of Securities, on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final 
Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) 
in the currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment scheduled to be received by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic 
Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.4 
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the relevant Series of Securities: 
on or around any RCA Maturity Call Option Date which relates to a redemption of the 
Reference Securities in part but not whole, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty in the Reference Collateral Currency equal to the redemption proceeds due to

--- Page 216 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 216 - 
be received by the Issuer in connection with such RCA Maturity Call Option Event provided 
that no Early Redemption Payment or Event of Default has occurred; and 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) 
in the relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
due to be received by the Issuer provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default 
has occurred. 
2.5 
On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.6 
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities:
if, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event 
occurs, the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement 
Date pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic 
Early Settlement Amount, provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred; and 
if, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event 
occurs, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the 
proceeds received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind or deliver the Reference Securities to the Swap 
Counterparty and such delivery or payment to the Swap Counterparty shall take place on 
the Reference Security Unwind Date. 
2.7 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.8 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.9 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer will pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in respect 
of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such amount, 
a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) to the Swap Counterparty in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Reference Security Coupon Amount scheduled to be received by the Issuer

--- Page 217 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 217 - 
on the Relevant Reference Security Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer 
provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or 
Event of Default has occurred. 
3.5
Where RCA Maturity Call is applicable to the Securities: 
on each RCA Maturity Call Option Date which is not the Final RCA Maturity Call Option 
Date, the RCA Issuer will pay an amount of principal and accrued interest thereon in respect 
of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time which are 
being and the RCA Nominal Amount will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed; and 
on the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the RCA Issuer will pay to the Issuer an amount (if any) in the 
relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
On the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment and, on the Swap Issuer Final Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to 
the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment received by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has 
occurred. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security and, where applicable, 
the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 7 
Transaction Structure Diagram: The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of 
the transaction that is the subject of Charged Asset Structure 7. Prospective investors should also review the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in the sections titled "Description 
of The Charged Assets - Part I – General", "Description of the Charged Assets – Part II – Description of the 
Swap Agreement" and "Description of The Charged Assets - Part IV – Description of the Repurchase 
Agreement", for a description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making any 
investment decision.

--- Page 218 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 218 - 
Key to Diagram 
(a)
On Issue Date
(b)
On Initial Posting Date
(c)
On each Repurchase Date
(d)
On Interim Payment Date(s)
(e)
On Final Repo Date
(f)
On Final Payment Date
(g)
On each Purchase Date
*
Only where Swap Flow Repo Accrued Interest
**
Only where Swap Payment Flow is applicable
As used in the below headings of the Charged Asset Structure 7: 
"Swap Flow Repo Accrued Interest" refers to a structure where the accrued interest (referred to as price 
differential) received by the Issuer under the Repurchase Agreement is paid to the Swap Counterparty and 
the Swap Counterparty pays to the Issuer the Interim Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
"Swap Final Payment Flow" refers to a structure where the amount received by the Issuer on the Final Repo 
Date under the Repurchase Agreement is paid by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap 
Counterparty pays to the Issuer the aggregate Final Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
"Repo Final Payment Flow" refers to a structure where the amount received by the Issuer on the Final Repo 
Date under the Repurchase Agreement is used by the Issuer, together with any payment received from the 
Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, to pay the aggregate Final Payment Amounts due on the 
Securities. 
Repo Price Differential (c)*
and Final Repurchase  
Price (e)** or Repo  
Balancing Payment 
Swap 
Counterparty 
Issuer
Holders  
Issue Proceeds (a)
Securities (a), Interim 
Payment Amount (d)
and Final Payment 
Amount (f)
Interim Payment Amount (d)*
and Final Payment Amount  
on Securities (f)** or Security 
Balancing Payment (f) 
Repo Counterparty
Aggregate  
Issue Amount (b)
Issue Proceeds (a)
 Repo Collateral Securities (g)
Repurchase Price 
(incl. Repo Price 
Differential) (c)
Equivalent Repo 
Collateral Securities (c)
Purchase 
Price (b) (g)

--- Page 219 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 219 - 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 7A - REPURCHASE AGREEMENT AND SWAP AGREEMENT, Swap Flow 
Repo Accrued Interest, Repo Final Payment Flow   
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty and the Repurchase Agreement with the Repo Counterparty.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the Repurchase 
Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part IV – Description of the Repurchase 
Agreement". 
2. 
Payments under the Repurchase Agreement 
2.1 
On the Initial Repo Purchase Date, the Issuer will use up to 100 per cent. of the net issue proceeds 
of the Securities, and, all or part of the Initial Swap Payment Amount to purchase Repo Collateral 
Securities with a value equal to the Aggregate Issue Amount pursuant to the Repurchase Agreement. 
2.2 
On each Repurchase Date under the Repurchase Agreement, the Repo Counterparty will pay an 
amount of Accrued Interest to the Issuer in respect of the Repo Transaction which has just terminated 
(each such amount, a "Repo Accrued Interest Amount"). 
2.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) equal to the Repo Accrued Interest Amount received by the Issuer on relevant 
Repurchase Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event 
(where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.4 
On the Final Repo Date, the Repo Counterparty will pay to the Issuer the Final Repurchase Price 
Payment which the Issuer will use together with the amount received under the Swap Agreement (if 
any) on or around the Final Payment Date to pay the Final Payment Amount in respect of each 
Security. 
2.5 
Where the Issuer purchases Securities and sells Repo Collateral Securities to the Repo Counterparty 
in order to fund such purchase, a fee in addition to the relevant Purchase Price or Repurchase Price 
(as applicable) may be payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or by the Repo Counterparty 
to the Issuer depending on prevailing market conditions.   
2.8 
Where the Issuer purchases Securities, a Repurchase Date shall occur with respect to the proportion 
of the Repurchase Agreement equal to the Aggregate Amount of Securities being purchased (the 
"Purchased Proportion") and Accrued Interest will be reflected in the Repurchase Price paid by 
the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the Purchased Proportion immediately following 
any such repurchase. 
3. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
3.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Repo Collateral Securities 
is less than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial 
Swap Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
3.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Repo Collateral Securities 
is greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount.

--- Page 220 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 220 - 
3.4 
If an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty will 
pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on or before the 
date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.5 
Where the Issuer is due to pay an Aggregate Final Payment Amount which is greater than the Final 
Repurchase Price Payment, on or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay 
an amount to the Issuer which, when added to the proceeds due to be received by the Issuer under 
the Repurchase Agreement on or around such date, will be equal to the aggregate of the Final 
Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in respect of the Securities then outstanding, 
provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or 
Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs: 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Automatic 
Early Settlement Repo Payment Amount, the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the 
relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, when added 
to the proceeds received by the Issuer from the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase 
Agreement on or around such date, will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early 
Settlement Amount, provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; 
or 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the proceeds received 
by the Issuer from the Repo Counterparty, no further payment will be made under the Swap 
Agreement (other than in respect of any unpaid Repo Accrued Interest Amounts) and, where 
the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early 
Settlement Repo Payment Amount, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount to the Swap 
Counterparty equal to the difference between the proceeds received by the Issuer from the 
Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement and the Aggregate Automatic Early 
Settlement Amount. 
3.7 
 The notional amount of the Swap Agreement will be reduced to take account of any purchase and 
cancellation of Securities by the Issuer so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement at any 
time will be equal to the Aggregate Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding  
3.8 
 Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
3.9 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, one or more Credit Support Structures may apply to 
the Swap Agreement. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement in 
the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security;  
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security.

--- Page 221 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 221 - 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Repurchase Agreement to the Issuer will be paid to 
the relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Automatic Early 
Settlement Date (where applicable) or the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding 
Security on the Final Payment Date. 
Charged Asset Structure 7B - REPURCHASE AGREEMENT AND SWAP AGREEMENT, Swap Flow Repo 
Accrued Interest, Swap Final Payment Flow   
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty and the Repurchase Agreement with the Repo Counterparty.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged 
Assets – Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the 
Repurchase Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part IV – 
Description of the Repurchase Agreement". 
2. 
Payments under the Repurchase Agreement 
2.1 
On the Initial Repo Purchase Date, the Issuer will use up to 100 per cent. of the net issue proceeds 
of the Securities and all or part of the Initial Swap Payment Amount (if any) to purchase Repo 
Collateral Securities with a value equal to the Aggregate Issue Amount pursuant to the Repurchase 
Agreement. 
2.2 
On each Repurchase Date under the Repurchase Agreement, the Repo Counterparty will pay an 
amount of Accrued Interest to the Issuer in respect of the Repo Transaction which has just terminated 
(each such amount, a "Repo Accrued Interest Amount"). 
2.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any)  equal to the Repo Accrued Interest Amount  received by the Issuer on relevant 
Repurchase Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event 
(where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.4 
On the Final Repo Date, the Repo Counterparty will pay to the Issuer the Final Repurchase Price 
Payment and the Issuer will pay to an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Repurchase 
Agreement is denominated equal to the Final Repurchase Price Payment received by the Issuer on 
the Final Repo Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event 
(where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.5 
Where the Issuer purchases Securities and sells Repo Collateral Securities to the Repo Counterparty 
in order to fund such purchase, a fee in addition to the relevant Purchase Price or Repurchase Price 
(as applicable) may be payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or by the Repo Counterparty 
to the Issuer depending on prevailing market conditions.   
2.6 
Where the Issuer purchases Securities, a Repurchase Date shall occur with respect to the proportion 
of the Repurchase Agreement equal to the Aggregate Amount of Securities being purchased (the 
"Purchased Proportion") and Accrued Interest will be reflected in the Repurchase Price paid by 
the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the Purchased Proportion immediately following 
any such repurchase.

--- Page 222 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 222 - 
3. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
3.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Repo Collateral Securities 
is less than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial 
Swap Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
3.2
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Repo Collateral Securities 
is greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
3.3 
 If an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty will 
pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on or before the 
date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.4 
 On the Swap Final Issuer Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount (if 
any) in the currency in which the Repurchase Agreement is denominated equal to the Final 
Repurchase Price Payment received by the Issuer on the Final Repo Date. 
3.5 
 On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
 If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred: 
the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay 
an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early 
Settlement Amount, provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; 
and 
the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) in the currency in which 
the Repurchase Agreement is denominated equal to the amount received by the Issuer under 
the Repurchase Agreement from the Repo Counterparty on or around the Automatic Early 
Settlement Date. 
3.7 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement will be reduced to take account of any purchase and 
cancellation of Securities by the Issuer so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement at any 
time will be equal to the Aggregate Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding  
3.8 
Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
3.9 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, one or more Credit Support Structures may apply to 
the Swap Agreement. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement in 
the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security;

--- Page 223 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 223 - 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Repurchase Agreement to the Issuer will be paid to 
the relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Automatic Early 
Settlement Date (where applicable) or the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding 
Security on the Final Payment Date. 
Charged Asset Structure 7C - Repurchase Agreement and Swap Agreement, Security Flow Repo 
Accrued Interest, Swap Final Payment Flow   
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty and the Repurchase Agreement with the Repo Counterparty.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the Repurchase 
Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part IV – Description of the Repurchase 
Agreement". 
2. 
Payments under the Repurchase Agreement 
2.1 
On the Initial Repo Purchase Date, the Issuer will use up to 100 per cent. of the net issue proceeds 
of the Securities, and, all or part of the Initial Swap Payment Amount to purchase Repo Collateral 
Securities with a value equal to the Aggregate Issue Amount pursuant to the Repurchase Agreement. 
2.2 
On each Repurchase Date under the Repurchase Agreement, the Repo Counterparty will pay an 
amount of Accrued Interest to the Issuer in respect of the Repo Transaction which has just terminated 
(each such amount, a "Repo Accrued Interest Amount"). 
2.3 
The Issuer will use the Repo Accrued Interest Amount received under the Repurchase Agreement to 
pay the relevant Interim Payment Amounts due in respect of the Securities. 
2.4 
On the Final Repo Date, the Repo Counterparty will pay to the Issuer the Final Repurchase Price 
Payment and the Issuer will pay to an amount (if any) in the currency in which the Repurchase 
Agreement is denominated equal to the Final Repurchase Price Payment received by the Issuer on 
the Final Repo Date to the Swap Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event 
(where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
2.5 
Where the Issuer purchases Securities and sells Repo Collateral Securities to the Repo Counterparty 
in order to fund such purchase, a fee in addition to the relevant Purchase Price or Repurchase Price 
(as applicable) may be payable by the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty or by the Repo Counterparty 
to the Issuer depending on prevailing market conditions.   
2.6 
Where the Issuer purchases Securities, a Repurchase Date shall occur with respect to the proportion 
of the Repurchase Agreement equal to the Aggregate Amount of Securities being purchased (the 
"Purchased Proportion") and Accrued Interest will be reflected in the Repurchase Price paid by 
the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the Purchased Proportion immediately following 
any such repurchase.

--- Page 224 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 224 - 
3. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
3.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Repo Collateral Securities 
is less than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial 
Swap Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
3.2
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Repo Collateral Securities 
is greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
3.4 
Where Swap Final Payment Flow is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
On the Swap Final Issuer Payment Date, the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount (if 
any) in the currency in which the Repurchase Agreement is denominated equal to the Final 
Repurchase Price Payment received by the Issuer on the Final Repo Date. 
3.5 
 On or prior to the Final Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer which 
will be equal to the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts that the Issuer is scheduled to pay in 
respect of the Securities then outstanding, provided that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where 
applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.7 
If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred: 
the Swap Counterparty will on or prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay 
an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early 
Settlement Amount, provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; 
and 
the Issuer will pay to the Swap Counterparty an amount (if any) in the currency in which 
the Repurchase Agreement is denominated equal to the amount received by the Issuer under 
the Repurchase Agreement from the Repo Counterparty on or around the Automatic Early 
Settlement Date. 
3.10 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement will be reduced to take account of any purchase and 
cancellation of Securities by the Issuer so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement at any 
time will be equal to the Aggregate Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding  
3.11 
 Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
3.12 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, one or more Credit Support Structures may apply to 
the Swap Agreement. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement in 
the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security;  
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or

--- Page 225 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 225 - 
the Final Payment Amount on the Final Payment Date in respect of each outstanding 
Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Repurchase Agreement to the Issuer will be paid to 
the relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, the 
Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security on the Automatic Early 
Settlement Date (where applicable) or the Final Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding 
Security on the Final Payment Date. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 8 
Transaction Structure Diagram: The diagram below is intended to provide an overview of the structure of 
the transaction that is the subject of Charged Asset Structure 8. Prospective investors should also review the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, including in the sections titled "Description 
of The Charged Assets - Part I – General", "Description of the Charged Assets – Part II – Description of the 
Swap Agreement" and "Description of The Charged Assets - Part V - Description of the Collateral Exchange 
Agreement", for a description of the transaction structure and relevant cashflows prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Interest on RS (c)*
Swap 
Counterparty  
Issuer
Holders  
Issue Proceeds (a)
Securities (a), Interim 
Payment Amount (d)
and RS (e)
Interim Payment Amount (d)*
Reference Securities ("RS") 
RS Purchase Price (b)
Interest on RS (c)
Collateral Exchange Counterparty
RS (f)
RCA Price (b)
Issue Proceeds (a)
Replacement Reference Securities  
(if any) (f)
Equivalent  
RS (g)
Equivalent Replacement
Reference Securities (if any) (g)
Only applicable 
where one of 
Collateral Exchange 
Structures 1 to 3 is 
applicable

--- Page 226 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 226 - 
Key to Diagram 
(a)
On Issue Date
(b)
On Initial Reference Security Purchase Date
(c)
On Reference Collateral Interest Payment Date(s)
(d)
On Interim Payment Date(s)
(e)
On Final Payment Date
(f)
Following a request from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty
(g)
Scheduled Exchange End Date
* 
Only where Reference Security Coupon Swap Payment Flow is 
applicable
As used in the below headings of the Charged Asset Structure 8: 
"Collateral Exchange Agreement" means one of Collateral Exchange Structures 1 to 3 is applicable as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Swap Payment Flow" refers to a structure where the Issuer pays the net issue proceeds from the 
Securities to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty pays the purchase price for the Reference 
Securities to the Issuer. 
"Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon" refers to a structure where the interest on the Reference Securities 
is paid by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty pays to the Issuer the Interim 
Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
"Security Flow Reference Security Coupon" refers to a structure where the interest on the Reference 
Securities is used by the Issuer to pay the Interim Payment Amounts due on the Securities. 
"Scheduled Cashflow Obligation" refers to a structure where the Issuer's obligation under the Swap 
Agreement will be to pay to the Swap Counterparty the scheduled amount of interest (where Swap Flow 
Reference Security Coupon is applicable) and/or principal payable under the Reference Securities (where 
Swap Final Payment Flow is applicable) whether or not the full amount is actually received by the Issuer. 
Where Scheduled Cashflow Obligation not applicable applies the Issuer's obligation will be to only pay the 
amount it actually receives under the Reference Securities to the Swap Counterparty. 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 8A - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Collateral Exchange Agreement, Scheduled 
Cashflow Obligation not applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part VII – Description of the 
Collateral Exchange Structures".
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).

--- Page 227 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 227 - 
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security Interest Payment 
Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a Collateral Exchange has taken 
place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, received by the Issuer 
from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early Settlement 
Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.6
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities: 
If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs:  
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Automatic 
Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Swap Counterparty will on or 
prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, 
when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer following the relevant Early Settlement 
Reference Security Unwind in respect of the Reference Securities on or around such date, 
will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that 
no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; or  
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, no further payment will be made under 
the Swap Agreement in respect of the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount and, 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an 
amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the proceeds received by 
the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference 
Security Unwind and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount.  
2.7 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.8 
 Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.9 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities.

--- Page 228 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 228 - 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer is due to pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in 
respect of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such 
amount, a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) to the Swap Counterparty in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Reference Security Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant 
Reference Security Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a 
Collateral Exchange has taken place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, 
received by the Issuer from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.5 
Where RCA Maturity Call and Par Redemption are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms : 
On each RCA Maturity Call Option Date which is not the Final RCA Maturity Call Option 
Date, the RCA Issuer will pay an amount of principal and accrued interest thereon in respect 
of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time which are 
being and the RCA Nominal Amount will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed; and 
On the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the RCA Issuer will pay to the Issuer an amount (if any) in the 
relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.6 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant Series of Securities or no Final RCA 
Maturity Option Call Date occurs during the Par Redemption Period, the Issuer will deliver the 
Reference Securities to the Holders of Securities provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, and, where 
applicable, the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security.

--- Page 229 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 229 - 
CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURE 8B - INTEREST BEARING REFERENCE SECURITIES AND SWAP 
AGREEMENT: Swap Flow Reference Security Coupon, Collateral Exchange Agreement, Scheduled 
Cashflow Obligation applicable 
1. 
General 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Swap Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty. On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will purchase the 
Reference Securities.   
1.2 
For further details relating to the Swap Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – 
Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement" and for further details relating to the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement, please see "Description of the Charged Assets – Part VII – Description of the 
Collateral Exchange Structures". 
2. 
Payments under the Swap Agreement 
2.1 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is less 
than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the Initial Swap 
Payment Date, the Issuer will pay an amount to the Swap Counterparty which is equal to the 
Available Proceeds (if any).  
2.2 
Where the sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities is 
greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, on the 
Initial Swap Payment Date, the Swap Counterparty will pay an amount to the Issuer equal to the 
Initial Swap Payment Amount. 
2.3
Under the Swap Agreement: 
on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an amount (if any) in the 
currency in which the Reference Securities are denominated equal to the Reference Security 
Coupon Amount scheduled to be received by the Issuer on the Relevant Reference Security 
Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a Collateral 
Exchange has taken place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, 
scheduled to be received by the Issuer from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided 
that no Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event 
of Default has occurred; and  
if an Interim Payment Amount is payable in respect of the Securities, the Swap Counterparty 
will pay an amount to the Issuer which will be equal to such Interim Payment Amount on 
or before the date on which such payment is due to be made by the Issuer provided that no 
Automatic Early Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of 
Default has occurred. 
2.6
Where Automatic Early Settlement is applicable in respect of the Securities: 
If, on any Automatic Early Settlement Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Settlement Event occurs:  
(i)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is greater than the Automatic 
Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Swap Counterparty will on or 
prior to the relevant Automatic Early Settlement Date pay an amount to the Issuer which, 
when added to the proceeds received by the Issuer following the relevant Early Settlement 
Reference Security Unwind in respect of the Reference Securities on or around such date, 
will be equal to the relevant Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount, provided that 
no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred; or

--- Page 230 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 230 - 
(ii)
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is equal to the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, no further payment will be made under 
the Swap Agreement in respect of the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount and, 
where the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount is less than the Automatic Early 
Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds, the Issuer will be obliged to pay an 
amount to the Swap Counterparty equal to the difference between the proceeds received by 
the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following the Early Settlement Reference 
Security Unwind and the Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amount.  
2.7 
The notional amount of the Swap Agreement and the aggregate nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities will be reduced to take account of any purchase and cancellation of Securities by the Issuer 
so that the notional amount of the Swap Agreement, and the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer, at any time will (in each case) be equal to the Aggregate 
Issue Amount of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any such repurchase in the 
case of the Swap Agreement and equal to the Collateralisation Notional Amount in the case of the 
Reference Securities. 
2.8 
 Payments under the Swap Agreement will only be made on Swap Business Days. 
2.9 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Credit Support Structure may apply to the Securities. 
3. 
Payments under the Reference Securities 
3.1 
On the Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s), the Issuer will use (a) up to 100 per cent. of the 
net issue proceeds of the Securities, and (b) all or part of any Initial Swap Payment from the Swap 
Counterparty where the purchase price of the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities to purchase the Reference Securities. 
3.2 
On each interest payment date under the Reference Securities (each a "Reference Security Interest 
Payment Date"), the Reference Security Issuer is due to pay an amount of interest to the Issuer in 
respect of the principal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time (each such 
amount, a "Reference Security Coupon Amount"). 
3.3 
Under the Swap Agreement, on each Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date the Issuer will pay an 
amount (if any) to the Swap Counterparty in the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated equal to the Reference Security Coupon Amount received by the Issuer on the Relevant 
Reference Security Interest Payment Date from the Reference Security Issuer and/or, where a 
Collateral Exchange has taken place in respect of all or part of the relevant Reference Securities, 
received by the Issuer from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty provided that no Automatic Early 
Settlement Event (where applicable), Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred. 
3.5 
Where RCA Maturity Call and Par Redemption are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
On each RCA Maturity Call Option Date which is not the Final RCA Maturity Call Option 
Date, the RCA Issuer will pay an amount of principal and accrued interest thereon in respect 
of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer at such time which are 
being and the RCA Nominal Amount will be reduced by the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed; and 
(b) 
On the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) and (ii) the Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date, the RCA Issuer will pay to the Issuer an amount (if any) in the 
relevant Reference Collateral Currency equal to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
provided that no Early Payment Event or Event of Default has occurred.

--- Page 231 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 231 - 
3.6 
Where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable to the relevant Series of Securities or no Final RCA 
Maturity Call Option Date occurs during the Par Redemption Period, on the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment Date, the Reference Security Issuer will pay to the Issuer the Scheduled Final Bond 
Payment which the Issuer will use together with the amount received under the Swap Agreement (if 
any) on or around such date as set out above to pay the Final Payment Amount in respect of each 
Security. 
4. 
Arrangements upon which payments to investors are dependent 
The Issuer is dependent on receiving payments (if any) when due from the Swap Counterparty 
pursuant to the Swap Agreement and/or from the Reference Security Issuer under the Reference 
Securities in the manner described in paragraphs 2 and 3 above in order to pay (where applicable):  
the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security; and/or 
any Interim Payment Amount in respect of each outstanding Security. 
5. 
Collection of payments 
Payments made under the Swap Agreement or Reference Securities to the Issuer will be paid to the 
relevant Compartment Account (as defined in the Conditions) and the Issuer will use the moneys 
standing to the credit of the Compartment Account to pay any Interim Payment Amount, and where 
applicable, the Automatic Early Settlement Amount in respect of each outstanding Security. 
REPLACEMENT OF RCA 
Where RCA Merger Event and RCA Reference Entity/Issuer/Guarantor Merger are applicable to a series of 
Securities and the Calculation Agent has determined that such a RCA Merger Event has occurred and it is 
determined that the Affected RCA will be replaced with Similar Reference Securities, the Issuer will pay the 
sale proceeds from a sale of the Affected RCA to the Swap Counterparty and will receive from the Swap 
Counterparty an amount equal to the amount required to purchase the relevant Similar Reference Securities. 
PURCHASE OF REFERENCE SECURITIES 
Where in the description of any Charged Asset Structure there is a reference to the Issuer purchasing 
Reference Securities, the Issuer may purchase such Reference Securities in the market from third parties or 
may purchase the relevant Reference Securities from the relevant Dealer (or any affiliate of the relevant 
Dealer) or, where applicable, from the Repo Counterparty pursuant to the Repurchase Agreement. 
DEFINITIONS 
As used in the Charged Asset Structures, the following terms have the meanings set out below: 
"Aggregate Amount" means (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount where the Securities are Notes, (b) the 
Aggregate Notional Amount where the Securities are Certificates or (c) the Number of Warrants where the 
Securities are Warrants; 
"Aggregate Automatic Early Settlement Amounts" means the aggregate of the Automatic Early Settlement 
Amounts payable in respect of the relevant Securities; 
"Aggregate Final Payment Amount" means the aggregate of the Final Payment Amounts payable in respect 
of the relevant Securities; 
"Aggregate Issue Amount" means an amount equal to (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount where the 
Securities are Notes, (b) Aggregate Notional Amount where the Securities are Certificates, or (c) the Number 
of Warrants multiplied by the Issue Price thereof where the Securities are Warrants;

--- Page 232 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 232 - 
"Automatic Early Settlement" means Automatic Early Redemption where the Securities are Notes or 
Certificates or Automatic Early Expiration where the Securities are Warrants; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Amount" means Automatic Early Redemption Amount where the Securities 
are Notes or Certificates or Automatic Early Expiration Payout Amount where the Securities are Warrants; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Date" means (a) the Automatic Early Redemption Date where the Securities 
are Notes or Certificates or (b) the Automatic Early Exercise Date where the Securities are Warrants; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Deposit Payment Amount" means the proceeds received by the Issuer 
(excluding amounts payable in respect of accrued interest thereon) from the Deposit Counterparty on or 
around the Automatic Early Settlement Date; 
"Automatic Early Settlement Event" means (a) an Automatic Early Redemption Event where the Securities 
are Notes or Certificates or (b) an Automatic Early Termination Event where the Securities are Warrants;  
"Automatic Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind Proceeds" means the proceeds payable to the 
Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities following an Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind; 
"Available Proceeds" means the net proceeds of issue of the Securities which are not used to pay the 
purchase price for the Reference Securities or initial payment under the Deposit Agreement, as the case may 
be, or used to pay fees and expenses in connection with administration of the Issuer and/or the Securities; 
"Collateralisation Notional Amount" means, at any time, an amount equal to the Aggregate Issue Amount 
of the Securities left outstanding immediately following any repurchase multiplied by the Collateralisation 
Percentage of the Securities then outstanding; 
"Collateralisation Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Deposit Agreement" means, in respect of a Series of Securities, the deposit agreement entered into between 
the Issuer and the Deposit Counterparty specified in the applicable Final Terms in connection with the 
relevant Securities; 
"Deposit Balancing Payment" means where the Aggregate Final Payment Amount is less than the Final 
Deposit Payment, the payment by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty of an amount equal to the difference 
between the Final Deposit Payment and the Aggregate Final Payment Amount; 
"Early Payment Amount" means (a) the Early Redemption Amount where the Securities are Notes or 
Certificates or (b) the Early Termination Amount where the Securities are Warrants; 
"Early Payment Event" means (a) an Early Redemption Event where the Securities are Notes or Certificates 
or (b) an Early Termination Event where the Securities are Warrants; 
"Early Settlement Reference Security Unwind" means one or more of (a) the automatic early redemption 
of the Reference Securities, (b) a put of the Reference Securities at the option of the Issuer and/or (c) the sale 
of the Reference Securities, as the case may be; 
"Final Deposit Payment" means the amount payable as the final payment (excluding interest where the 
Deposit is interest bearing) by the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit Agreement; 
"Final Payment Amount" means (a) the Final Redemption Amount where the Securities are Notes or 
Certificates or (b) the Cash Settlement Amount where the Securities are Warrants; 
"Final Payment Date" means (a) the Maturity Date where the Securities are Notes, (b) the Redemption Date 
where the Securities are Certificates or (c) the Settlement Date where the Securities are Warrants;

--- Page 233 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 233 - 
"Final RCA Maturity Call Option Date" means the RCA Maturity Call Option Date in respect of which 
the Reference Securities are redeemed in full; 
"Final Repo Date" means on or around the Final Payment Date of the relevant Securities; 
"Final Repurchase Price Payment" means the Repurchase Price paid to the Issuer by the Repo Counterparty 
on the Final Repo Date excluding the amount of Accrued Interest paid as part of such Repurchase Price; 
"Initial Reference Security Purchase Date" means the date on or around the Issue Date when the Issuer is 
to purchase the Reference Securities; 
"Initial Remittance" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(h)(ii) of the Notes, Condition 9(h)(ii) of the 
Certificates or Condition 9(h(ii) of the Warrants, as applicable; 
"Initial Remittance Payment Date" means the date on or around the Issue Date when the Issuer is to pay 
the initial sum due to the Deposit Counterparty under the Deposit Agreement; 
"Initial Repo Purchase Date" means on or around the Issue Date;  
"Initial Swap Counterparty Payment" or "Initial Swap Counterparty Payment Amount" means, where 
the purchase price for the Reference Securities is greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer 
from the issue of the Securities, an amount which is sufficient to allow the Issuer to pay the Issuer Fees 
Amount and acquire, together with using the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the 
Securities, the Reference Securities; 
"Initial Swap Payment" or "Initial Swap Payment Amount" means, the Issuer Fees Amount or where the 
sum of the Issuer Fees Amount and the purchase price for the Reference Securities or the Repo Collateral 
Securities is greater than the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, an 
amount which is sufficient to allow the Issuer to pay the Issuer Fees Amount and acquire, together with using 
the net issue proceeds received by the Issuer from the issue of the Securities, the Reference Securities; 
"Initial Swap Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Swap Agreement, being the first 
date on which a payment is due under the Swap Agreement; 
"Interim Payment Amount" means an Interest Amount and/or a Premium Amount as applicable to the 
relevant Securities; 
"Issuer Fees Amount" means the amount payable by the Issuer on or around the Issue Date in respect of fees 
and expenses payable in connection with the administration of the Issuer and/or the relevant Securities; 
"Issuer Initial Swap Payment Amount" means the Available Proceeds; 
"Net Available Proceeds" means the net proceeds of issue of the Securities which are not used to pay the 
purchase price for the Reference Securities; 
"Reference Securities" means the securities specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Security Issuer" means the issuer(s) of the Reference Securities specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reference Security Unwind Date" means the date on which the Reference Securities are redeemed, sold 
or transferred in connection with an Automatic Early Settlement Event. 
"Relevant Purchase Conditions" means (a) Condition 7(i) or Condition 8(h)(ii) where the Securities are 
Notes or (b) Condition 8(a) or Condition 9(h)(ii) where the Securities are Warrants or (c) Condition 8(i) or 
Condition 9(h)(ii) where the Securities are Certificates;

--- Page 234 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 234 - 
"Relevant Reference Security Interest Payment Date" means: 
the Reference Security Interest Payment Date where the Issuer is obliged to pay the interest amount 
received on the Reference Securities on the Reference Security Interest Payment Date; or 
the immediately preceding the Reference Security Interest Payment Date where the Swap Issuer 
Interim Payment Date on which the Issuer is obliged to pay the interest amount received on the 
Reference Securities on the Reference Security Interest Payment Date falls after such Reference 
Security Interest Payment Date; 
"Replacement Cost Amount" is the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Repo Balancing Payment" means, where the Aggregate Final Payment Amount is less than the Final 
Repurchase Price, the payment by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty of an amount equal to the difference 
between the Final Repurchase Price and the Aggregate Final Payment Amount; 
"Repurchase Agreement" means, in respect of a Series of Securities, the repurchase agreement entered into 
between the Issuer and the Repo Counterparty specified in the applicable Final Terms in connection with the 
relevant Securities; 
"Repurchase Condition" means (a) Condition 8(h)(ii) where the Securities are Notes or (b) Condition 
9(h)(ii) where the Securities are Certificates or Warrants; 
"RS Balancing Payment" means, where the Aggregate Final Payment Amount is less than the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment, the payment by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty of an amount equal to the difference 
between the Scheduled Final Bond Payment and the Aggregate Final Payment Amount; 
"RS Price" means the purchase price for the Reference Securities; 
"Scheduled Final Bond Payment" means (a) where RCA Maturity Call is not applicable, the amount 
scheduled to be paid by the Reference Security Issuer(s) in respect of the nominal amount of the Reference 
Securities held by the Issuer on the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date or where there is more than one 
Reference Security, the aggregate of such amounts payable by the relevant Reference Security Issuers or (b) 
where RCA Maturity Call is applicable, (i) the amount scheduled to be paid by the Reference Security 
Issuer(s) in respect of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer on the Scheduled 
Final Bond Payment Date or where there is more than one Reference Security, the aggregate of such amounts 
payable by the relevant Reference Security Issuers or (ii) where the Final RCA Maturity Call Option Date 
falls prior to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the amount scheduled to be paid by the relevant RCA 
Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Reference Securities in respect of the nominal amount of the 
Reference Securities held by the Issuer on the Final RCA Maturity Call Option Date; 
"Security Balancing Payment" means where the Aggregate Final Payment Amount is greater than the Final 
Deposit Payment or the Scheduled Final Bond Payment, as the case may be, the payment by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer of an amount equal to the difference between the Aggregate Final Payment 
Amount and the Final Deposit Payment or Scheduled Final Bond Payment, as the case may be; 
"Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date" means the scheduled maturity date of the Reference Securities; 
"Swap Agreement" means, in respect of a Series of Securities, together, one or more derivatives transactions 
(as amended from time to time) entered into between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in connection with the relevant Securities; 
"Swap Business Days" means the days on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the cities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Business Days, and/or where TARGET

--- Page 235 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VI – CHARGED ASSET STRUCTURES 
- 235 - 
Settlement Day is specified as a Business Day in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) payment system is open;  
"Swap Issuer Interim Payment Date" means each Reference Security Interest Payment Date or the 
immediately following Business Day; and 
"Swap Issuer Final Payment Date" means the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date or the immediately 
following Business Day.

--- Page 236 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VII – COLLATERAL EXCHANGE 
STRUCTURES 
- 236 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS - PART VII – COLLATERAL EXCHANGE 
STRUCTURES 
One or more of the following descriptions of the Collateral Exchange Structures may apply to the Securities where 
a Collateral Exchange Structure is specified in the applicable Final Terms, which will also set out certain other 
information ("Variable Information") applicable to the relevant Collateral Exchange Structure (if any) as 
specified below provided that not more than one Collateral Exchange Structure may apply to any one series of 
Securities. 
No Collateral Exchange Structure shall apply where Charged Asset Structure 7 (Repurchase Agreement and Swap 
Agreement) is applicable.
1. 
COLLATERAL EXCHANGE STRUCTURE 1 – TWO WAY TRANSFER 
1.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Collateral Exchange Agreement with the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty.  
1.2 
For further details relating to the Collateral Exchange Agreement, please see "Description of the 
Charged Assets – Part V – Description of the Collateral Exchange Agreement". 
1.3 
Under the Collateral Exchange Agreement, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty may make a 
request to the Issuer for a Collateral Exchange in which case the Issuer will transfer the relevant 
Reference Securities which are the subject of the request to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty 
and the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will transfer Replacement Collateral Assets as collateral. 
1.4 
On or prior to the Scheduled Exchange End Date, where a Collateral Exchange has taken place, the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty will transfer Equivalent Securities in respect of the Reference 
Securities to the Issuer and the Issuer will transfer Equivalent Securities in respect of the 
Replacement Collateral Assets to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty. 
1.5 
Where a Collateral Exchange has taken place, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will pay 
amounts equal to any amounts of interest it receives in respect of the Reference Securities which 
have been the subject of such Collateral Exchange (net of any withholding or deduction on account 
of any applicable taxes, where Counterparty Net Payments is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) to the Issuer and the Issuer will pay amounts equal to any amounts of interest it receives 
in respect of the relevant Replacement Collateral Assets (net of any withholding or deduction on 
account of any applicable taxes) to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty. 
1.6 
Under the Collateral Exchange Agreement, the Value of the Received Collateral which is the subject 
of the then current Exchange Transaction will be determined by the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty on each Exchange Transaction Valuation Date. If on any Exchange Transaction 
Valuation Date the Issuer has a Net Exposure to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty exceeding 
the Minimum Transfer Amount, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will transfer further 
Replacement Collateral Assets with a Value at least equal to such Net Exposure to the Issuer as 
margin on or prior to the Margin Delivery Date; if on any Exchange Transaction Valuation Date, the 
Value of the Replacement Collateral Assets is greater than the Value of the Received Collateral by 
an amount equal to or greater than the Minimum Transfer Amount, then the Issuer will transfer an 
amount of Equivalent Securities in respect of the Replacement Collateral Assets with a Value equal 
to such excess to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty upon request by the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty.

--- Page 237 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VII – COLLATERAL EXCHANGE 
STRUCTURES 
- 237 - 
2. 
COLLATERAL EXCHANGE STRUCTURE 2 – ONE WAY TRANSFER SECURITIES LENDING
2.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Collateral Exchange Agreement with the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty.  
2.2 
For further details relating to the Collateral Exchange Agreement, please see "Description of the 
Charged Assets – Part V – Description of the Collateral Exchange Agreement". 
2.3 
Under the Collateral Exchange Agreement, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty may make a 
request to the Issuer for a Collateral Exchange in which case the Issuer will transfer the relevant 
Reference Securities which are the subject of the request to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty. 
2.4 
On or prior to the Scheduled Exchange End Date, where a Collateral Exchange has taken place, the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty will transfer Equivalent Securities in respect of the Reference 
Securities to the Issuer. 
2.5 
Where a Collateral Exchange has taken place, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will pay 
amounts equal to any amounts of interest it receives in respect of the Reference Securities which 
have been the subject of such Collateral Exchange (net of any withholding or deduction on account 
of any applicable taxes, where Counterparty Net Payments is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms) to the Issuer. 
3. 
COLLATERAL EXCHANGE STRUCTURE 3 – TRIPARTY TRANSFER
3.1 
On or before the Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into the Collateral Exchange Agreement with the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty and the Issuer and the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will 
enter into the Triparty Agreement with the Triparty Services Agent.  
3.2 
For further details relating to the Collateral Exchange Agreement, please see "Description of the 
Charged Assets – Part V – Description of the Collateral Exchange Agreement". 
3.3 
Under the Collateral Exchange Agreement, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty may make a 
request to the Issuer for a Collateral Exchange in which case the Issuer will procure the transfer of 
the relevant Reference Securities which are the subject of the request to the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty and the Triparty Services Agent, on behalf of the Collateral Exchange Counterparty, 
will transfer Replacement Collateral Assets to the Issuer as collateral. 
3.4 
On or prior to the Scheduled Exchange End Date, where a Collateral Exchange has taken place, the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty, will transfer Equivalent Securities in respect of the Reference 
Securities which were are the subject of a Collateral Exchange to the Issuer and, the Issuer, or the 
Triparty Services Agent on the Issuer's behalf, will transfer Equivalent Securities in respect of the 
Replacement Collateral Assets to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty. 
3.5 
Where a Collateral Exchange has taken place, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will procure 
that amounts of interest received by the Collateral Exchange Counterparty in respect of the 
Reference Securities which have been the subject of such Collateral Exchange are paid to the Issuer 
(net of any withholding or deduction on account of any applicable taxes, where Counterparty Net 
Payments is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) and the Issuer will procure that 
amounts of interest received by the Issuer in respect of the Replacement Collateral Assets which 
have been received by the Issuer in connection with such Collateral Exchange are paid to the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty (net of any withholding or deduction on account of any applicable 
taxes).

--- Page 238 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VII – COLLATERAL EXCHANGE 
STRUCTURES 
- 238 - 
3.6 
Under the Collateral Exchange Agreement, the Value of the Received Collateral which is the subject 
of the then current Exchange Transaction will be determined by the Triparty Services Agent on each 
Exchange Transaction Valuation Date. If on any Exchange Transaction Valuation Date the Issuer 
has a Net Exposure to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty exceeding the Minimum Transfer 
Amount, the Triparty Services Agent will on behalf of the Collateral Exchange Counterparty transfer 
further Replacement Collateral Assets with a Value at least equal to such Net Exposure to the Issuer 
as margin on or prior to the Margin Delivery Date; if on any Exchange Transaction Valuation Date, 
the Value of the Replacement Collateral Assets is greater than the Value of the Received Collateral 
by an amount equal to or greater than the Minimum Transfer Amount, then the Triparty Services 
Agent, on behalf of the Issuer transfer an amount of Equivalent Securities in respect of the 
Replacement Collateral Assets with a Value equal to such excess to the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty. 
For this purpose, the Issuer has a "Net Exposure" to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty if the 
Exchange Value exceeds the Exchange Margin Calculation Value of the Replacement Collateral 
Assets which are the subject of the then current Exchange Transaction already transferred to the 
Issuer by the Collateral Exchange Counterparty.  
4. 
DEFINITIONS/VARIABLE INFORMATION
As used in the Collateral Exchange Structures, the following terms have the meanings set out below: 
"Exchange Margin Calculation Value" means the sum of (i) the Margin Calculation Value of the 
Replacement Collateral Assets which are the subject of the then current Exchange Transaction 
already transferred to the Issuer by the Collateral Exchange Counterparty and (ii) such other amounts 
(if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Exchange Transaction Valuation Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
"Exchange Value" means the sum of (i) Value of the Received Collateral which is the subject of 
the then current Exchange Transaction and (ii) such other amounts (if any) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Margin Calculation Value" means the Value multiplied by the Over Collateralisation Level. 
"Margin Delivery Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Minimum Transfer Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Over Collateralisation Level" means the percentage or amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.  If no Over Collateralisation Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Over Collateralisation Level shall be equal to 100 per cent. 
"Replacement Collateral Assets" means the securities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Scheduled Exchange End Date" means  the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date (or where there 
is more than one Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the latest Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
Date) or the Call Exercise Date if Issuer Call Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and a Call Event occurs. 
"Value" means in respect of any security, the market value of such security, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 239 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VIII – CREDIT SUPPORT STRUCTURES 
- 239 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS - PART VIII – CREDIT SUPPORT STRUCTURES 
CREDIT SUPPORT STRUCTURE 1 
1. 
General 
1.1 
The Swap Counterparty and the Issuer will enter into a Credit Support Deed with respect to the Swap 
Agreement. 
1.2 
For further details relating to collateralisation under the Swap Agreement, please see "Description 
of the Charged Assets – Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement - Collateralisation". 
2. 
Credit Support 
Under the Credit Support Deed the Swap Counterparty will post collateral for its obligations under 
the Swap Agreement and grant English law governed security over such collateral in favour of the 
Issuer.  The Issuer will assign its rights under the Credit Support Deed by way of security in favour 
of the Trustee. However the Collateral does not constitute Charged Assets and is not owned by the 
Issuer.  The Swap Counterparty Collateral (as defined below) will be held by BNP Paribas Securities 
Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the Merger Date, will be substituted with 
BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) on behalf of the Issuer as custodian in a segregated 
account in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Deed.  As soon as practicable following 
the date on which the intragroup merger between BNPP and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA 
takes effect (being 1 October 2022 or such other date notified to Holders of Securities in accordance 
with the Conditions), the Swap Counterparty Collateral will be transferred to a segregated account 
of BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg and held on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the 
terms of the Credit Support Deed. 
3. 
Collateral 
3.1 
Under the Credit Support Deed the Swap Counterparty will post Swap Counterparty Collateral in 
respect of its obligations under the Swap Agreement.  The "Swap Counterparty Collateral" in 
respect of a Swap Agreement will be those assets specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.2 
The amount of Swap Counterparty Collateral posted by the Swap Counterparty will be adjusted on 
each Swap Agreement Valuation Date so that it is equal in value, (as multiplied by the valuation 
percentage applicable to relevant item of collateral), as determined by the Credit Support Valuation 
Agent acting in its sole and absolute discretion, to the product of the Support Percentage and the 
MtM Value of the Swap Agreement on such Swap Agreement Valuation Date.  Where a Minimum 
Transfer Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any adjustments to the amount of Swap 
Counterparty Collateral will only take place where such adjustment would exceed the relevant 
Minimum Transfer Amount.  Where a Non-Posting Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Swap Counterparty will not post any collateral for the relevant period and the security over the 
Swap Counterparty Collateral will be released and the Swap Counterparty Collateral will be returned 
to the Swap Counterparty. 
CREDIT SUPPORT STRUCTURE 2 
1. 
General 
1.1 
The Swap Counterparty and the Issuer will enter into a Credit Support Annex with respect to the 
Swap Agreement.

--- Page 240 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VIII – CREDIT SUPPORT STRUCTURES 
- 240 - 
1.2 
For further details relating to collateralisation under the Swap Agreement, please see "Description 
of the Charged Assets – Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement - Collateralisation". 
2. 
Credit support 
Under the Credit Support Annex the Swap Counterparty will transfer collateral for its obligations 
under the Swap Agreement to the Issuer.  The Issuer will assign its rights under the Credit Support 
Annex by way of security in favour of the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty Collateral will 
constitute Charged Assets.  The Swap Counterparty Collateral will be held by the Custodian on 
behalf of the Issuer. 
3. 
Collateral 
3.1 
Under the Credit Support Annex the Swap Counterparty will transfer collateral in respect of its 
obligations under the Swap Agreement.  The "Swap Counterparty Collateral" in respect of a Swap 
Agreement will be those assets specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.2 
The amount of Swap Counterparty Collateral posted by the Swap Counterparty will be adjusted on 
each Swap Agreement Valuation Date so that it is equal in value, (as multiplied by the valuation 
percentage applicable to relevant item of collateral), as determined by the Credit Support Valuation 
Agent acting in its sole and absolute discretion, to the product of the Support Percentage and the 
MtM Value of the Swap Agreement on such Swap Agreement Valuation Date.  Where a Minimum 
Transfer Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, any adjustments to the amount of Swap 
Counterparty Collateral will only take place where such adjustment would exceed the relevant 
Minimum Transfer Amount.  Where a Non-Posting Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Swap Counterparty will not transfer any Swap Counterparty Collateral for the relevant period 
and the Issuer will transfer securities equivalent to the Swap Counterparty Collateral previously 
transferred to it by the Swap Counterparty to the Swap Counterparty. 
CREDIT SUPPORT STRUCTURE 3 
1. 
General 
1.1 
The Swap Counterparty and the Issuer will enter into a Credit Support Annex with respect to the 
Swap Agreement. 
1.2 
For further details relating to collateralisation under the Swap Agreement, please see "Description 
of the Charged Assets – Part II – Description of the Swap Agreement - Collateralisation". 
2. 
Credit Support 
Under the Credit Support Annex the Swap Counterparty will transfer collateral for its obligations 
under the Swap Agreement to the Issuer and the Issuer will transfer collateral for its obligations 
under the Swap Agreement to the Swap Counterparty.  The Issuer will assign its rights under the 
Credit Support Annex by way of security in favour of the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty 
Collateral will constitute Charged Assets.  The Swap Counterparty Collateral will be held by the 
Custodian. 
3. 
Collateral 
3.1 
Under the Credit Support Annex the Swap Counterparty will transfer Swap Counterparty Collateral 
in respect of its obligations under the Swap Agreement.  The "Swap Counterparty Collateral" in 
respect of a Swap Agreement will be those assets specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 241 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VIII – CREDIT SUPPORT STRUCTURES 
- 241 - 
3.2 
Under the Credit Support Annex the Issuer will transfer Reference Securities to the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of its obligations under the Swap Agreement (the "Issuer Posted 
Collateral"). 
3.3 
The amount of Swap Counterparty Collateral transferred by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer or 
by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty will be adjusted on each Swap Agreement Valuation Date so 
that it is equal in value (as multiplied by the valuation percentage applicable to relevant item of 
collateral), as determined by the Credit Support Valuation Agent acting in its sole and absolute 
discretion, to the product of the Support Percentage and the MtM Value of the Swap Agreement on 
such Swap Agreement Valuation Date. Where Scheduled Cashflow Valuation is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the MtM Value of the Swap Agreement will be determined based on the 
scheduled cashflows under the Swap Agreement, without reference to any credit or other risk in 
relation to the Reference Security Issuer.  Where a Minimum Transfer Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, any adjustments to the amount of Swap Counterparty Collateral will only 
take place where such adjustment would exceed the relevant Minimum Transfer Amount. 
3.4 
The Issuer will not be required to transfer at any time in aggregate a principal amount of the 
Reference Securities which is greater than the then Aggregate Amount of the Securities as Issuer 
Posted Collateral under the Credit Support Annex.  Where a Minimum Transfer Amount is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, any adjustments to the amount of Issuer Posted Collateral will only 
take place where such adjustment would exceed the relevant Minimum Transfer Amount. 
3.5 
Where a Collateral Exchange Structure is also applicable to the relevant series of Securities and the 
Issuer has transferred Reference Securities to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty, the Issuer will 
not be required to transfer at any time as Issuer Posted Collateral under the Credit Support Annex in 
aggregate a nominal amount of the Reference Securities which is greater than the then Aggregate 
Amount of the Securities less the nominal amount of Reference Securities which has been transferred 
to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty. 
3.6 
Where a Non-Posting Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Swap 
Counterparty, the Swap Counterparty will not post any Swap Counterparty Collateral for the relevant 
period and the Issuer will transfer securities equivalent to the Swap Counterparty Collateral 
previously transferred by the Swap Counterparty to the Swap Counterparty. Where a Non-Posting 
Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the Issuer, the Issuer will not post any 
Issuer Posted Collateral for the relevant period and the Swap Counterparty will transfer Equivalent 
Issuer Posted Collateral to the Issuer 
CREDIT SUPPORT STRUCTURE 4 
This Credit Support Structure shall only be applicable if specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
if Charged Asset Structure 7 (Repurchase Agreement and Swap Agreement) is specified as applicable. 
Under the Repurchase Agreement, the Value of the Repo Collateral Securities which are the subject of the 
then current Transaction will be determined by the Repo Calculation Agent on each Repo Transaction 
Valuation Date. If on any Repo Transaction Valuation Date the Issuer has a Net Exposure to the Repo 
Counterparty exceeding the Minimum Transfer Amount, the Repo Counterparty will transfer further Repo 
Collateral Securities with a Value at least equal to such Net Exposure with the Issuer as margin on or prior 
to the Margin Delivery Date; if on any Repo Transaction Valuation Date, the Value of the Repo Collateral 
Securities is greater than the Repurchase Price by an amount equal to or greater than the Minimum Transfer 
Amount, then the Issuer will transfer an amount of Repo Collateral Securities with a Value equal to such 
excess to the Repo Counterparty upon request by the Repo Counterparty. 
For this purpose, the Issuer has a "Net Exposure" to the Repo Counterparty if the Repurchase Price exceeds 
the Margin Calculation Value of the Repo Collateral Securities which are the subject of the then current 
Transaction already transferred to the Issuer by the Repo Counterparty.

--- Page 242 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART VIII – CREDIT SUPPORT STRUCTURES 
- 242 - 
DEFINITIONS 
As used in the Credit Support Structures, the following terms have the meanings set out below: 
"Credit Support Valuation Agent" means party specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Margin Calculation Value" means the Value multiplied by the Over Collateralisation Level. 
"Margin Delivery Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Minimum Transfer Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Over Collateralisation Level" means the percentage or amount specified as such in the applicable Final 
terms.  If no Over Collateralisation Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Over 
Collateralisation Level shall be equal to 100 per cent. 
"Repo Transaction Valuation Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Support Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If no Support 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Support Percentage shall be equal to 100 
per cent. 
"Swap Agreement Valuation Date" means the date or dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Value" means the market value or such other value specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 243 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART IX – ELIGIBLE BNP PARIBAS FORTIS 
COLLATERAL SECURITIES 
- 243 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART IX – ELIGIBLE BNP PARIBAS FORTIS 
COLLATERAL SECURITIES 
Where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, debt obligations of BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV ("BNP 
Paribas Fortis") which are Eligible BNP Paribas Fortis Collateral Securities may constitute Reference 
Securities. 
"Eligible BNP Paribas Fortis Collateral Securities" means securities to be issued by BNP Paribas Fortis 
which have the following terms and conditions: 
1. 
Status: They are notes (referred to herein as "BNPPF Securities") issued on a senior basis which 
constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured and general obligations of BNP 
Paribas Fortis and will rank pari passu (subject to mandatory preferred debts under applicable laws) 
without preference among themselves and at least equally and rateably with all other present and 
future outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations including guarantees and other 
obligations of a similar nature of BNP Paribas Fortis; 
2. 
Events of default: The terms of such BNPPF Securities contain, amongst others, the following 
events of default:  
(a)
default in payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the BNPPF Securities, 
continuing for a period of 30 days;  
(b)
default arising from the non-performance or non-observance by BNP Paribas Fortis of any 
other obligation, condition or other provision under the BNPPF Securities which is not cured 
within 45 days of a notice from any holder of the BNPPF Securities requiring remedy; 
(c)
default by BNP Paribas Fortis in the payment of the principal of, or premium or prepayment 
charge (if any) or interest on, any other loan indebtedness of or assumed or guaranteed by 
BNP Paribas Fortis (which indebtedness has an aggregate principal amount of at least EUR 
50,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), when and as the same shall 
become due and payable (as a result of maturity or acceleration of maturity), if, other than in 
the case of acceleration of maturity, such default shall continue for more than the applicable 
period of grace and the time for payment of such interest or principal has not been effectively 
extended; 
(d)
events relating to the dissolution, insolvency or winding up of BNP Paribas Fortis except as 
a result of a permitted reorganisation pursuant to the terms and conditions of the BNPPF 
Securities; or 
(e)
it becomes unlawful for BNP Paribas Fortis to perform any of its obligations under the BNPPF 
Securities. 
Following the occurrence of any such event of default, any holder of a such a BNPPF Security may 
give notice that such BNPPF Security is immediately repayable whereupon the early redemption 
amount calculated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the BNPPF Securities, together (if 
applicable) with accrued interest to the date of repayment, will become immediately due and payable. 
3. 
Interest: the BNPPF Securities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either (a) will bear 
interest at a fixed rate or (b) do not bear interest and are zero coupon securities. 
4. 
Redemption: the BNPPF Securities, provided they are not subject to early redemption, will redeem 
at par on the date specified for their scheduled redemption in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
adjustment for non-business days in accordance with the terms of the BNPPF Securities.

--- Page 244 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED ASSETS – PART IX – ELIGIBLE BNP PARIBAS FORTIS 
COLLATERAL SECURITIES 
- 244 - 
5. 
Early redemption: the BNPPF Securities may be redeemed early due to illegality or a force majeure 
at the early redemption amount calculated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the BNPPF 
Securities. 
6. 
Currency: the BNPPF Securities may be denominated in any of the following currencies (each an 
"Eligible BNP Paribas Fortis Collateral Currency"): Euros ("EUR"), US Dollars, ("USD"), 
Australian Dollars ("AUD"), Canadian Dollars ("CAD"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), Danish Kroner 
("DKK"), Great British Pounds ("GBP"), Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), New 
Zealand Dollars ("NZD") or Swedish Kronor ("SEK"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Governing law: the BNPPF Securities are governed by English law, save for the provisions relating 
to BNPPF Securities issued in dematerialised form and the provisions relating to meetings of holders 
of the BNPPF Securities, which will be governed, in each case, by Belgian law.

--- Page 245 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
- 245 - 
FORM OF NOTES 
Each Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) of Notes will be either Bearer Notes (with or without interest 
coupons attached) issued outside the United States only in reliance on the exemption from registration 
provided by Regulation S or Registered Notes (without interest coupons attached) issued outside the United 
States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S. 
As part of the initial distribution of the Notes of each series, such Notes may not be purchased by any person 
except for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, or "Risk Retention 
U.S. Persons" except to the extent permitted under an exemption to the U.S. Risk Retention Rules as 
described under "Risk Factors" at page 64 and under "Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions" at page 
1342.  "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) implementing the risk 
retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Prospective 
investors should note that, although the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules is very 
similar to the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S, there are substantial differences between the two 
definitions and that persons who are not "U.S. persons" under Regulation S may be "U.S. persons" under the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Bearer Notes  
Each Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) of Bearer Notes will be initially issued in the form of a 
temporary global Note or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global Note which, in 
either case, will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Series (and/or Tranche, as the case 
may be) to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear"). 
Bearer Global Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") will only be transferable in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be. 
U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules substantially identical thereto 
(the "TEFRA D Rules") will apply to the Bearer Notes unless the Bearer Notes do not have a maturity of 
more than 365 days. 
Registered Notes  
The Registered Notes of each Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) offered and sold in reliance on 
Regulation S, which will be sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States, will initially be represented 
by a Regulation S Global Note (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"). Beneficial interests in a 
Regulation S Global Note may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and 
may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global 
Note will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer.   
Registered Global Notes in the form of Regulation S Global Notes will be deposited with a Common 
Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons 
holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under 
the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Registered Notes (as defined 
in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes").   
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the register kept by the Registrar as the 
registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, BNP Paribas or its affiliates, the 
Trustee, the Dealer, the Guarantor (if applicable), or any Agent will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership

--- Page 246 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
- 246 - 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests.   
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of Definitive Registered Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Notes Condition 6 (Payments)) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the 
manner provided in that Condition.  
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable restrictions, be 
transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global Note.  No beneficial 
owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance 
with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership  
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a temporary global Note, any amounts payable in respect of the 
Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made outside of the United States against 
presentation of the temporary global Note only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any U.S. person ("Certification"), as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, (i) has 
been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent or, (ii) in the case of a temporary global Note held otherwise than on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, from the holder thereof.   
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after the temporary global Note is issued, 
interests in such temporary global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described 
therein either for, as applicable, (i) interests in a permanent global Note or (ii) Definitive Bearer Notes of the 
same Series with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
permanent global Note), in accordance with the terms of the temporary global Note against Certification as 
to beneficial ownership as described above and as required by U.S. Treasury regulations unless such 
Certification has already been given pursuant to the provisions set forth above.  Exchange of a temporary 
global Note for interests in a permanent global Note will only be made if Definitive Bearer Notes have not 
already been issued.  If Definitive Bearer Notes have already been issued, the temporary global Note may 
only thereafter be exchanged for Definitive Bearer Notes pursuant to the terms thereof.  The holder of a 
temporary global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due 
on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due Certification, exchange of the temporary global Note for an 
interest in a permanent global Note or, in the case of Bearer Notes, for Definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused.   
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a permanent global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, to or to the order of the holder thereof against 
presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the permanent global Note without any requirement for 
Certification.   
All payments, including in respect of interest and principal and whether at maturity or otherwise, will be 
payable only outside of the United States. 
Subject to requirements existing at the time of issue, the following legend will appear on all temporary global 
Notes, permanent global Notes and definitive Notes which have an original maturity of more than 365 days 
and on all receipts, interest coupons and talons relating to such Notes: 
"Any United States person (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of the United States) who holds this 
obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws including the limitations 
provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code".

--- Page 247 ---
FORM OF NOTES 
- 247 - 
U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules substantially identical thereto 
(the "TEFRA D Rules") will apply to the Bearer Notes unless the Bearer Notes do not have a maturity of 
more than 365 days.    
Exchange upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event or otherwise 
The applicable Final Terms with respect to any Notes issued in global form will specify whether the relevant 
permanent global Note or Registered Global Note (as applicable) will be exchangeable (free of charge), in 
whole but not in part, for Definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
attached, or, as the case may be, Definitive Registered Notes, upon not less than 60 days' written notice to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent from or on behalf of, as the case may be, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in the permanent global Note or Registered 
Global Note, as described therein (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) (a "Holder 
Exchange Event") or, in the case of a permanent global Note, if such Note is held otherwise than on behalf 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the bearer thereof, in the event of the occurrence of any of the 
circumstances described in (i), (ii), or (iii) or (iv) below (each, an "Exchange Event") or by the Issuer in the 
event of the occurrence of the circumstances described in (iii) below: (i), if applicable, an Event of Default 
(as defined in Condition 11 of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") has occurred and is continuing; (ii) 
in the case of a permanent global Note or a Registered Global Note registered in the name of a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or announce an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available; (iii) in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to the laws of a relevant jurisdiction, upon the Issuer’s request where 
issuance of definitive notes would be adverse to the Issuer but for the issuance of physical securities in bearer 
form; or (iv) in the case of Registered Notes, the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax 
consequences which would not be suffered were such Registered Notes represented by a Registered 
Definitive Note.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (see
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes") if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an 
interest in such global Note or Registered Global Note) may give notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent or, 
as the case may be, the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event as described in (iv) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Registrar.   
In respect of any Series of Notes, the Holder Exchange Event shall not apply unless the applicable Final 
Terms provide that such Notes are issued and tradeable only in amounts equal to the minimum Denomination 
or integral multiples of the minimum denomination (or if more than one, the lowest Denomination). 
Clearing Systems  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the Issuer, the relevant Dealer and the Issuing and Paying 
Agent.

--- Page 248 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 248 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series (and/or Tranche, as the 
case may be) of Notes issued under the Programme.  Placeholders are included as an aid to review and the 
Final Terms relating to any Series of Notes will be completed with such information from the Base Prospectus 
(including the Terms and Conditions) as is applicable to such Notes. References in the Base Prospectus 
(including in the applicable Terms and Conditions) to "the Securities" shall when replicated in these Final 
Terms be replaced with references to the Notes.  
[The [Base Prospectus [is valid to, and including, 22 September 2023 [and the] Issuer intends that the 
Base Prospectus [will be updated before expiry of its validity]/[will be updated on or around [●]] and, 
when approved, the updated Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]1
[Date] 
SecurAsset S.A. 
acting through its Compartment [●] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 54930048RHLTJXAMT751 
Issue of [up to] [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Series/Tranche] [Title of Notes] [Guaranteed by 
[BNP Paribas] on the terms set out herein] under its Secured Note, Warrant and Certificate 
Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under 
the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in the Base Prospectus dated 22 September 2022 (the "Base 
Prospectus")[[,][ and] the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]2] and any[ further] supplements 
to the Base Prospectus published prior to the Issue Date (as defined below) (the "Supplement(s)")[ which 
together constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation [and the applicable rules 
and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]]3.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") 4 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus[ (which includes the provisions of 
[Annex 1] [and] [Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Notes,] [Annex 3 in the case of Share Linked Notes,] 
[Annex 4 in the case of Debt Linked Notes,] [Annex 5 in the case of Commodity Linked Notes,] [Annex 6 
in the case of Inflation Linked Notes,] [Annex 7 in the case of Currency Linked Notes,] [Annex 8 in the case 
of Fund Linked Notes,] [Annex 9 in the case of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes,] [Annex 10 in the 
case of Credit Linked Notes,] [Annex 11 in the case of ETI Linked Notes])] [and] [Annex 12 in the case of 
Notional Value Repack Securities] 5 and any Supplement(s); provided, however, that to the extent any such 
supplement (i) is published after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the 
Conditions as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" in the Base Prospectus, such 
change(s) shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Notes to which these Final Terms relate.  
Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor (if applicable)] and the offer of the Notes is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s).  Prior to 
acquiring an interest in the Notes described herein, prospective investors should read and understand the 
1
Please note that if, for any reason, the 2023 Base Prospectus is not approved, the offer period for such issues must cease upon the 
expiry of the validity of the 2022 Base Prospectus.  
2
Where applicable, include the date of any Supplements which have been published prior to the date of the Final Terms. 
3
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Notes. 
4
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Notes. 
5
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 249 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 249 - 
information provided in the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s).  Copies of the Base Prospectus, any 
Supplement(s) and these Final Terms are available for inspection from the specified office of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent [and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)]7[ and [●]]. [A 
summary of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]8
N.B  When using a post-1 July 2012 approved Base Prospectus to tap a previous issue under a previously 
approved Base Prospectus, the final terms in the post-1 July 2012 Base Prospectus may (and will if the 
previous issue was contemplated under a pre-1 July 2012 Base Prospectus) take a different form to the final 
terms used for the original issue being tapped.  The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be 
reviewed to ensure that they would not require the final terms documenting the further issue to include 
information which is no longer permitted in final terms.  Where the final terms documenting the further issue 
would need to include such information, it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown 
prospectus (incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared. 
[The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Notes where the public offer period spans 
an update to the Base Prospectus. If relevant, the 2023 Base Prospectus will contain a list of offers for which 
the provisions of the paragraph below apply. Investors will be informed of their withdrawal rights in respect 
of such offers by notice when the 2023 Base Prospectus is published.]9
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 22 September 2022 (the "2022 Base Prospectus")[[,][ 
and] the supplement[s] to the 2022 Base Prospectus dated [●]] and any [further] supplements to the 2022 
Base Prospectus published prior to the Issue Date (as defined below) (the "Supplement(s)"), notwithstanding 
the approval of an updated base prospectus which will replace the 2022 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base 
Prospectus").  The 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") [and the applicable rules and regulations of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and the 2022 Base Prospectus will constitute a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation[ and the applicable rules and regulations of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and (i) prior to the approval date, must be read in conjunction with the 
2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented [(which includes the provisions of [Annex 1] [and] [Annex 2 in the 
case of Index Linked Notes,] [Annex 3 in the case of Share Linked Notes,] [Annex 4 in the case of Debt 
Linked Notes,] [Annex 5 in the case of Commodity Linked Notes,] [Annex 6 in the case of Inflation Linked 
Notes,] [Annex 7 in the case of Currency Linked Notes,] [Annex 8 in the case of Fund Linked Notes,] [Annex 
9 in the case of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes,] [Annex 10 in the case of Credit Linked Notes,] 
[Annex 11 in the case of ETI Linked Notes)] and [Annex 12 in the case of Notional Value Repack 
Securities]10, and (ii) on and after the approval date, must be read in conjunction with the 2023 Base 
Prospectus, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the 2022 Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented.  To the extent any supplement (i) is published after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) 
provides for any change to the Conditions as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
in the 2022 Base Prospectus, such change(s) shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Notes 
to which these Final Terms relate.  Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor (if applicable)] and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and either (i) prior 
to the approval date, the 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, or (ii) on or after the approval date, the 
2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, and the 2023 Base Prospectus.  Prior to acquiring an interest in the 
Notes described herein, prospective investors should read and understand the information provided in the 
6
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Notes or amend as necessary in the case of any issue of Notes which is non-
exempt and which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
7
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Notes or amend as necessary in the case of any issue of Notes which is non-
exempt and which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
8
Only include this wording for Notes with a denomination of lower than EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in another currency). 
9
Please note that if, for any reason, the 2023 Base Prospectus is not approved, the offer period for such issues must cease upon the 
expiry of the validity of the 2022 Base Prospectus.  
10
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 250 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 250 - 
2022 Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s) and, when available, the 2023 Base Prospectus.  Copies of the 
2022 Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and these Final Terms are available, and copies of the 2023 Base 
Prospectus, will be available for inspection from the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent [and 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)[ and [●]]. [A summary 
of the Notes  is annexed to these Final Terms.]11
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
(i)
Series Number: 
[specify] 
(ii)
Tranche Number: 
[specify] 
[The Notes are to be consolidated and form a single series 
with the [insert title of relevant series of Securities] issued 
on [insert issue date]. 
[The Notes are to be consolidated and form a single series  
with [insert title of relevant series of Notes] issued on [insert 
issue date], the terms and conditions of which are governed 
by [the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 27 November 
2013 (the "2013 Base Prospectus")][and the supplement to 
the 2013 Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2014 (the "April 
2014 Supplement")][the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 
27 November 2014 (the "2014 Base Prospectus")][and the 
supplement to the 2014 Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2015 
(the "June 2015 Supplement")][the SecurAsset base 
prospectus dated 27 November 2015 (the "2015 Base 
Prospectus")] [and the supplement to the 2015 Base 
Prospectus dated 27 May 2016 (the "May 2016 
Supplement")][the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 28 
September 2016 (the "2016 Base Prospectus")] [and the 
supplement to the 2016 Base Prospectus dated 1 March 2017 
(the "March 2017 Supplement")] [the SecurAsset base 
prospectus dated 26 September 2017 (the "2017 Base 
Prospectus")] [and the supplement to the 2017 Base 
Prospectus dated 25 May 2018 (the "May 2018 
Supplement")] [the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 7 
August 2018 (the "2018 Base Prospectus")][the SecurAsset 
base prospectus dated 3 July 2019 (the "2019 Base 
Prospectus")][the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 10 July 
2020 (the "2020 Base Prospectus")][the SecurAsset base 
prospectus dated 9 July 2021 (the "2021 Base 
Prospectus")]. The Notes [became][will become] fungible 
on [insert date].] 
(iii)
Type of Notes: 
The provisions of Annex 1 [and] [the provisions of Annex 2 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [The provisions of Annex 3

--- Page 251 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 251 - 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [The provisions of Annex 4 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Linked 
Securities) shall apply.][The provisions of Annex 5 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked 
Securities) shall apply][The provisions of Annex 6 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [The provisions of Annex 7 
(Additional terms and Conditions for Currency Linked 
Securities) shall apply.][The provisions of Annex 8 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked 
Securities) shall apply.][The provisions of Annex 9 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest 
Rate Linked Securities) shall apply.][The provisions of 
Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Securities) shall apply.] [The provisions of Annex 
11 (Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [The provisions of Annex 12 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value 
Repack Securities) shall apply]. 
2.
[(i)] 
Guaranteed Notes: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable – General Guarantee] 
[Applicable – Shortfall Guarantee (specify shortfall 
amount)]  
[(ii)] 
Guarantor: 
[BNP Paribas] 
3.
(i)
Specified Currency: 
[specify] 
(ii)
Settlement Currency: 
[specify] 
(iii)
[Specified Exchange Rate: 
[specify set exchange rate]/[Not applicable] 
(N.B. Specified Exchange Rate should be completed if the 
exchange rate is set up-front). 
(iv)
Settlement Currency 
Exchange Rate: 
[Not applicable]/[the exchange rate at [specify time], 
expressed as the amount of [specify currency] for which one 
[specify currency unit] may be exchanged by reference to 
[specify source] (or any successor [page] thereto, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent)]/[the exchange rate 
obtained by multiplying (i) [specify first exchange rate] and 
(ii) [specify second exchange rate], with [specify first 
exchange rate] expressed as the amount of [specify 
currency] for which one [specify currency] may be 
exchanged determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to [specify source] (or any successor [page] 
thereto, as determined by the Calculation Agent) at [specify 
time] and [specify second exchange rate] expressed as the 
amount of [specify currency] for which one [specify 
currency] may be exchanged determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to [specify source] (or any successor 
[page] thereto, as determined by the Calculation Agent) at

--- Page 252 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 252 - 
[specify time]] 
(v)
Settlement Currency 
Exchange Rate Observation 
Date: 
[●] Business Days (Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Provisions not required and can be deleted if the Specified 
Currency and the Settlement Currency are the same). 
(vi)
Reference Jurisdiction: 
(vii)
[FX Settlement Disruption 
Event Determination 
[specify]] 
[Applicable]] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(i)
Series: 
[specify] [An amount not greater than [specify] which will 
be notified to the Issuer by [specify] on or around [specify]] 
(ii)
Tranche: 
[specify] 
5.
Issue Price of Tranche: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
applicable Tranche [plus accrued interest from [insert date] 
(in the case of fungible issues only if applicable)][which 
will be payable in the Settlement Currency at the Settlement 
Currency equivalent of such amount determined by 
reference to the Initial FX Rate.  
Where: 
"Initial FX Rate" means [specify]/ [the exchange rate at 
[specify time] on the [[●] Business Day prior to the Issue 
Date], expressed as the amount of [specify currency] for 
which one [specify currency] may be exchanged determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to [specify source] 
(or any successor [page] thereto, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent), provided that if such source is not 
available, any such rate of exchange may be determined by 
the Calculation Agent [by reference to such sources as it 
considers in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner to be appropriate and] acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner]/[the exchange rate 
obtained by multiplying (i) [specify first exchange rate] and 
(ii) [specify second exchange rate], with [specify first 
exchange rate] expressed as the amount of [specify 
currency] for which one [specify currency] may be 
exchanged determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to [specify source] (or any successor [page] 
thereto, as determined by the Calculation Agent) at [specify 
date/time] and [specify second exchange rate] expressed as 
the amount of [specify currency] for which one [specify 
currency] may be exchanged determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to [specify source] (or any successor 
[page] thereto, as determined by the Calculation Agent) at 
[specify date/time] provided that if any such source is not 
available, any such rate of exchange may be determined by 
the Calculation Agent [by reference to such sources as it 
considers in good faith and in a commercially reasonable

--- Page 253 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 253 - 
manner to be appropriate] and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.] 
6.
Minimum Trading Size: 
[specify] 
7.
(i)
Specified Denominations: 
[specify]  
(N.B. Notes to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) in order to 
benefit from the wholesale exemption set out in Article 
1.4(c) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State.) 
(Note – where multiple denominations above [€100,000] or 
equivalent are being used the following sample wording 
should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].") 
(ii)
Calculation 
Amount 
(Applicable to Notes in 
definitive form): 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If more than one denomination, insert the highest common 
factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.)
8.
[(i)] 
[Issue Date:] 
[specify] 
[(ii)] 
[Interest Commencement 
Date:]
[Specify date]/[The Issue Date] 
9.
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date] [(the "Scheduled Maturity Date")] [Open 
End]12
Business 
Day 
Convention 
for 
Maturity 
Date: 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding/None/Not 
applicable] 
[Maturity Date Postponement: [Applicable as set out in 
Condition 7(h)/Not applicable] (Where applicable, specify 
relevant Postponement Business Days and Payment Delay 
Days) 
10.
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note] [Permanent Bearer Global 
Note] which is exchangeable for Definitive Bearer Notes 
[on 60 days' notice given at any time ("Holder Exchange 
12
Insert for Open End Notes

--- Page 254 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 254 - 
Event")/only upon an Exchange Event].
[N.B. if Holder Exchange Event applies, global Notes are 
exchangeable only for Definitive Notes in an amount equal 
to the lowest Specified Denomination and no smaller 
tradable integral multiple is permitted].
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for definitive Notes 
on and after the Exchange Date.]]
[Registered Notes: 
Registered Global Note ([●] nominal amount)/Registered 
Notes in definitive form (specify nominal amounts)]
11.
Interest Basis: 
[[specify] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate][[/EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON
/TONA] +/- [specify] per cent. Floating Rate][Zero 
Coupon][Currency 
Linked 
Interest][Index 
Linked 
Interest][Share 
Linked 
Interest][Debt 
Linked 
Interest][Inflation Linked Interest][Commodity Linked 
Interest][Fund Linked Interest][Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Interest][ETI Linked Interest][Currency Linked 
Interest] [Hybrid Interest][and Dual Currency Interest] [N.B. 
If the Notes are Dual Currency Interest Notes, another 
Interest Basis must always be specified.] (further particulars 
specified below)
Interest Rate(i-1): [[specify] per cent. per annum / Not 
applicable] 
Condition to Interest Payment: [Applicable as set out in 
Condition 5(j)/Not applicable] 
12.
Coupon Switch: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[Coupon Switch Election: Applicable]/[Automatic Coupon 
Switch: Applicable][Target Switch Coupon: Applicable] 
[replicate relevant provisions from Conditions]] 
Pre-Switch Coupon: 
[specify 
Interest 
Basis] 
– 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Floating 
Rate]/[Linked Interest: [SPS Fixed Coupon]/[SPS Variable 
Amount Coupon]/[Digital Coupon]/[Snowball Digital 
Coupon]/[Accrual 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Stellar 
Coupon]/[Cappuccino Coupon]/[Ratchet Coupon]/[Driver 
Coupon]/[Nova 
Coupon]/[Sum 
Coupon]/[Transition 
Coupon]/[Option Max Coupon]/[Transition Coupon]/[FX 
Vanilla 
Coupon]/[FI 
Digital 
Coupon]/[FX 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Range Accrual Coupon]/[FX Range Accrual 
Coupon]/[FX Memory Coupon]/[Combination Floater 
Coupon]/[PRDC Coupon]/[FI Digital Floor Coupon]/[FI 
Digital 
Cap 
Coupon]/[FI 
Target 
Coupon][Duration

--- Page 255 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 255 - 
Adjusted Coupon]]  (see items [specify] below) 
Post-Switch Coupon: 
[specify 
Interest 
Basis] 
– 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Floating 
Rate]/[Linked Interest: [SPS Fixed Coupon]/[SPS Variable 
Amount Coupon]/[Digital Coupon]/[Snowball Digital 
Coupon]/[Accrual 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Stellar 
Coupon]/[Cappuccino Coupon]/[Ratchet Coupon]/[Driver 
Coupon]/[Nova 
Coupon]/[Sum 
Coupon]/]/[Transition 
Coupon]/[Option Max Coupon]/[Transition Coupon]/[FX 
Vanilla 
Coupon]/[FI 
Digital 
Coupon]/[FX 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Range Accrual Coupon]/[FX Range Accrual 
Coupon]/[FX Memory Coupon]/[Combination Floater 
Coupon]/[PRDC Coupon]/[FI Digital Floor Coupon]/[FI 
Digital Cap Coupon]/[FI Target Coupon]/ [Duration 
Adjusted Coupon]] [Insert relevant provisions, replicating 
relevant prompts from items 28(xvi) as applicable, below] 
[If the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes, 
complete prompts below accordingly] 
Additional Switch Coupon: 
[Applicable/Not applicable][If applicable:
Additional Switch Coupon Amount: 
[specify] [Calculation Amount × [●]%]] [Where a Coupon 
Switch occurs [in][on] is payable [in][on] [specify],  
[Calculation Amount × [●]%]] (Repeat as necessary) 
Additional Switch Coupon Payment 
Date: 
[specify] 
Coupon Switch Date(s): 
[specify] 
13.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par][[specify] per cent. of nominal 
amount][Index 
Linked 
Redemption][Share 
Linked 
Redemption][Debt Linked Redemption][Inflation Linked 
Redemption][Currency Linked Redemption][Commodity 
Linked 
Redemption][Fund 
Linked 
Redemption][Underlying 
Interest 
Rate 
Linked 
Redemption][Credit Linked Redemption][ETI Linked 
Redemption][Currency 
Linked 
Redemption][Hybrid 
Linked Redemption] [Instalment][and Dual Currency 
Redemption][N.B. If the Notes are Dual Currency 
Redemption Notes, another Redemption/Payment Basis 
must always be specified.] 
Payout Switch: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[Payout Switch Election: [Applicable] 
Switched Payouts:  [specify] 
Payout Switch Date:  [specify]] 
[Automatic Payout Switch:  [Applicable]

--- Page 256 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 256 - 
[Target Switch Payout: Applicable] 
[If applicable replicate relevant provisions from Condition 
7(p)] 
[Autoroll: Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable, specify: [Autoroll Standard]/[Autoroll 
Lock]/[Autoroll Shift]] 
[If applicable, replicate the related provisions from the 
Conditions for each of the features which will change 
following an Autoroll Event as set out in Condition 7(x)]] 
Condition to Final Payout Premium: [Applicable as set out 
in Condition 7(s)/Not applicable] 
[Open End: Applicable 
The Notes are Put/Call Open End Notes]13
[Waiver of Set-Off: Not applicable] 
[Unwind Costs: Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Essential Trigger: Applicable]
14.
Exchange Rate: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
15.
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
16.
Strike Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Linked Condition 
1]/[Modified Following Currency Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]] (N.B. Only applicable to Currency 
Linked Notes) 
17.
Strike Day: 
[specify] 
18.
Strike Period: 
[specify] 
19.
Strike Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
20.
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Notes. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify]/[Not applicable].] (Not 
applicable to Inflation Linked or Index Linked Notes) 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] (N.B. Not applicable to Index Linked Notes relating 
to a Custom Index or Commodity Linked Notes) 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Linked Condition 
1]/[Modified Following Currency Convention]/[Preceding 
13
Include for Open End Notes that are Put/Call Open End Notes.

--- Page 257 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 257 - 
Currency Convention]] (N.B. only applicable to Currency 
Linked Notes) 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the 
provisions of Annex 2 will apply] (N.B. Only applicable to 
Index Linked Notes relating to a Custom Index) 
21.
Observation Dates: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Linked Condition 
1]/[Modified Following Currency Convention]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]] (N.B. only applicable to Currency 
Linked Notes) 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] (N.B. Not applicable to Index Linked Notes relating 
to a Custom Index or Commodity Linked Notes) 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day, 
the provisions of Annex 2 will apply] (N.B. Only applicable 
to Index Linked Notes relating to a Custom Index) 
22.
Observation Period: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] (Not applicable to Inflation 
Linked Notes) 
23.
Illegality (Condition 7(u)) and Force 
Majeure (Condition 7(v)): 
Illegality: [[Highest Value]/[Market Value]/[Monetisation 
Option][Annex ERE] applicable] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]  
Force 
Majeure: 
[ERE 
Force 
Majeure/No 
Unwind 
Costs][Annex ERE] 
24.
Additional 
Disruption 
Events, 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events and CNY Payment Disruption 
Events: 
(a) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events 
and 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events  
(a) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]/[Change in Law/Hedging Disruption] does not 
apply to the Notes]  
[Change in Law – Hedge Maintenance Cost: Not applicable] 
(b) 
[Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not 
applicable]/[The following Optional Additional Disruption 
Events apply to the Notes: 
(Specify each of the following which applies. N.B. Optional 
Additional Disruption Events are applicable to certain 
Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes 
and Commodity Linked Notes.  Careful consideration 
should be given to whether Optional Additional Disruption

--- Page 258 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 258 - 
Events would apply for Debt Linked Notes, Currency Linked 
Notes and Fund Linked Notes.) 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Share Linked Notes) 
[Cancellation Event] 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Debt Linked Notes) 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[[Stop-Loss Event] 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [5] per cent.]] 
[Currency Event] 
[Extraordinary External Event] 
[Significant Alteration Event] 
[Jurisdiction Event [- Hedging Arrangements: Not 
applicable]] 
[Hedging Party Default] 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share/Security] is [specify]. 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each relevant Share/Security] is [specify]. 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)]  
(c) Redemption: Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
[Protected Amount: [[ ] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] [Must be specified if Highest Value or 
Monetisation Option are applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]]

--- Page 259 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 259 - 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(b) 
CNY Payment Disruption 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[Postponement: Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Payment 
of 
Equivalent 
Amount: 
Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency: [specify] 
Equivalent Amount Price Source: [specify] 
Equivalent 
Amount 
Settlement 
Valuation 
Time: 
[specify]/[As per Conditions] 
CNY Settlement Centre: [specify] 
25.
Knock-in Event14: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If applicable replicate relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 1) 
[If SPS Knock-in Valuation is not applicable and the Notes 
are Currency Linked Notes, specify if FX Knock-in 
Valuation is applicable]. 
[If FX Knock-in Valuation is applicable, replicate relevant 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[FX Coupon Performance: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(ii)
Level: 
[Official 
level]/Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[traded 
price]/[bid price]/[asked price][Not applicable] 
(iii)
Knock-in Level/Knock-in 
Range Level: 
[specify][FX Knock-in Level] 
[If FX Knock-in Level is specified, replicate relevant 
14
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Commodity Linked 
Notes and Currency Linked Notes.

--- Page 260 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 260 - 
provisions from the Payout Condition 1] 
(iv)
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date:  
[specify] 
(v)
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date Day Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(vi)
Knock-in Determination 
Period: 
[specify] 
(vii)
Knock-in Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day/ Commodity Business Day/Fund 
Business Day/Business Day]in the Knock-in Determination 
Period] 
(viii)
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Day Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(x)
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[Valuation Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in 
Determination Day]/Not applicable] 
(xi)
Knock-in Value: 
[specify] 
(xii)
Knock-in Observation Price 
Source: 
[specify]
26.
Knock-out Event15: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"]/["within"]/[[Knock-out 
Corridor Range] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If 
applicable 
replicate 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
Conditions] 
[If SPS Knock-out Valuation is not applicable and the 
Securities are Currency Securities, specify if FX Knock-out 
Valuation is applicable] 
[If FX Knock-out Valuation is applicable, replicate relevant 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
15
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Commodity Linked 
Notes and Currency Linked Notes.

--- Page 261 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 261 - 
[FX Coupon Performance: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(ii)
[Price][Level]: 
[Knock-out Corridor Value 1:] [Official level]/[Official 
close]/[last price]/[bid price]/[asked price][Not applicable] 
[Knock-out Corridor Value 2: [official level]/[official 
close]/[last 
price]/[traded 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked 
price]/[Standard Level]/[Not applicable]] 
(iii)
Knock-out [Price][Level] 
/Knock-out Range 
[Price][Level]/Knock-out 
Corridor Range: 
[specify][FX Knock-out Level] 
[If FX Knock-out Level is specified, replicate relevant 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[If Knock-out Corridor Range is applicable: 
[If Knock-out Corridor Range is applicable:  
Knock-out Low Barrier: [specify] 
Knock-out High Barrier: [specify]] 
(iv)
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(v)
Knock-out Period 
Beginning Date Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(vi)
Knock-out Determination 
Period: 
[specify] 
(vii)
Knock-out Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day/Commodity Business Day/Fund 
Business 
Day/Business 
Day] 
in 
the 
Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
(viii)
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Day Convention: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
(x)
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[Any time on a Knock-out Determination 
Day]/[Valuation Time]/[Not applicable] 
(xi)
Knock-out Value: 
[specify] 
(xii)
Knock-out Observation 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
27.
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 262 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 262 - 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
28.
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s): 
[specify] 
(ii)
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify] 
(iii)
Business Day Convention 
for Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / FRN / None 
/ Not applicable] 
(A Business Day Convention must be specified where the 
Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON or TONA) 
(iv)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] 
(v)
Specified Period: 
[specify] 
(vi)
Business Day Convention 
for Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[Following / Modified Following / Preceding / FRN / None 
/ Not applicable] 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) is 
(are) expressed to be a number of Business Days after the 
relevant Interest Period End Final Date, Interest Payment 
Date(s) must be subject to the same Business Day 
Convention) 
(vii)
Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
[specify] 
(viii)
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify] per cent. per annum / Not applicable] 
(ix)
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum / As per Conditions] 
(x)
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum / Not applicable] 
(xi)
Rate Multiplier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii)
Day Count Fraction: 
[specify] / [unadjusted] 
(xiii)
Determination Dates: 
[specify] in each year [insert regular payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.] (NB: Only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))
(xiv)
Accrual to Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If Accrual to Redemption is Not Applicable: 
Accrual 
to 
Preceding 
IPED: 
[Applicable/Not

--- Page 263 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 263 - 
Applicable][insert in the case of Credit Linked Notes or 
other Notes where Accrual to Redemption is Not 
Applicable]] 
(xv)
Rate of Interest: 
[Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Linked Interest] 
(xvi)
Coupon Rate (Include one 
or more of the following if 
applicable16) 
[SPS Fixed Coupon applicable 
[Replicate formula, relevant values and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[SPS Variable Amount Coupon applicable [Replicate 
formula, relevant values and other related provisions from 
Payout Condition 1]] 
[Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Snowball Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
16
Refer to the contents page relating to Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts), which is on pages 874 to 879, for 
details of the location within the Payout Conditions of the terms and conditions that are applicable to the Securities given the 
Coupon/Premium Amount Rate, Payout or Entitlement Amount elections above.

--- Page 264 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 264 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[Accrual Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[Stellar Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[Cappuccino Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related

--- Page 265 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 265 - 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[Ratchet Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[Driver Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[Nova Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related

--- Page 266 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 266 - 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[Sum Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[Option Max Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Transition Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[FX Vanilla Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related

--- Page 267 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 267 - 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[FI Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[FX Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related

--- Page 268 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 268 - 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[FX Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[FX Memory Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[Combination Floater Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related

--- Page 269 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 269 - 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[PRDC Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related

--- Page 270 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 270 - 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[FI Target Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate – [Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination]] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]] 
[Duration Adjusted Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
29.
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes/Not 
applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(Specify if more than one fixed rate is to be determined) 
(i)
Fixed Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[specify] per cent. [per annum] 
(ii)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[specify] per Calculation Amount] / [Not applicable] 
(iii)
Broken Amount(s): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
30.
Floating Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Floating Rate Notes/Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(Specify if more than one floating rates is to be determined) 
(i)
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount is to be 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination]

--- Page 271 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 271 - 
determined: 
(ii)
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable 
– 
[IBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR]/[SARON]/[TONA]]/[N
ot applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON/TO-
NA] (The Reference Rate must be EURIBOR, STIBOR, 
SONIA, SOFR, €STR,SARON or TONA) 
[specify] 
(Second TARGET2 day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR or second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) 
[[●] London Business Days prior to each Interest Period 
End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA) 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
each Interest Period End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
[[●] TARGET2 Business Days prior to each Interest  Period 
End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR) 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days prior to each Interest Period End 
Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SARON) 
[[●] Tokyo Banking Days prior to each Interest Payment 
Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is TONA) 
(b)
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
(c)
Specified Time: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is EURIBOR: 11:00 am, 
Brussels time]/[Include where the Reference Rate is 
STIBOR: 11:00am, Stockholm time]/[Not applicable]  
(d)
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify]/[The SOFR Screen Page]/[ECB Website] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01

--- Page 272 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 272 - 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
(e)
[Calculation 
Method 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: [SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean]/[SOFR Compound: [SOFR Compound 
with Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with Observation 
Period Shift]/[SOFR Index with Observation Shift]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is TONA: [TONA 
Compound: [TONA Compound with Lookback]/[TONA 
Compound with Observation Period Shift] 
(f)
[Observation 
Method 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: [Lag]/[Lock-
out]/[Shift]/[SONIA Index with Observation Shift]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR:) 
[Lag]/[Shift]] 
(g)
[Lookback Period 
[[specify] London Business Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]]/[TARGET2 
Business 
Days]/[Zurich Banking Days]/[Tokyo Banking Days]/[As 
per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR (where 
the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR 
Compound with Lookback), €STR, SARON or TONA (where 
the Calculation Method is TONA Compound with 
Lookback) .)
(h)
Reference Banks: 
[As per Condition 5][specify] 
(i)
[Observation Shift 
Days: 
[[specify] U.S. Government Securities Business Days]/[As 
per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index with Observation 
Shift) 
[[specify] 
Relevant 
Business 
Days]/[As 
per 
the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable] 
[Observation Shift Business Centre(s): [specify]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is TONA and the 
Calculation Method is TONA Compound with Observation 
Period Shift) 
(j)
[SOFR 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[[specify] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days]/[ Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. Must apply

--- Page 273 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 273 - 
where the Calculation Method is SOFR Arithmetic Mean) 
(k)
[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
Priority: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of SOFR 
Replacement Alternatives listed in Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)]] 
(l)
[Rate 
Cut-off 
Time: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR) 
(m)
[ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is either SOFR or €STR) 
(iv)
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(b)
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c)
Reset Date: 
[specify]  
[(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are reliant 
upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations 
for EURIBOR which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time)] 
31.
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[specify relevant terms]] 
32.
Zero Coupon Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Accrual Yield: 
[specify] per cent. per annum 
(ii)
Reference Price: 
[specify] 
33.
Index Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes/Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[specify]

--- Page 274 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 274 - 
[The [specify] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index.]17
[The [specify] Index is a Custom Index.]18
(ii)
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
(iii)
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(v)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify] Scheduled Trading Days] [As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 4] 
(vi)
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index Basis)] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
(vii)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index Basis)] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(viii)
Exchange(s) and Index 
Sponsor(s): 
(a)
The Exchange[s] [is/are] [specify]; and 
(b)
The Index Sponsor is [specify]. (In the case of a 
Basket of Indices, repeat in respect of each Index)
(ix)
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/[All Exchanges]] 
(x)
Settlement Price: 
[Official opening level]/[Official closing level][price at the 
Valuation Time] [specify] 
(xi)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement 
Price is [specify]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Index Linked Condition 
2]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash 
Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
(xii)
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period.] 
[specify] (N.B. if no time is specified, the Interest Valuation 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
(xiii)
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Index Linked Condition 6/specify] 
(xiv)
Redemption on the 
Occurrence of Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event: Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
17
Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any). 
18
Specify each Custom Index (if any).

--- Page 275 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 275 - 
Denomination]]  
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable:
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index Adjustment 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Index Linked Condition 
2(B)(ix) applies] 
(xv)
Additional provisions 
applicable to Custom 
Indices: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(b)
[Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)(Single Index Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom 
Index Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities) 
(c)
[Scheduled Custom 
Index 
Business 
Day: 
[(All 
Custom 
Indices 
Basis)/(Per 
Custom 
Index 
Basis)/(Single Custom Index Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom 
Index Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities) 
(Must match election made for Custom Index Business Day)
(d)
Valuation Time:  
[As per Index Linked Condition 4, being the time specified 
on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be, for the calculation of the 
Settlement Price.]/[specify](N.B. if no time is specified, the 
Interest Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time) 
(e)
[Custom 
Index 
Correction Period: 
[As per Index Linked Condition 8]/[specify]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom 
Index Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities) 
(f)
Custom 
Index 
Disruption Event: 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[specify]/[As per Index Linked Condition 6]] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
twenty) 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
twenty (in the case of a Custom Index), eight (in the case of

--- Page 276 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 276 - 
an Equity Custom Index) or five (in the case of a Commodity 
Custom Index)) 
(g)
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
Custom 
Index 
Adjustment Event:  
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Custom Index 
Adjustment Event [or Commodity Custom Index Market 
Disruption]: [Applicable with a rate of [●] per cent. per 
annum] [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]]  
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Custom Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Index Linked 
Condition 
[6.2[(a)/(b)/(c)](ii)(D)VI.]/[6.2(c)(vi)]/[6.2(b)(v)] 
[and 
16.2(b)(iii)(E)  applies] 
34.
Share Linked Interest Provisions 
[Applicable – the Notes are Share Linked Interest Notes 
/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket of 
Shares/GDR/ADR: 
[specify] 
[GDR/ADR applicable] 
[Insert GDR/ADR]19
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]20
(ii)
Relative Performance 
Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(iii)
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
(iv)
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
19
Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Linked Final Terms 
as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s). 
20
Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares.  In the case of Share Linked Securities relating to Stapled 
Shares, complete Share Linked Securities Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s).

--- Page 277 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 277 - 
(v)
Screen Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[specify] 
(vi)
Interest Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(vii)
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share Basis)] 
(viii)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share Basis)] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(ix)
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [specify].  
(x)
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
(xi)
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]/[level at the Valuation Time]] [specify] 
(xii)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Shares to ascertain the Settlement 
Price is [specify]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Annex 3]/[specify]. (N.B. 
Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes relating to 
a Basket of Shares)] 
(xiii)
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date/during the Observation Period.]] [The 
Valuation Time is [specify]] 
(xiv)
Share Correction Period: 
[As per Share Linked Condition 4/specify] 
(xv)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[specify]/[eight]  
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight)
(xvi)
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xvii)
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xviii)
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xix)
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xx)
Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Event: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]]

--- Page 278 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 278 - 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that a Nationalisation 
or Insolvency constitutes a force majeure, Share Linked 
Condition 2(b)(B)(ii)(3) or 2(b)(B)(x) applies] 
35.
Debt Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Debt Linked Interest Notes /Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Debt Securities: 
[specify] 
(ii)
Nominal Amount: 
[The relevant nominal amount is [●] and the Relevant 
Screen Page is [●].][Not applicable] 
(iii)
Reference Price: 
[The Reference Price[s] for  [specify relevant Debt 
Securities] is/are the [bid price]/[mid price]/[offer 
price]/[bid yield]/[mid yield]/[offer yield].] [Not applicable] 
(iv)
Exchange Business Day 
Centre(s): 
[specify] 
(v)
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(vi)
Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(vii)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As defined in Debt Linked Condition 5)]/[[specify] 
Scheduled Trading Days.] 
(viii)
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of Debt 
Security Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]] 
(ix)
Debt Security Issuer: 
[specify ]/[Not applicable] 
(x)
Debt Security Correction 
Period: 
[As per the Conditions]/[ specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xi)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Debt Securities to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●].  Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment.] 
36.
Inflation Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes./Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) (If more than one Inflation Rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (i) to (viii) for each such Inflation

--- Page 279 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 279 - 
Rate and, if FI Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish 
between the Inflation Rate which is FI Rate A and the 
Inflation Rate which is FI Rate B) 
(i)
Inflation Index/Inflation 
Indices/Index Sponsor: 
[specify name of inflation index/indices] 
[specify name of index sponsor] 
[Screen Page: [specify] 
(ii)
Related Bond: 
[specify]/Fallback Bond 
(iii)
Issuer of Related Bond:  
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(iv)
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(v)
Related Bond Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(vi)
Substitute Inflation Index 
Level: 
[As determined in accordance with Inflation Linked 
Condition 1][specify] 
(vii)
Cut-off Date: 
[In respect of a [Valuation Date], the day that is [specify] 
Business Days prior to such [Valuation Date] 
(viii)
Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Reference Month: 
[specify] 
(x)
Initial Fixing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xi)
Inflation Index Level 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xii)
Currency Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xiii)
Index Cancellation: 
[Inflation Linked Condition 3(vii)(b) applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Market Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index Cancellation 
constitutes a force majeure, Inflation Linked Condition 
3(vii)(f) applies] 
37.
Commodity 
Linked 
Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Commodity Linked Interest 
Notes/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Commodity/Commodities/ 
Commodity Index/ 
[specify] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity Index/Indices is/are

--- Page 280 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 280 - 
Commodity Indices: 
[specify]] 
[Insert in the case of Commodities that are EU Allowances: 
The [Commodity]/[specify Commodities] [is an]/[are] EU 
Allowance[s] 
Relevant Registry: [specify]] 
(ii)
Pricing Date(s):  
[specify] 
(iii)
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(v)
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[specify] 
The Price Source is/are [specify] 
(vi)
Delivery Date: 
[specify] / [Not applicable] 
(vii)
Nearby Month: 
[specify]/ [Not applicable] 
(viii)
Specified Price: 
[specify]/ [Not applicable] 
(ix)
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [specify] / [Not 
applicable].  
(x)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify]/[As per Commodity Linked Condition 5] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to five) 
(applicable only to Price Source Disruption or Trading 
Disruption)
(xi)
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per Commodity Linked Condition 5.]/[Not applicable] 
(xii)
Weighting: 
(xiii)
Redemption following 
Market Disruption Event or 
Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Not applicable/[specify]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with Commodity 
Linked Condition 3] 
[Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 
[2.1(iii)/3.2(a)(i)] 
applies]/[Highest Value]/[Market Value]/[Monetisation 
Option] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Market Disruption 
Event or Commodity Index Adjustment Event constitutes a 
force majeure, Commodity Linked Condition 2.1(vii) or 
3.2(a)(v), respectively, applies] 
38.
Fund Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Fund Linked Interest Notes/Not 
applicable]

--- Page 281 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 281 - 
(i)
Fund/Fund Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund Indices/Euro 
Fund: 
[Specify Fund/Fund Basket/Fund Index/Fund Indices/Euro 
Fund]  
[The Fund Index Sponsor[s] of the Fund [Index/Indices] 
[is/are] [●]] 
[Fund Index Currency: [specify]] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
[[The [●] Fund is a Euro Fund]  
[The Insurance Company is [specify]  
Provisional Minimum Rate: [specify website]  
Gross Rate of Return: [specify website]  
[Floor Rate of Return: Applicable – the Floor Rate of Return 
is [specify]  
Euro Fund Business Day Centre: [specify]/[Paris]]  
(If the Euro Fund Provisions are applicable delete items 
38(ii) to (x) and 38(xv) to (xxiv) below and complete items 
38(xi) and 38(xxv))
[SC/FM Fund Events: Applicable] 
(ii)
Fund Shares: 
[specify applicable interests in the Fund(s)] 
(iii)
Fund Documents: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1][specify] 
(iv)
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis]/[Per Fund Share Basis]/[Single Fund 
Share Basis] 
(v)
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify]
(vi)
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify][Insert name] 
(vii)
Calculation Date(s): 
 [specify] [Insert date] 
(viii)
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(ix)
Final Calculation Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(x)
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(xi)
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(xii)
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify]

--- Page 282 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 282 - 
(xiii)
NAV Trigger Period: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xiv)
Number of NAV 
Publication Days: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xv)
AUM Level: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xvi)
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify]/[ As per Fund Linked Condition 1] 
(xvii)
Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(xviii)
Termination Amounts: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1][specify]/[Market 
Value]/[Highest Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
[Fund Event Force Majeure: Applicable] 
(xix)
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(xx)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/[specify]. [Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with Fund Linked 
Condition 4] 
(xxi)
[Protected Amount 
[If Highest Value, Monetisation Option or Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
are applicable: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
(xxii)
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxiii)
Redemption on the 
Occurrence of Fund Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Fund Linked 
Condition 6(iv)(G) applies] 
(xxiv)
Delayed Payment Cut-Off 
Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xxv)
Redemption on Occurrence 
of an Extraordinary Euro 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary

--- Page 283 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 283 - 
Fund Event: 
Euro Fund Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable:  Protected  Amount:  
[[specify] per cent. of the Calculation Amount]]●]] 
39.
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Interest Notes/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: "Underlying 
Interest Rate1:" and "Underlying Interest Rate2:" and 
repeat paragraphs 36(i) to (vii) below, as applicable) 
(i)
Underlying Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(ii)
Manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remain sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a)
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[specify] (Either EURIBOR or other)
(b)
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR)
(c)
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify] 
(iv)
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remain sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(a)
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(b)
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c)
Reset Date: 
[specify] (N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are reliant 
upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations 
for EURIBOR which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time)

--- Page 284 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 284 - 
(v)
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(vi)
Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(vii)
Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
40.
ETI Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are ETI Linked Interest Notes/Not 
applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
[SC/FM ETI Events: Applicable] 
(ii)
ETI Interest(s): 
[Insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
(iii)
ETI Related Party: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(iv)
Exchange(s): 
[The 
relevant 
Exchange[s] 
[is/are] 
[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(v)
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
(vi)
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single ETI 
Interest Basis] 
(vii)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single ETI 
Interest Basis] 
(viii)
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(ix)
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(x)
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] 
(xi)
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(xii)
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1][specify] 
(xiii)
Value per ETI Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xiv)
Number of Value 
Publication Days: 
[[specify] calendar days] [[specify] Business Days] 
[Additional Financial Centre: [specify]] 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication Days 
is calculated by reference to Business Days)
(xv)
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify]

--- Page 285 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 285 - 
(xvi)
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xvii)
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xviii)
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] 
(xix)
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(xx)
Interest Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(xxi)
Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(xxii)
Additional Extraordinary 
ETI Event(s): 
[specify]  
(xxiii)
Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate:  
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [specify].] 
(xxiv)
ETI Interest Correction 
Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify]  
(xxv)
Termination Date: 
[specify]  
(xxvi)
Market Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[specify][eight (8)] Scheduled Trading Days. 
(xxvii) Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [specify]. [Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in the case of ETI Linked Notes] [specify][Not 
applicable] (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled 
Notes relating to an ETI Basket) 
(xxviii) ETI Documents: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xxix)
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable:
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]] 
41.
Currency Linked Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Currency Linked Interest 
Notes/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)
(i)
The relevant base currency 
(the "Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(ii)
The relevant subject 
[currency/currencies] ([each 
a]/[the] "Subject 
Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify]

--- Page 286 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 286 - 
(iii)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Currencies to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [specify]] 
(iv)
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(v)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[specify]/[five] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to five)
(vi)
Redemption on Occurrence 
of a Disruption Event: 
[Illiquidity Disruption: Not applicable] 
[Disruption Event Postponement: Not applicable] 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[if applicable:
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
[Highest Value:[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event 
constitutes a force majeure, Currency Linked Condition 
3(c)(vi) applies] 
(vii)
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(viii)
Settlement Price: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(x)
Interest Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
(xi)
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]]

--- Page 287 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 287 - 
42.
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[specify] 
43.
Rounding: 
[As per Condition 5(m)] [specify] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
44.
Noteholder Put Option: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[Specify any applicable notice period] 
(i)
Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [specify] per cent.] 
[SPS Put Payout 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]] 
(iii)
Optional Redemption Date: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Minimum Notice Period: 
[●] 
(v)
Maximum Notice Period: 
[●] (N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 15 clearing system business 
days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
45.
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(ii)
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(iii)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [specify] per cent.] 
[SPS Call Payout 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
for Payout Condition 1]] 
(iv)
If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
[specify]

--- Page 288 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 288 - 
Amount: 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[specify] 
(v)
Minimum Notice Period: 
[●] 
(vi)
Maximum Notice Period: 
[●] (N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
(which require a minimum of 5 clearing system business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent.) 
46.
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Calculation Amount x [specify] per cent]/[Calculation 
Amount x Final Payout] [As per Credit Linked Conditions 
and paragraph 56 (Credit Linked Redemption Amount) 
below] 
47.
Final Payout21: 
[Not applicable]
[SPS Fixed Percentage Securities; 
[Replicate formula from Payout Condition 1]] 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Securities; 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Standard Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[SPS Vanilla Products; 
[Vanilla Call Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Put Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
21
Refer to the contents page relating to Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts), which is on pages 874 to 879, for 
details of the location within the Payout Conditions of the terms and conditions that are applicable to the Securities given the 
Coupon/Premium Amount Rate, Payout or Entitlement Amount elections above.

--- Page 289 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 289 - 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Put Spread Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Digital Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[[Knock-in / Knock-out] Vanilla Call Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Range Accrual Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
[Asian Products; 
[Asian Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Asian Spread Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Himalaya Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Talisman Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Auto-Callable Products; 
[Autocall Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Autocall One Touch Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Autocall Standard Securities:

--- Page 290 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 290 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Indexation Products; 
[Certi Plus: Booster Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Bonus Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Leveraged Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Twin Win Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Super Sprinter Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Generic Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Generic Knock-in Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Generic Knock-out Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
 [Ratchet Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Sum Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Option Max Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions

--- Page 291 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 291 - 
from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Stellar Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Driver Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Transition Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Maximum Final Payout: [specify]/Not applicable] 
[Minimum Final Payout: [specify]/Not applicable]
[Worst Conditional Value: [specify]] 
[Best Conditional Value: [specify]]
FI Payouts 
[FI FX Vanilla Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
[FI Digital Floor Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
[FI Digital Cap Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
[FI Digital Plus Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
[FI Inflation Securities:  
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
48.
Automatic Early Redemption22: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(i)
Automatic Early 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Underlying 
Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Coupon Automatic Early 
22
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Debt Linked 
Notes and Currency Linked Notes and, in the case of FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption, Currency Linked Notes and 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes.

--- Page 292 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 292 - 
Redemption Event: 
Redemption] [Standard Automatic Early Redemption: 
"greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less 
than or equal to"] [– Automatic Early Redemption Event 1]: 
"greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less 
than or equal to"] [Standard Automatic Early Redemption – 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 Applicable: "greater 
than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less than or 
equal to"] [SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption] 
[Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 [and]/[or] Automatic 
Early Redemption Event 2]  
[SPS AER Valuation:  Applicable/Not applicable] 
(ii)
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(iii)
Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout: 
[SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[SPS Transition Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[[SPS Accumulator AER Payout: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
Target Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 2] 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 2] 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption: 
Accrual to Automatic Early Redemption: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 2]

--- Page 293 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 293 - 
(iv)
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(v)
[(A)] Automatic Early 
Redemption Level [1]: 
[specify] [Not applicable] 
[(B) Automatic Early 
Redemption Level 2: 
[specify]] 
(vi)
Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage: 
[specify] per cent. 
(vii)
AER Exit Rate: 
[Not applicable]  
[AER Rate] 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[AER Athena up Rate] 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]
[AER CSN Rate] 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
(viii)
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] 
[AER 1 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify] 
[AER 2 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)]: 
[specify][AER Knock-out Date] 
[For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is the 
interest determination date (i.e. 2 business days prior to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date)] 
(ix)
Observation Price Source: 
[specify] 
(x)
Underlying Reference Level 
[1]: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[Bid 
price]/[Asked price]/Standard Underlying Reference Level] 
[Specify for purposes of Condition 7] 
(xi)
Underlying Reference Level 
2: 
[Standard Underlying Reference Level]/[Not applicable] 
(xii)
SPS AER Valuation: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable: 
SPS AER Value [1]: 
[Insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from Payout

--- Page 294 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 294 - 
Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10] 
(xiii)
AER Event 1 Underlying(s): 
[See item [●] below]/[Not applicable] 
(xiv)
AER Event 2 Underlying(s): 
[See item [●] below]/[Not applicable] 
(xv)
AER Event 1 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(xvi)
AER Event 2 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
49.
Index Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Index Linked Redemption 
Notes/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Index/Basket of Indices: 
[specify] 
[The [specify] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index.]23
[The [specify] Index is a Custom Index]24
(ii)
Index Currency: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(iii)
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(v)
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index Basis)] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
(vi)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)/(Single Index Basis)] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(vii)
Exchange(s) and Index 
Sponsor(s): 
(a)
The Exchange[s] [is/are] [specify]; and 
(b)
The Index Sponsor is [specify]. 
(In the case of a Basket of Indices, repeat in respect of each 
Index) 
(viii)
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
(ix)
Settlement Price: 
[Official opening level]/[Official closing level]/[level at the 
Valuation Time][specify] 
(x)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement 
23
Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any). 
24
Specify each Custom Index (if any).

--- Page 295 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 295 - 
Price is [specify]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Index Linked Condition 
2]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash 
Settled Notes relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
(xi)
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time]/[Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation Period.] 
[specify] (N.B. If no time specified, the Valuation Time will 
be the Scheduled Closing Time) (N.B. Only applicable to 
Indices other than Custom Indices)
(xii)
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Index Linked Condition 4/[specify]] 
(xiii)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[specify]/[eight]: 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight)
(xiv)
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 [if applicable: 
[Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]]  
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
 [If the Calculation Agent determines an Index Adjustment 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Index Linked Condition 
2(B)(ix) applies] 
(xv)
Additional provisions 
applicable to Custom 
Indices: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Custom 
Index 
Business Day: 
[(All 
Custom 
Indices 
Basis)/(Per 
Custom 
Index 
Basis)(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
(b)
Scheduled Custom 
Index 
Business 
Day: 
[(All 
Custom 
Indices 
Basis)/(Per 
Custom 
Index 
Basis)/(Single Custom Index Basis)] 
(Must match election made for Custom Index Business Day) 
(c)
Custom 
Index 
Correction Period: 
[As per Index Linked Condition 8]/[specify]
(d)
Specified 
Maximum Days of 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[specify]/[As per Index Linked Condition 6]

--- Page 296 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 296 - 
Disruption Event: 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
twenty) 
(e)
Delayed 
Redemption on the 
Occurrence 
of 
Custom 
Index 
Adjustment Event:  
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Custom Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable /Not applicable]] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]]  
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Custom Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Index Linked 
Condition 6(B)(3)(ii)(X) applies] 
50.
Share Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Share Linked Redemption 
Notes/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR: 
[insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies] 
[GDR/ADR applicable]25
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]26
(ii)
Relative Performance 
Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(iii)
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
(iv)
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
(v)
Screen Page/Exchange 
Code: 
[specify] 
25
Specify each GDR or ADR (if any). In the case of Share Linked Notes relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Linked Final Terms 
as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s). 
26
Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares.  In the case of Share Linked Securities relating to Stapled 
Shares, complete Share Linked Securities Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s).

--- Page 297 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 297 - 
(vi)
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(vii)
Exchange Business Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share Basis)] 
(viii)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[(All Shares Basis)/(Per Share Basis)/(Single Share Basis)] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(ix)
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [specify].  
(x)
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify/All Exchanges] 
(xi)
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]/[price at the Valuation Time]] [specify] 
(xii)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Shares to ascertain the Settlement 
Price is [specify]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in the case of Share Linked Notes]/[specify]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes 
relating to a Basket of Shares)] 
(xiii)
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation Period.] [The 
Valuation Time is [specify]] (N.B. if no time specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
(xiv)
Share Correction Period: 
[As per Share Linked Condition 4/specify] 
(xv)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[specify]/[eight] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight)
(xvi)
[Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(xvii)
Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event: 
Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
[Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(xviii)
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xix)
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 298 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 298 - 
(xx)
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
51.
Debt Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable -  the Notes are Debt Linked Redemption 
Notes./Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Debt Securities: 
[specify]
(ii)
Reference Price: 
[The Reference Price[s] for [specify relevant Debt 
Securities] is/are the [bid price]/[mid price]/[offer 
price]/[bid yield]/[mid yield]/[offer yield].] [Not applicable] 
(iii)
Nominal Amount: 
[The relevant nominal amount is [●] and the Relevant 
Screen Page is [●].[Not applicable] 
(iv)
Exchange Business Day 
Centre(s): 
[Specify] 
(v)
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] 
(vi)
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[ 
] 
(vii)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As defined in Debt Linked Condition 5/[[specify]
Scheduled Trading Days.][Not applicable] 
(viii)
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of Debt 
Instrument Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]] 
(ix)
Debt Security Issuer: 
[ 
]/[Not applicable] 
(x)
Debt Security Correction 
Period: 
[As per the Conditions]/[  
]/[Not applicable] 
(xi)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Debt Securities to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●].  Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment.] 
52.
Inflation 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable - the Notes are Inflation Linked Redemption 
Notes./Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
(i)
Inflation Index/Inflation 
Indices/Index Sponsor: 
[specify name of inflation index/indices] 
[specify name of inflation index sponsor(s)] 
(ii)
Related Bond: 
[specify]/Fallback Bond

--- Page 299 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 299 - 
(iii)
Issuer of Related Bond:  
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(iv)
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(v)
Related Bond Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(vi)
Substitute Inflation Index 
Level: 
[As determined in accordance with Inflation Linked 
Condition 1] [specify]. 
(vii)
Cut-off Date: 
[In respect of a [Valuation Date], the day that is [specify] 
Business Days prior to such [Valuation Date]. 
(viii)
Valuation Date/Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Reference Month: 
[specify] 
(x)
Initial Fixing Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xi)
Final Fixing Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xii)
Inflation Index Level 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xiii)
Currency Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xiv)
Index Cancellation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Inflation Linked Condition 3(vii)(b) applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Market Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index Cancellation 
constitutes a force majeure, Inflation Linked Condition 
3(vii)(f) applies] 
53.
Commodity 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Commodity Linked 
Redemption Notes/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Commodity/Commodities/C
ommodity Index/ 
Commodity Indices: 
[specify] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity Index/Indices is/are 
[specify]] 
(ii)
Pricing Date(s): 
[specify] 
(iii)
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 300 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 300 - 
(v)
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[specify] 
The Price Source is/are: [specify] 
(vi)
Delivery Date: 
[specify] / [Not applicable] 
(vii)
Nearby Month: 
[specify] / [Not applicable] 
(viii)
Specified Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(ix)
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [specify] / [Not 
applicable] 
(x)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify]/[five] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to five) 
(xi)
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As per Commodity Linked Condition 2]/Not applicable] 
(xii)
Weighting: 
(xiii)
Redemption following 
Market Disruption Event or 
Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Not applicable/[specify]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with Commodity 
Linked Condition 3] 
[Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 
[2.1(iii)/3.2(a)(i)] 
applies]/[Highest Value]/[Market Value]/[Monetisation 
Option] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Market Disruption 
Event or Commodity Index Adjustment Event constitutes a 
force majeure, Commodity Linked Condition 2.1(vii) or 
3.2(a)(v), respectively, applies] 
54.
Fund Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Fund Linked Redemption 
Notes/Not applicable] 
(i)
Fund/Fund Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund Indices: 
[Specify Fund/Fund Basket/Fund Index/Fund Indices]  
[The Fund Index Sponsor[s] of the Fund [Index/Indices] 
[is/are] [●]] 
[Fund Index Currency: [specify]] 
 [The [specify] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Private Equity Fund]  
[SC/FM Fund Events: Applicable]

--- Page 301 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 301 - 
(ii)
Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
(iii)
Fund Documents: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(iv)
Fund Business Day: 
(v)
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[All Fund Share Basis]/[Per Fund Share Basis]/[Single Fund 
Share Basis] 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(vi)
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] [Insert name] 
(vii)
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] [Insert date] 
(viii)
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(ix)
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(x)
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(xi)
Hedging Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xii)
AUM Level 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xiii)
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xiv)
NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify] 
(xv)
Number of NAV 
Publication Days: 
[specify] 
(xvi)
Basket Trigger Level: 
[specify] 
(xvii)
Termination Amount: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1][specify]/[Market 
Value]/[Highest Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
[Fund Event Force Majeure: Applicable] 
(xviii)
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(xix)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/[specify]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with Fund Linked 
Condition 4] 
(xx)
[Protected Amount 
[If Highest Value, Monetisation Option or Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
are applicable: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination] 
(xxi)
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxii)
Redemption on the 
Occurrence of Fund Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable:

--- Page 302 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 302 - 
Early Redemption Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Early Redemption Amount, Highest Value or 
Monetisation Option are applicable: Protected Amount: 
[specify] per cent. of the Specified Denomination] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Fund Linked 
Condition 6(iv)(F) applies] 
(xxiii)
Redemption on the 
Occurrence of 
Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Euro Fund Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable:  
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]] 
(xxiv)
[Delayed Payment Cut Off 
Date: 
[specify]] 
55.
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Redemption Notes/Not applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: "Underlying 
Interest Rate1:" and "Underlying Interest Rate2:" and 
repeat paragraphs 55(i) to (vii) below, as applicable) 
(i)
Underlying Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(ii)
Manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[specify] (Either EURIBOR or other)
(b)
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of

--- Page 303 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 303 - 
EURIBOR)
(c)
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify] 
(iv)
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(b)
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c)
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are reliant 
upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations 
for EURIBOR which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time) 
(v)
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(vi)
Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(vii)
Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
56.
Credit Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Credit Linked Redemption 
Notes/Not applicable] 
(i)
Type of Credit Linked 
Notes 
[Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Note] 
[Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Note] 
N: [specify] 
M: [[●]/Not applicable] 
[Unwind Costs for the Remaining Names:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
Substitution: [Not applicable] [Applicable]] 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Note] 
Substitution: [Not applicable] [Applicable] 
Zero Recovery: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 304 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 304 - 
No 
Prior 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
(ii)
Transaction Type: 
[Standard North American Corporate][Standard European 
Corporate][Standard 
European 
Financial 
Corporate][Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate][Standard 
European 
Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Financial Corporate][Standard Subordinated European 
Insurance 
Corporate][Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate 
LPN][Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate][Standard 
Latin 
America 
Corporate 
BL] 
[Standard Australia [Financial] Corporate][Standard New 
Zealand [Financial] Corporate][Standard Japan [Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard Asia [Financial] Corporate][Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate][Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign][Standard Latin America Sovereign][Standard 
Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign][Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign][Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign][Standard Japan Sovereign][Standard Singapore 
Sovereign][Standard Asia Sovereign][Standard Sukuk 
Sovereign][Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and 
Credit][Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund][Standard 
U.S. Municipal Revenue] [specify] 
(iii)
Maturity Date: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Calculation Agent 
responsible for making 
calculation and 
determinations pursuant to 
Annex 10 – Additional 
Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Securities): 
[specify] 
(v)
Reference Entity(ies): 
[specify] 27
Index Sponsor: [Applicable [specify]]/[Not applicable] 
(vi)
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount 
[specify] [As per Credit Linked Condition 10]  
[Credit Linked Interest Only: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(vii)
Reference Obligation(s): 
(a) 
Non- 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/not applicable/[specify]] 
27
NB.  The Reference Entity (or the issuer of the reference obligation) must have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market. Include information required by Item 2.2.2 of Annex 17 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 including name, ISIN, address, country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the 
reference entity (or the issuer of the reference obligation) operates and the name of the regulated market, equivalent third country 
market or SME Growth Market on which its securities are admitted.

--- Page 305 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 305 - 
[The obligation identified as 
follows: 
[With respect to []] (Delete if Single Reference Entity) 
Primary Obligor: [specify] 
Guarantor:[specify] 
Maturity: [specify] 
Coupon: [specify] 
CUSIP/ISIN: [specify] 
[Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level][Subordinated 
Level][specify][Not 
applicable] 
Original Issue Amount: [specify] 
[The obligation specified as the Reference Obligation above 
shall be the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
notwithstanding that such obligation is not an obligation of 
the Reference Entity, and notwithstanding any contrary 
provision of the definition of "Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation" (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
paragraph (a) of the definition thereof applies).] [Delete if 
not applicable or if Reference Obligation above is an 
obligation of the Reference Entity] 
(b) 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[specify] 
[Seniority 
Level: 
[Senior]/[Subordinated]/[●]/[Not 
applicable]] 
Maturity: 
[●]
Coupon: 
[●]
CUSIP/ISIN: 
[●]
(viii)
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement] 
[Cash Settlement][Final Price [●]] [Minimum Quotation 
Amount [●]] [Physical Settlement] 
[Not applicable] (insert for Zero Recovery Credit Linked 
Notes) 
[Unwind Costs: [Not applicable] [●]] [Delete if Unwind 
Costs are applicable] [No Charged Assets Loss is 
applicable] 
[Payment Requirement  [●] 
[Default Requirement  [●]] [Delete if not applicable]

--- Page 306 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 306 - 
(ix)
Fallback 
Settlement 
Method 
[Cash Settlement] [Physical Settlement] 
(x)
Settlement Deferral: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(xi)
Settlement Currency 
[specify] 
(xii)
Merger Event: 
[Credit Linked Condition 2(c) [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(If Applicable): 
[Merger Event Redemption Date: [●]] 
(xiii)
LPN Reference Entities 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[specify]/As per the Transaction 
Type] 
(xiv)
Terms relating to Cash 
Settlement: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 2] [Not applicable]  
(xv)
Terms relating to Physical 
Settlement 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 4] [Not applicable]  
(xvi)
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As per the Transaction Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable:] 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not applicable/As 
specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As per the 
Transaction Type]] 
[Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As 
per the Transaction Type]] 
(xvii)
Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 3(a)(A)(i)] [As per Credit 
Linked Condition 3(a)(A)(ii)] [As per Credit Linked 
Condition 3(a)(B)] [Continued Interest Accrual applicable] 
(xviii)
Interest: 
[specify][No Interest Post Scheduled Redemption is 
applicable] 
(xix)
Additional Credit Linked 
Security 
Disruption 
Events: 
[The following Additional Credit Linked Security 
Disruption Events apply to the Notes:] [Not applicable] 
(Specify each of the following which applies.) 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(xx)
Additional Provisions: 
[Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions: [Not 
Applicable]] [Delete if Change in Standard Terms and 
Market Conventions applies]]

--- Page 307 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 307 - 
[In respect of [specify relevant Reference Entity], [Include 
Accrued Interest] [Exclude Accrued Interest] applicable] 
(xxi)
Credit 
Event 
Backstop 
Date   
[The date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date] 
[Issue Date] [Other] 
(xxii)
Credit Observation Period 
End Date 
[Applicable: [specify]] [Not applicable] 
(xxiii)
Principal Protection Level: 
[specify] 
(xxiv)
CoCo Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As per the Transaction Type] 
(Delete if CoCo Supplement is not applicable) 
[Trigger Percentage: [●] [/As specified in Annex 10 (Annex 
for Credit Linked Securities)] 
(xxv)
Calculation and Settlement 
Suspension 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
57.
ETI Linked Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable – the Notes are ETI Linked Redemption 
Notes/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
[SC/FM ETI Events: Applicable] 
(ii)
ETI Interest(s): 
[insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
(iii)
ETI Related Party: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(iv)
ETI Documents: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1][specify] 
(v)
Exchange(s): 
The relevant Exchange[s] [is/are] [specify]. [Not applicable] 
(vi)
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
(vii)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single ETI 
Interest Basis] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(viii)
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single ETI 
Interest Basis] 
(ix)
Redemption Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(x)
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify]

--- Page 308 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 308 - 
(xi)
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xii)
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xiii)
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(xiv)
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1][specify] 
(xv)
Value per ETI 
Interest/Trading Price 
Barrier: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1][specify] 
(xvi)
Number of Value 
Publication Days: 
[[specify] calendar days] [[specify] Value Business Days] 
[Value Business Day Centre: [specify]  
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication Days 
is calculated by reference to Value Business Days)] 
(xvii)
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1][specify] 
(xviii)
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1][specify] 
(xix)
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1][specify] 
(xx)
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] 
(xxi)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The Weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the ETI Basket to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [specify]. Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in the case of ETI Linked Notes]/[specify]. (N.B. 
Only applicable in relation to Cash Settled Notes relating to 
an ETI Basket)] 
(xxii)
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation Period.] [The 
Valuation Time is [specify]](N.B. if no time specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
(xxiii)
Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [specify].] 
(xxiv)
ETI Interest Correction 
Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify]
(xxv)
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(xxvi)
Market Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[specify] [eight (8)] Scheduled Training Days] 
(xxvii) Delayed Redemption on the 
Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]]

--- Page 309 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 309 - 
58.
Currency 
Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Applicable – the Notes are Currency Linked Redemption 
Notes/Not applicable] 
[specify] 
(i)
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify]
(ii)
The relevant base currency 
(the "Base Currency") is: 
[specify]
(iii)
The relevant subject 
[currency/currencies] ([each 
a]/[the] "Subject 
Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify]
(iv)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Currencies to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [specify]] 
(v)
Price Source: 
[specify]
(vi)
Settlement Price: 
[specify] 
(vii)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[specify]/[five] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to five)
(viii)
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Redemption on the 
Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: 
[Illiquidity Disruption: Not applicable]  
[Disruption Event Postponement: Not applicable] 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a  Disruption 
Event: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]] 
[Highest Value:[Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable:
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event 
constitutes a force majeure, Currency Linked Condition

--- Page 310 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 310 - 
3(c)(vi) applies] 
59.
Notional Value Repack Securities 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(i)
Reference Securities  
[There are no Reference Securities] (Only specify if 
Charged Asset Structure 4 is specified in Part B and delete 
remainder of this paragraph)  
[The "Reference Securities" in respect of the series are: [  
[specify/include name of securities] [issued by [●] (the 
"RCA Issuer") with the following details: [Complete to the 
extent applicable or delete]  
[RCA Nominal Amount: [●]] (Where Securities are being 
issued which are fungible with existing Securities, specify 
aggregate RCA Nominal Amount and applicable RCA 
Nominal Amount for the relevant tranches)  
[RCA Guarantor [●]] 
[RCA Currency: [●]] 
[RCA Interest Rate: [●]] 
[RCA Interest Payment Dates: [●]] 
[RCA Maturity Date: [●]] 
[Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date: [●]] [Only specify 
where different from RCA Maturity Date] 
[RCA ISIN: [●]] 
[The Repo Collateral Securities] 
[Partial Nominal Value Collateralisation is applicable][- 
Collateralisation Level is equal to [specify]] 
(ii)
Initial Posting Date:  
[Issue Date]/[specify]  [Settlement Grace Period is 
applicable where the Reference Securities Grace Period is 
[specify] Business Days]  
(iii)
Related Agreement[s]:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] [Delete remaining sub-
paragraphs if not applicable]  
(a)
Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [Delete remaining sub-
paragraphs if not applicable]  
(b)
Swap Counterparty: 
[BNP Paribas]/[BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV]/BNP Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C.] [See paragraph 11(vi) of Part B for details 
of the Swap Counterparty] 28
(c)
Swap 
Business 
[specify] 
28
Insert reference to paragraph 11(vi) of Part B where relevant counterparty constitutes an obligor for the purposes of item 2.2.11(b) 
of Annex 19 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980

--- Page 311 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 311 - 
Days 
(d)
Credit Support 
Document: 
[As set out in Collateral Linked Condition 1]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(e)
Repurchase 
Agreement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
- Repo 
Counterparty: 
[BNP Paribas] /[BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C] 
- Repo Collateral 
Securities 
[specify] 
-
Repurchase 
Date(s) 
[specify] 
(f)
Collateral 
Exchange 
Agreement 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
- Collateral 
Exchange 
Counterparty:   
[BNP Paribas ]/[BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.]/[See 
paragraph 11(vi) of Part B for details of the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty]29
- Replacement 
Collateral 
Assets: 
[specify] 
- Over 
Collateralisatio
n Level: 
[specify] 
- Type of  
Collateral 
Exchange 
Agreement: 
[Collateral 
Exchange 
Agreement 
- 
[Two 
Way 
Transfer]/[One Way Transfer Securities Lending][Triparty 
Transfer: the Triparty Services Agent is: [specify]] 
(g)
Early Redemption 
Events:  
[The following Early Redemption Event[s] will apply to the 
Securities: 
[Adjusted Asset Redemption Event;] 
[Annex Early Redemption Event;] 
[Asset Payment Default Event;] 
[Asset Default Event;] 
[Asset Redemption Event;] 
29
Insert reference to paragraph 11(vi) of Part B where relevant counterparty constitutes an obligor for the purposes of item 2.2.11(b) 
of Annex 19 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980

--- Page 312 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 312 - 
[Asset Payment Shortfall Event;] 
[CDS Credit Event;] 
[MTM Trigger Redemption Event;] 
[RCA Change in Law Event;] 
[RCA Call Event;] 
[RCA Interest Deferral or Reduction Event;] 
[RCA Makewhole Event;] 
[RCA Payment Default Event;] 
[RCA Principal Deferral or Reduction Event;] 
[RCA Regulatory Event;] 
[RCA Repudiation/Moratorium Event;] 
[RCA Restructuring Event;] 
[RCA Tax Event;] 
[RCA Issuer Bankruptcy Event;] 
[RCA Issuer/Parent Bankruptcy Event;] 
[RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event;] 
[RCA Issuer/Parent Restructuring Event;] 
[RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental Intervention Event;] 
[RCA Issuer/Parent Obligation Acceleration Event;] 
[RCA Issuer/Parent Repudiation/Moratorium Event;] 
[RCA Issuer Bond Failure to Pay Event;] 
[RCA Issuer Bond Restructuring Event;] 
[Related Agreement Termination Event;]  
[RCA Non-Call Event] 
[Standard Early Redemption Event;] 
[Obligor Early Redemption Event;] [and] 
[Other Early Redemption Event;] 
[will apply in respect to the following RCA Reference 
Entity[ies]/:[Specify][Include wording listing the relevant 
Early Redemption Events from list above where different 
Early Redemption Events apply to different RCA Reference

--- Page 313 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 313 - 
Entities.] 
[Standard 
Early 
Redemption][Par 
Early 
Redemption][Makewhole Early Redemption][Accrual Par 
Early Redemption] will apply [in respect of a RCA 
Makewhole Event] [and] [in respect of a RCA Call Event].  
[Specify as applicable]. [RCA Early Call Event – Partial 
Redemption is applicable [in respect of a RCA Makewhole 
Event] [and] [in respect of a RCA Call Event]] [Specify as 
applicable]].  [Alternative Interest Rate is equal to [●].]  
[Delete if RCA Early Call Event does not apply]  
[In respect of the RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental 
Intervention 
Event, 
the 
CoCo 
Supplement 
will 
apply.][Trigger Percentage: [●][As specified in Annex 12 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value 
Repack 
Securities)][Delete 
if 
RCA 
Issuer/Parent 
Governmental Intervention Event does not apply or if not 
applicable] 
[Financial Entity Terms are applicable] (delete if not 
applicable) 
 (Only include prompts below if NTCE Provisions 
amendments are to be disapplied) 
[NTCE Provisions: Not applicable 
[Fallback Discounting: Not applicable] 
[Credit Deterioration Requirement: Not applicable]] (Delete 
if not applicable or if no Obligor Early Redemption Events 
are applicable)] 
[Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Terms 
are 
applicable](delete if not applicable)  
[Suspension 
of 
Payments 
is 
[applicable][not 
applicable]](delete if not applicable or Standard Early 
Redemption Event is applicable and Suspension of 
Payments is applicable) [The Suspension Period is [●]. 
(Delete unless Suspension Period is different from as set out 
in the Conditions)]] 
[Adjusted Asset Redemption Event:  
[RCA Call Date: [specify]](delete if not applicable) 
[RCA Maturity Call is applicable](delete if RCA Maturity 
Call is not applicable) [and Par Redemption is applicable 
where the Par Redemption Period is [●]](delete if Par 
Redemption is not applicable)]]  
(Delete if Adjusted Asset Redemption Event is not 
applicable)]

--- Page 314 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 314 - 
[RCA Payment Default Event: No Grace Period is 
applicable] (Delete if RCA Payment Default Event is not 
applicable or a grace period is to apply)] 
[Scheduled Redemption Date: [specify]] (Insert where 
Obligor Early Redemption Event is applicable or one of the 
Early Redemption Events included in the definition of 
Obligor Early Redemption Event is applicable. Delete if not 
applicable)
(h)
Event Trigger Date: 
[As set out in Collateral Linked Condition 1] [specify] 
(i)
RCA Reference 
Entity: 
[RCA Issuer;] 
[RCA Parent;] [and] 
[RCA Guarantor;]  
(j)
Terms relating to 
Settlement: 
Collateral Physical Settlement is [not] applicable [in respect 
of [●]] (Specify if Collateral Physical Settlement is only 
applicable to certain Early Redemption Events).  [Collateral 
Sale is applicable in respect of [a RCA Call Event][a RCA 
Makewhole Event][and][an [Adjusted] Asset Redemption 
Event][The Delivery Date is [●]] (Specify if other than the 
Early Redemption Date) [NB. Also complete paragraph 61 
below where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities 
and physical delivery applies on the Maturity Date. ] 
(k)
RCA Merger 
Event(s): 
[Collateral Linked Condition 3.9 is applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[Delete remainder of paragraph if not applicable] 
[Merger Type: [RCA Reference Entity/Holder Merger] 
[RCA Reference Entity/Issuer/Guarantor Merger] 
(l)
Reference 
Obligation(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(Delete remainder of paragraph if not applicable) 
(A) 
Non 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation
s: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete this section if not applicable) 
- Primary 
Obligor: 
[●]  
- Guarantor: 
[●]

--- Page 315 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 315 - 
- Maturity: 
[●] 
- Coupon: 
[●] 
- CUSIP/ISIN: 
[●] 
- Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level] [Subordinated Level][●][Not applicable] 
- Original Issue 
Amount 
[●] 
Paragraph (a) of "Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation" applies(.] [Delete if not applicable or if 
Reference Obligation above is an obligation of the RCA 
Reference Entity] 
(B) 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation
s: 
[Applicable, being as at the Trade Date, the obligation 
specified below/Not applicable/[●]  
(Delete this section if not applicable) 
[[with respect to [●]: (Delete if single RCA Reference Entity, 
specify in respect of each entity if multiple RCA Reference 
Entities)]: 
[Standard Reference Obligation as of the date of Final 
Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in Final Terms for 
information) 
Primary Obligor: [●] 
Guarantor: [●] 
Maturity: [●] 
Coupon: [●] 
CUSIP/ISIN: [●] 
Original Issue Amount: [●] 
(m)
Default  
Requirement: 
[Specify]/[Not applicable] [Specify not applicable if 
Transaction Type is specified] 
(n)
Payment 
Requirement: 
[Specify]/[Not applicable] [Specify not applicable if 
Transaction Type is specified] 
(o)
Transaction Type: 
[Specify] [Not applicable] [Standard North American 
Corporate][Standard 
European 
Corporate][Standard 
European Financial Corporate][Standard European CoCo 
Financial Corporate][Standard European Senior Non-
Preferred Financial Corporate][Standard Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Corporate][Standard 
Emerging 
European Corporate LPN][Standard Emerging European 
Corporate][Standard 
Latin 
America 
Corporate 
BL]

--- Page 316 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 316 - 
[Standard Australia [Financial] Corporate][Standard New 
Zealand [Financial] Corporate][Standard Japan [Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard Asia [Financial] Corporate][Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate][Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign][Standard Latin America Sovereign][Standard 
Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign][Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign][Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign][Standard Japan Sovereign][Standard Singapore 
Sovereign][Standard Asia Sovereign][Standard Sukuk 
Sovereign][Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and 
Credit][Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund][Standard 
U.S. Municipal Revenue] [specify] 
(q)
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level] [Subordinated Level][●][Not applicable] 
(r)
MTM Trigger 
Redemption Event: 
[Swap MTM Event] [Reference Securities MTM Event] 
[Securities 
MTM 
Event] 
[Applicable 
/ 
Not 
applicable][Delete remaining sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable] 
- MTM Trigger 
Valuation 
Method: 
[Calculation Agent Valuation] [Dealer Poll Valuation] 
-  Collateral 
Trigger 
Percentage: 
[[●] per cent.] 
60.
Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(i)
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Final Redemption Amount] 
[Calculation Amount x [specify] per cent.] 
[Liquidation Proceeds][Liquidation Proceeds/No Unwind 
Costs] 
[ERE 
Force 
Majeure/No 
Unwind 
Costs] 
[Liquidation Proceeds/Fair Market Value] [Specify if 
different Early Redemption Amounts apply to different 
Early 
Redemption 
Events][Highest 
Value][Market 
Value][Monetisation Option][Liquidation Proceeds Cap: 
not applicable][Specify] [As set out in Collateral Linked 
Condition 1[:][Alternative Early Redemption Amount [is 
applicable] [in respect of the following Early Redemption 
Events: [specify]]] [Physical Delivery is applicable] [in 
respect of the following Early Redemption Events][Specify 
if Physical Delivery only applies to certain Early 
Redemption Events][Settlement Disruption Event is 
applicable] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [●] per cent. of the Specified 
Denomination]

--- Page 317 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 317 - 
(ii)
Swap Counterparty optional 
termination - Call option 
(Condition 7(f) and 
Condition 8(h)(i)): 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(If applicable, specify dates on which the Swap 
Counterparty may opt to terminate the Swap Agreement and 
on what notice to the Issuer) 
(iii)
Swap Counterparty optional 
termination - Repurchase 
(Condition 8(h)(ii)): 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Initial Condition Precedent: Applicable (delete remaining 
text below if not applicable) 
[Acquiring Party: [●]] (Complete where different from as 
specified in Condition 8(h)(ii)) 
[Additional Proceeds Amount: [●]] (delete if not 
applicable)
[Additional Proceeds Payer: Alternative Additional 
Proceeds Payer is applicable] (delete if not applicable) 
[Initial Condition Precedent Date: [●]] (Complete where 
different from as specified in Condition 8(h)(ii)) 
[Initial Condition Precedent Time: [●]] (Insert where 
different from as specified in Condition 8(h)(ii)) 
[Initial Remittance: Full Proceeds/Partial Proceeds](delete 
if not applicable)] 
(iv)
Early Redemption Events: 
[See paragraph 59 above] [Insert where Annex 12 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value 
Repack Securities) applies]
[Suspension of payments is applicable.] [If applicable:
[Suspension Period is [specify]] [Do not insert where Annex 
12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value 
Repack Securities) applies and complete paragraph 59 
instead] 
(a)
Asset Payment 
Default Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(b)
Asset Default 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(c)
Asset Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(d)
Asset Payment 
Shortfall Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(e)
Compartment Tax 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(f)
Related Agreement 
Termination Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 318 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 318 - 
(g)
Annex Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(h)
Compartment 
Change in Law 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(i)
Reference 
Securities 
Restructuring 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(j)
Reference 
Securities 
Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(k)
Charged Asset 
Repudiation / 
Moratorium Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(l)
Charged Assets 
Issuer Bankruptcy 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(m)
Reference 
Securities 
Impossibility 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable][Initial Reference Security 
Purchase Date[(s)]:[Specify] (Delete if not applicable)  
(n)
Regulatory Ratio 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable][Regulatory Ratio Event -SNP 
is applicable](Specify if applicable) 
(v)
Redemption for taxation and 
other reasons: 
(a)
Condition 
7(m)(i) 
(Redemption 
of 
Notes for taxation 
reasons): 
[Applicable][Not applicable][Specify notice period(s) for 
redemption for the purposes of Condition 7(m)(i)] 
(b)
Condition 7(m)(ii) 
(Illegality): 
[Applicable][Not applicable] [Specify notice period(s) for 
redemption for the purposes of Condition 7(m)(ii)] 
(vi)
Maturity Date Extension: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[if Maturity Date Extension is applicable, specify the 
Extended Maturity Date and whether interest will accrue on 
the Notes to the Extended Maturity Date] 
[if Maturity Date Extension is applicable, specify whether 
"Sale of Assets" is applicable or not applicable] 
(vii)
Swap Termination Without 
Redemption: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] [

--- Page 319 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 319 - 
61.
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery:30
[Applicable – [Physical Settlement applies]/Physical 
Delivery 
Option 
[1/2/3]/Not 
applicable] 
[Physical 
Settlement upon [Physical Delivery Event][,] [and] [Early 
Redemption Event] [and Acceleration] applies.] [Settlement 
Disruption Event is applicable.] 
(i)
Entitlement in relation to 
each Note: 
[The Entitlement Amount in relation to each Note is:
[Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[NA: [specify]] 
Redemption Payout: [specify] 
SPS Valuation Date: [specify]] 
[Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying applicable: 
[Replicate formula from Payout Condition 1] 
[NA: [specify]] 
Redemption Payout: [specify] 
SPS Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
[Delivery of the Underlying applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[Delivery of Basket Underlying: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1.]] 
[NA: [Specify]] 
[Delivery of Accumulator Underlying: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1.]] 
[NA: [Specify]]Redemption Payout: [specify] 
SPS Valuation Date: [specify]] 
[As set out in Condition 7(w)(iv) [and] [Condition12(b)] 
(ii)
Relevant Asset(s): 
[As specified above]/The relevant asset to which the Notes 
relate [is/are] [specify].[Not applicable] [As per [Condition 
30
Not applicable to Commodity Linked Notes or Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 320 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 320 - 
7(w)(iv)] [and] [Condition 12(b)]  
(iii)
Cut-Off Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(iv)
Settlement Business Day(s): 
[specify] 
(v)
Delivery Agent: 
[Not applicable/specify]] 
(vi)
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery Notes 
- Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is applicable to certain 
Share or ETI Linked Notes. Careful consideration should be 
given to whether Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity would 
apply to other Physical Delivery Notes) 
(vii)
Aggregation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(viii)
Rounding and Residual 
Amount: 
[As per Payout Condition 1.4(f)(i)]/[Delivery of Basket 
Underlying]/[Delivery of Accumulator Underlying]]/[Not 
applicable] 
(ix)
Physical Delivery Events: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[The following Physical Delivery Events are applicable: 
[Reference Securities Restructuring Event;]  
[Reference Securities Regulatory Event; and]  
[Regulatory Ratio Delivery Event.]  
62.
Hybrid Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
(i) The Notes are linked to each of the types of Underlying 
Reference (each a "Type of Underlying Reference") 
set out in the table below.  The terms and conditions 
of the Notes will be construed on the basis that in 
respect of each separate Type of Underlying 
Reference, the relevant terms applicable to each such 
separate Type of Underlying Reference will apply, as 
the context admits, separately and independently in 
respect of the relevant Type of Underlying Reference[, 
subject as provided in (ii) below]. 
[Include each Type of Underlying Reference] 
Type of Underlying Reference 
[●] 
[See item [●]]

--- Page 321 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 321 - 
[●] 
[See item [●]] 
[●] 
[See item [●]] 
(ii) Hybrid Business Day [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
"Hybrid Business Day" means a day which is a 
Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the relevant 
Annex and completed in the applicable Final Terms) 
for each Type of Underlying Reference specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
[If Hybrid Business Day is applicable, each date for 
valuation (e.g. valuation date, averaging date, 
observation date etc.) which is the subject of the 
Hybrid Securities provisions should be expressed to be 
"[●] or if that is not a Hybrid Business Day the 
immediately [succeeding/preceding] Hybrid Business 
Day"]] 
63.
Variation of Settlement and Issuer’s 
Option to Substitute: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Issuer's option to vary 
settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary settlement 
in respect of the Notes. 
(ii)
Variation of Settlement of 
Physical Delivery Notes: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Notes are Physical 
Delivery Notes, the Issuer may make payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date and the 
provisions of Condition 6(b)(ii)(B) will apply to the 
Notes./The Issuer will procure delivery of the Entitlement 
in respect of the Notes and the provisions of Condition 
6(b)(ii)(B) will not apply to the Notes.] 
(iii)
Issuer's option to substitute: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
COMPARTMENT ASSETS AND SECURITY 
64.
Description of Compartment: 
Compartment [ ][specify 
number/designation]] 
[Compartment [●] is a Multi-Series Compartment, in 
respect of which at any time more than one Series of Related 
Notes may be outstanding] [delete if Compartment is not a 
Multi-Series Compartment] 
[[In the case of a Series of Notes in respect of which one or 
more Series of Related Notes may be outstanding from time 
to time:] 
If, at the time of any enforcement of the Compartment 
Security pursuant to Condition 12 (Enforcement and 
Realisation), one or more Series of Related Notes (as 
defined in Condition 11(a)(iii) is outstanding, holders of

--- Page 322 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 322 - 
the Notes to which these Final Terms apply and the 
holders of such Related Notes will share equally and 
rateably in any Charged Assets in accordance with the 
Order of Priority specified below. 
[As at the Issue Date, there are not any Series of Related 
Notes outstanding for this Compartment.][As at the date of 
the Final Terms, there are [●] Series of Related Notes 
outstanding for this Compartment] [Insert and complete as 
applicable if Compartment is a Multi-Series Compartment.] 
[Compartment Asset Coverage Test: Applicable and 
[Compartment 
Asset 
Coverage 
Market 
Value]/[Compartment Asset Coverage Nominal Value] is 
applicable. 
[Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage [●] per cent. 
[specify if other than 100 per cent.][Compartment Asset 
Coverage Market Value Percentage is applicable.] [Delete 
if not applicable] 
[Delete if Compartment Asset Coverage Test is not 
applicable or the Compartment is not a Multi-Series 
Compartment]]
(i)
Legal nature of the Charged 
Assets: 
As set out in Condition 8(c)(i)[(A)][(B)][(C)] (Specify as 
applicable)  
[The Related Agreements are: 
–
[the Swap Agreement] [specify for all applicable 
Charged Asset Structures] 
–
[the Deposit Agreement] [specify if Charged Asset 
Structure 1 or 3 is applicable] 
–
[the Repurchase Agreement] [specify if Charged 
Asset Structure 7 is applicable].  
–
[the Collateral Exchange Agreement] [specify if one 
of the Collateral Exchange Structures is applicable]] 
[The Compartment Assets are the Reference Securities 
specified in paragraph 11 of Part B] [The Compartment 
Assets are the assets specified in paragraph 11 of Part B] 
[specify if one of Charged Asset Structures 2, 5 or 6 is 
applicable] [The Compartment Assets are the Reference 
Securities specified in paragraph 59 of Part A] [specify if 
one of Charged Asset Structures 5 or 6 is applicable and 
Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional 
Value Repack Securities) is applicable][The Related 
Agreement[s] [is][are] as set out in paragraph 59(iv) of Part 
A] [Insert where Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Notional Value Repack Securities) is

--- Page 323 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 323 - 
applicable] 
[In the case of a Series of Notes in respect of which one or 
more Series of Related Notes may be outstanding from time 
to time, insert description of new Compartment Assets to be 
included in the Compartment in connection with the issue of 
this Series of Notes:
The Compartment Assets are the Reference Securities 
specified in paragraph 11 of Part B] [The Compartment 
Assets are the assets specified in paragraph 11 of Part B] 
[specify if one of Charged Asset Structures 2, 5 or 6 is 
applicable] [The Compartment Assets are the Reference 
Securities specified in paragraph 59 of Part A] [specify if 
one of Charged Asset Structures 5 or 6 is applicable and 
Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional 
Value Repack Securities) is applicable][The Related 
Agreement[s] [is][are] as set out in paragraph 59 (iv) of Part 
A] [Insert where Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Notional Value Repack Securities) is 
applicable](the 
"Specified 
Compartment 
Assets"), 
together with the "Specified Compartment Assets" set out 
in the applicable Final Terms for each Series of Related 
Notes outstanding from time to time] 
[NB: The assets which can constitute Compartment Assets 
for a Series of Notes issued through a Multi-Series 
Compartment must be consistent for each Series of Related 
Notes] 
(ii)
Counterparties to Related 
Agreement(s): 
–
[The counterparty to the Swap Agreement is [BNP 
Paribas][BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV][BNP Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C.](the "Swap Counterparty")] 
[and] 
–
[The counterparty to the Repurchase Agreement is 
[BNP Paribas]/[BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.] (the 
"Repo Counterparty").] 
–
[The counterparty to the Collateral Exchange 
Agreement 
is 
[BNP 
Paribas]/[BNP 
Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C.] (the "Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty").] 
[See paragraph 59 (iv) of Part A] [Insert where Annex 12 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value 
Repack Securities) is applicable] 
[See paragraph 11(vi) of Part B for details of the [Swap 
Counterparty]/[Collateral 
Exchange 
Counterparty]/[Deposit Counterparty]31
31
Insert reference to paragraph 11(vi) of Part B where relevant counterparty constitutes an obligor for the purposes of item 2.2.11(b) 
of Annex 19 of the Prospectus Regulation

--- Page 324 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 324 - 
(iii)
Compartment Account: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(iv)
Cash Manager: 
[Applicable 
– 
BNP 
Paribas 
Securities 
Services, 
Luxembourg 
Branch/[BNP 
Paribas, 
Succursale 
de 
Luxembourg]/ Not applicable] 
(v)
Account Bank: 
[Applicable 
– 
BNP 
Paribas 
Securities 
Services, 
Luxembourg 
Branch/[BNP 
Paribas, 
Succursale 
de 
Luxembourg]/ Not applicable.] 
(vi)
Custodian: 
[Applicable 
– 
BNP 
Paribas 
Securities 
Services, 
Luxembourg 
Branch/[BNP 
Paribas, 
Succursale 
de 
Luxembourg]/ Not applicable.] 
(vii)
Sub-Custodian in relation to 
the Compartment Assets:   
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
65.
Compartment Security for the Notes 
is "Charged Assets charged to 
Trustee; 
additional 
foreign 
law 
security": 
[Applicable / Not applicable]
66.
Compartment Assets substitution by 
Swap Counterparty (pursuant to 
Condition 8(f)):  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(i)
Permitted 
currency 
of 
securities to be substituted 
for the Compartment Assets 
(pursuant 
to 
Condition 
8(f)(i)): 
[Specify currency]
(ii)
Eligible 
Compartment 
Assets Issuer: 
[Identify any Eligible Compartment Assets Issuer for the 
purposes of Condition 8(f) including its name, address, 
country of incorporation, nature of its business and 
confirmation that it has securities admitted to trading on a 
regulated or equivalent market or has obligations 
guaranteed by an entity admitted to trading on a regulated 
or equivalent market.]
(iii)
Alternative 
Substitution 
(Condition 8(f)(ii)): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(iv)
Delivery or payment of the 
securities, 
obligations 
or 
cash 
which 
may 
be 
substituted 
for 
the 
Compartment Assets to the 
Custodian by (if not Swap 
Counterparty): 
(Condition 
8(f)): 
[Counterparty] 
(v)
Substitution Notification: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
67.
Compartment 
Assets 
substitution 
[Credit 
Support 
Annex 
/ 
Credit 
Support

--- Page 325 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 325 - 
under a Credit Support Annex/Credit 
Support Deed/Pledge: delivery or 
payment of securities, obligations or 
cash by (if not Swap Counterparty) 
(Condition 8(g)):   
Deed/Pledge][Counterparty] 
68.
Order of Priority: The order of 
priority of payments made by the 
Issuer to the holders of the class of 
securities in question: 
[Swap 
Counterparty 
Priority][Pari 
Passu 
Ranking][Noteholder Priority] 
[If one or more Series of Related Notes may be outstanding 
at any time in respect of the Compartment, the Order of 
Priority must be the same for the Notes and each Series of 
Related Notes] 
OTHER PROVISIONS 
69.
Issuer Substitution: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
70.
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Days: 
[Not applicable/specify] (Note that this paragraph relates to 
the date of payment and not the end dates of interest periods 
for the purposes of calculating the amount of interest to 
which sub-paragraph 28 relates. All relevant Financial 
Centre(s) (including the location of the relevant agent(s)) 
should be included other than TARGET2) 
71.
Talons 
for 
future Coupons 
or 
Receipts to be attached to definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.] 
72.
Details relating to Notes redeemable 
in instalments: amount of each 
instalment, date on which each 
payment is to be made: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
[The Notes are redeemable in instalments and [Instalment 
Adjustment]/[OCA Instalment Adjustment is applicable/not 
applicable] 
(i)
[Instalment Amounts: 
[specify] 
[Instalment Percentage: [●] per cent.] 
(ii)
Instalment Dates: 
[specify]] 
73.
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 19 apply] 
74.
Calculation Agent: 
Calculation Agent address for the 
purpose of the Noteholder Account 
Information Notice: 
[BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.]/[BNP Paribas][Specify 
other] 
[specify] 
75.
Additional U.S. Federal income tax 
considerations: 
[insert details]/[Not applicable]/[The Notes are [not] 
Specified Securities (as defined in the Base Prospectus) for 
the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986.][The Securities may be Specified Securities

--- Page 326 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 326 - 
for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986.  If the Securities are Specified 
Securities, 
then 
the 
following 
provisions 
will 
apply.][Additional information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to the Notes will be available at [give name 
and addresses of relevant contact][The Issuer will arrange 
for withholding under Section 871(m) to be imposed on any 
dividend equivalent payment at a rate of 30 per cent.]  
(If the Securities are Specified Securities, include the 
"Additional information" sentence and provide the 
appropriate contact information at the Issuer. N.B. Include 
the option above, completed as appropriate, where (a) the 
Securities do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise provide 
direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities or (b) the Section 
871(m) determination has been made by the time the Final 
Terms are finalised (in which case, the determination will 
have been made either (i) on the pricing date, if this falls 14 
days or fewer before the issue date or (ii) on the issue date, 
if the pricing date falls more than 14 days before the issue 
date. Otherwise, include the following option, completed as 
appropriate: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not 
determined whether the Securities are Specified Securities 
for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that they 
will [not] be Specified Securities for these purposes.  This 
is indicative information only subject to change and if 
the Issuer’s final determination is different then it will 
give notice of such determination.  Please contact [give 
name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for further 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to 
the Securities.]] 
(The Securities will not be Specified Securities if they (i) are 
issued prior to 1 January 2023 and provide a return that 
differs significantly from the return on an investment in the 
underlying (i.e. they are not "delta-one" securities for U.S. 
tax purposes) or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any 
index that contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the 
Securities reference a U.S. equity or an index that contains 
a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or 
indirect exposure to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 
1 January 2023 and provide a return that does not differ 
significantly from the return on an investment in the 
underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 1 January 2023, 
further analysis would be required.)  
[Payments on the Specified Securities are calculated by 
reference to [Net Dividends/Net Total Returns]. By 
purchasing a Specified Security, the parties agree that in

--- Page 327 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 327 - 
calculating the relevant payment amount the Issuer may 
withhold, and the purchaser is deemed to have received 30 
per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined 
in Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended) in respect of the relevant [U.S. 
securities/U.S. dividend paying index components]. The 
Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on 
account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
[For this purpose, "Net Dividends" means the dividends 
paid by an issuer of a security net of 30 per cent. U.S. federal 
withholding tax.] 
[For this purpose "Net Total Returns" means the net total 
return of the U.S source dividend paying components, as 
calculated by the Index Sponsor, of an index that reinvests 
U.S. source dividends paid by an issuer of a security that is 
a component of the index net of 30 per cent. U.S 
withholding tax on such U.S. source dividends.]]
DISTRIBUTION
76.
Date of [Subscription Agreement]:32 
[specify] 
77.
Name [and address]33 of Dealer: 
[specify] 
78.
Total commission and concession:34 
[specify] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
79.
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining placeholders of this paragraph and paragraph 9 
of Part B)35
(i)
Non-exempt 
Offer 
Jurisdictions: 
[specify relevant Member State(s) where the Issuer intends 
to make Non-exempt Offers (select from the list of Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdictions in the Base Prospectus) - which 
must be jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to the 
jurisdiction where approved and published)] 
(ii)
Offer Period: 
[specify date, and if applicable, time] until [and 
including][specify date (and if applicable, time) or a 
formula such as "the Issue Date" or "the date which falls 
[specify] Business Days thereafter"] [subject to any early 
closing] /[From (and including) the Issue Date until (and 
including) the date on which the Notes are delisted]. 
(iii)
Financial 
intermediaries 
granted specific consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in 
[insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] 
32
Delete, if minimum denomination is less than EUR100,000 (or is equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) and if the 
Notes are not Derivative Securities. 
33
Delete if minimum denomination is EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) and if the Notes 
are not Derivative Securities. 
34
Delete if minimum denomination is EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date) and if the Notes 
are not Derivative Securities. 
35
Specify Not applicable if minimum denomination is EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency).

--- Page 328 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 328 - 
accordance 
with 
the 
Conditions in it: 
80.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors: 
(i)
Selling Restriction: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[The Securities are only intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to investors via the professional 
segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.]36
(ii)
Legend: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]
(iii)
[Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ______________________ 
Duly authorised 
By: ______________________ 
Duly authorised 
36
Include if the Securities are intended to be listed and admitted to trading on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.

--- Page 329 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 329 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
Listing and Admission to trading – 
[De-listing] 
(i)
Listing: 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Official List/Specify 
other/None] 
(ii)
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [the professional segment of the] 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market/ [the 
professional segment of the] Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's Euro MTF Market/Specify other] [with effect 
from [specify]].] [Not applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original [Notes] are already admitted to trading)] 
(iii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related 
to 
admission 
to 
trading: 
[specify] 
(iv)
De-listing: 
[Not applicable][The de-listing of the Notes on the 
[exchange/regulated market] specified above shall occur 
on [specify], subject to any change to such [date/period] 
by such [exchange/regulated market] or any competent 
authorities, for which the Issuer [and the Guarantor] shall 
under no circumstances be liable]. 
2.
Ratings 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated [insert details] by [insert legal name of relevant 
credit rating agency entity(ies)].] 
[The Notes have not been rated.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider: 
[●] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Securities of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)]] 
EITHER [[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA 
entity] is established in the European Union and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended). [As such [insert the legal name of the relevant 
CRA entity] is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets

--- Page 330 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 330 - 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation.] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and is not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU CRA entity] is therefore not included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in accordance with such Regulation.] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). The 
ratings have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of 
the relevant EU CRA entity] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA 
entity] is established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. [As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity] is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] The European 
Securities Markets Authority has indicated that ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the United Kingdom 
(delete as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that 
applied for registration] may be used in the EU, by the 
relevant market participants.] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"), but it 
[is]/[has applied to be] certified in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation[[ [EITHER:] and it is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation] [ [OR:] although 
notification of the corresponding certification decision 
has not yet been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU CRA entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding

--- Page 331 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 331 - 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority [ and [insert 
the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
in accordance with such Regulation].] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). 
However, the application for registration under the CRA 
Regulation of [insert the legal name of the relevant EU 
CRA entity that applied for registration], which is 
established in the European Union disclosed the intention 
to endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU CRA entity][, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant EU 
CRA entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation].] The European Securities Markets 
Authority 
has 
indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the United Kingdom 
(delete as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that 
applied for registration] may be used in the EU by the 
relevant market participants.]
3.
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer]
[Not applicable] [Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting interest, that 
is material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.] 
[Save [for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to [insert name of Authorised 
Offeror] and] as discussed [in the "Potential Conflicts of Interest" paragraph in the "Risk Factors" 
section in the Base Prospectus], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] 
of the Notes has an interest material to the [issue/offer."]] 
4.
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses
(i)
Reasons for the issue/offer 
See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus]/[give 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus. If 
reasons for issue/offer are different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, give details.) 
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds: 
[specify][Not applicable.]
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds

--- Page 332 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 332 - 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
(iii)
Estimated total expenses: 
[specify] [Expenses are required to be broken down into 
each principal intended "use" and presented in order or 
priority of such "uses".]1 [Not applicable.]
5.
Yield
Indication of yield: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
6.
Floating Rate Notes only – Performance of Rates
[Not 
applicable]
[Details 
of 
performance 
of 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON/TONA/other rate as specified in the
Conditions/] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from [Reuters][Bloomberg]/give details 
of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance.]2
7.
Performance of Index/ Share/ Commodity/ Inflation/ Foreign Exchange Rate/ Fund/ 
Reference Entity/ Entities/ ETI Interest/ Formula and Other Information concerning the 
Underlying Reference or Reference Rate
[Not applicable] [Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of 
the index/formula/other variables can be obtained.] [If there is a derivative component or complex 
derivative in the interest or redemption amount, an example of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the value of the underlying or nature of the securities may be included][Information on 
past and future performance and volatility of [specify underlying] can be obtained [but not] free of 
charge, from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance].
[Where the underlying is an index need to include the name of the index and details of where the 
information about the index can be obtained.  NB:  The Securities may not be linked to an index 
composed by the Issuer or by any entity belonging to the same group as the Issuer.] 
[Where the underlying is a security need to include the name of the issuer of the security and the 
ISIN (International Security Identification Number) or other such security identification code] 
[Include where the Securities reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or 
recommend any products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance transaction information [specify what information will 
be reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance transaction 
information]. 
8.
Operational information   
(i)
ISIN Code: 
[specify]
(ii)
Common Code: 
[specify]
1
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as 
of the Issue Date). 
2
Not required for debt securities with a denomination per unit of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as 
of the Issue Date).

--- Page 333 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 333 - 
(iii)
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
approved by the Issuer and 
the Issuing and Paying Agent 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s) and 
address(es): 
[Not applicable/give name(s), number(s) and address(es)]
(iv)
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v)
Additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[Not applicable/give name]
9.
Non-exempt Offers
[Applicable][Not applicable]3
(i)
Authorised Offeror: 
[Not applicable][Specify identity of any Authorised 
Offeror(s)(including LEIs)][See paragraph 79 of Part A 
above] 
(ii)
Offer Period: 
[specify] to [specify] [See paragraph 79 of Part A above] 
(Should be from the date of publication of the Final Terms 
to a specified date or a formula such as "the Issue Date" 
or "the date which falls [specify] Business Days 
thereafter".) 
(iii)
Offer Price: 
[[specify][●] per cent. of the Issue Price (of which 
[[selling] fees] and [commissions] of [●] of [●] [the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount] shall be retained by [the 
Authorised Offeror[s]] [and a [maximum] amount of [●] 
per cent. is represented by commissions payable to the 
Authorised Offeror[s].] 
[The Issuer has offered the Notes to the Managers at the 
initial issue price of [specify] less a total commission of 
[specify]. OR (where the price is not determined at the 
date of the Final Terms) The issue price of the Notes will 
be determined by the Issuer and the [Managers] on or 
about [
] in accordance with market conditions then 
prevailing, including [supply and demand for the Notes 
and other similar securities] [and] [the then current market 
price of [insert relevant benchmark security, if any].]
(iv)
Conditions to which the offer 
is subject: 
[Offers of the Notes are conditional on their issue [and on 
any additional conditions set out in the standard terms of 
business of the Authorised Offerors, notified to investors 
by such relevant Authorised Offeror]] 
[Article 30] of [Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998], as amended from time to time (the 
"Italian Financial Services Act") permits the promotion 
and placement to the public in the Republic of Italy of 
3
This item is not applicable if the minimum denomination is at least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency).

--- Page 334 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 334 - 
financial instruments in a place other than the registered 
office or establishments of the issuer, offeror or appointed 
person carrying out such promotion and/or placement, 
under certain conditions.  Such activity is referred in the 
Italian Financial Services Act as "door-to-door selling".  
Pursuant to paragraph 6 of Article 30 of the Italian 
Financial Services Act, all door-to-door selling of 
financial instruments must be accompanied by a clear 
indication to investors that they have a right of withdrawal 
from any contract entered into pursuant to door-to-door 
selling, exercisable within a period of seven days from the 
date of subscription by the investor. Within such period, 
contracts entered into pursuant to door-to-door selling 
shall not be enforceable, and investors may exercise their 
withdrawal right without payment of any charge or 
commission by contacting the offeror or appointed person 
with whom the subscription for Notes was placed.] [A 
non-exempt offer of Notes in the Republic of Italy may be 
made using door-to-door selling in accordance with 
Article 30 of the Italian Financial Services Act during the 
Offer Period.] [Further, Notes may be offered in the 
Republic of Italy to investors through recorded telephone 
orders pursuant to applicable Italian law.] 
(v)
Description 
of 
the 
application process: 
[Not applicable][Insert details]
(vi)
Details of the minimum 
and/or maximum amount of 
application: 
[Not applicable][Insert details] 
(vii)
Description of possibility to 
reduce subscriptions and 
manner 
for 
refunding 
amounts paid in excess  by 
applicants: 
[Not applicable][Insert details] 
(viii)
Details of the method and 
time limits for paying up and 
delivering the Notes: 
[Not applicable][Insert details][The Notes will be issued 
on the Issue Date against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys.  Investors will be notified by the 
relevant Authorised Offeror of their allocations of Notes 
and the settlement arrangements in respect thereof.]
(ix)
Manner and date in which 
results of the offers are to be 
made public: 
[Not applicable][Insert details if the issue is an "up to" 
issue] 
(x)
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not applicable][Insert details]

--- Page 335 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 335 - 
(xi)
[Categories 
of 
potential 
investors to which the Notes 
are offered:] 
[Not applicable][Insert details] 
(xii)
Process for notification to 
applicants of the amount 
allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not applicable][Insert details]
[No dealings in the Notes on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive 2014/65/EU may take place prior to the Issue 
Date.]
(xiii)
[Amount of any expenses 
and 
taxes 
specifically 
charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[
]]
(xiv)
[Name and address of the 
entities which have a firm 
commitment 
to 
act 
as 
intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity 
through bid and after rates 
and a description of the main 
terms of their commitment:] 
[None/give details (such as the maximum bid/offer spread 
of the offer price and the minimum unit amount per 
order)] 
10.
Placing and Underwriting45
(i)
[Name and address of the 
co-ordinator(s) of the global 
offer and of single parts of 
the offer:6
[specify]
(ii)
Name and address of any 
paying agents and depository 
agents in each country (in 
addition to the Issuing and 
Paying Agent): 
[specify]
(iii)
Entities 
agreeing 
to 
underwrite the issue on a 
firm commitment basis, and 
entities agreeing to place the 
issue 
without 
a 
firm 
commitment or under "best 
efforts" arrangements:7
[specify]
(iv)
When 
the 
underwriting 
agreement has been or will 
be reached:] 
[specify]
5
This item is not applicable if the minimum denomination is at least EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency). 
6
To the extent known to the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place. 
7
Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered.

--- Page 336 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 336 - 
11. 
Description of Charged Assets 
(i)
Charged Asset Structure: 
[Charged Asset Structure 1[A]/[B]]/[Charged Asset Structure 
2[A]/[B]]/[Charged Asset Structure 3]/[Charged Asset 
Structure 
4[A]/B]]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
5[A]/[B]/[C]/[D]/E]/[F][G][H]]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
6[A]/[B]/[C]/[D]/E]/[F]]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
7[A/[B]/[C]]/]]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
8[A/[B]] 
is 
applicable. 
(ii)
Amount of the Charged Assets: 
[specify] 
(iii)
Collateral Exchange Structure:  
[Collateral Exchange Structure 1]/[Collateral Exchange 
Structure 2]/[Collateral Exchange Structure 3][ is applicable] 
[Not applicable] 
Variable Information: 
Complete applicable items below: 
Margin Delivery Date: [specify]/delete if not applicable]. 
Minimum 
Transfer 
Amount: 
[specify]/delete 
if 
not 
applicable]. 
Exchange Value: [specify if amounts in addition to Value of 
Received Collateral is applicable]
Exchange Margin Calculation Value: [specify if amounts in 
addition to Value of Received Collateral is applicable]
Exchange Transaction Valuation Date: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable]. 
[Counterparty Net Payments is applicable] (Delete if not 
applicable) 
(iv)
Credit Support Structure: 
[Credit Support Structure 1]/[Credit Support Structure 
2]/[Credit Support Structure 3]/[Credit Support Structure 4] is 
applicable] [Not applicable] 
Complete applicable items below: 
Credit Support Valuation Agent: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable]. 
Margin Delivery Date: [specify]/delete if not applicable]. 
Minimum 
Transfer 
Amount: 
[specify]/delete 
if 
not 
applicable]. 
Over Collateralisation Level:[specify if other than 100%; 
otherwise delete]  
Repo Transaction Valuation Date: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable].

--- Page 337 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 337 - 
Support Percentage: [specify]/delete if not applicable]. 
Swap Agreement Valuation Date: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable]. 
Value:  [specify if other than market value; otherwise delete]  
Swap Counterparty Collateral: [specify (including valuation 
percentages, where applicable)]]  
Issuer Posted Collateral: [specify (including valuation 
percentages, where applicable)][delete if not applicable] 
[The Non Posting Period applicable [to the Issuer] [and] [the 
Swap Counterparty] is [specify] 
(v)
Loan to value ratio or level of 
collateralisation of the Charged 
Assets: 
[specify] 
(vi)
Where 
the 
Charged 
Assets 
comprise obligations of 5 or fewer 
obligors which are legal persons or 
where an obligor accounts for 20% 
or more of the Charged Assets, or 
where an obligor accounts for a 
material portion of the Charged 
Assets: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
[1][2][3][4][5][6][7][8]: 
[the counterparty to the Swap Agreement is [BNP 
Paribas][BNP 
Paribas 
Fortis 
SA/NV](the 
"Swap 
Counterparty").] 
[the counterparty to the Deposit Agreement is: [specify] (the 
"Deposit Counterparty").] 
[the counterparty to the Collateral Exchange Agreement is 
[specify] (the "Collateral Exchange Counterparty").] 
[the issuer of [identify applicable Reference Securities 
including legal nature eg type of interest payable (if any) 
whether securities are subordinated/secured etc.] (the 
"Reference Securities") is [specify] (the "Reference Security 
Issuer").] 
[the obligor in respect of [identify applicable Compartment 
Assets where Compartment Assets are other than Reference 
Securities including legal nature of asset] (the "Compartment 
Assets") is [specify] (the "Compartment Asset Obligor").] 
[An obligor (including the Deposit Counterparty, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Compartment Asset Obligor, the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty8 and the Reference Security Issuer, 
where applicable) must have securities already admitted to 
trading on a regulated or equivalent market or the obligations 
are guaranteed by an entity admitted to trading on a regulated 
or equivalent market. Insert the name, address, country of 
8
Insert references to relevant counterparties to Related Agreements here where relevant counterparty constitutes an obligor for the 
purposes of item 2.2.11(b) of Annex 19 of the Prospectus Regulation

--- Page 338 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 338 - 
incorporation, nature of business and name of the market in 
which its securities are admitted so far as the Issuer is aware 
and/or is able to ascertain from information published by the 
obligor(s)] 
(vii)
Any relationship that is material to 
the issue between the Issuer, 
guarantor 
(if 
applicable) 
and 
obligor under the Charged Assets: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable, provide details of the principal terms of that 
relationship] 
[specify[which is the [insert capacity/capacities] under the 
Notes]  
(viii) Charged 
Assets 
comprising 
obligations that are not admitted to 
trading 
on 
a 
regulated 
or 
equivalent market: 
[Applicable / Not applicable]9[where Reference Securities are 
BNP Paribas Fortis Eligible Collateral Securities specify "The 
Reference Securities are Eligible BNP Paribas Fortis 
Collateral Securities" [and specify the applicable type of 
interest (either fixed rate or zero coupon) and scheduled 
redemption date of the Reference Securities.] The Eligible 
BNP Paribas Fortis Collateral Currency is [EUR] [USD] 
[AUD] [CAD] [CHF] [DKK] [GBP] [JPY] [NOK] [NZD] 
[SEK].] 
[See paragraph entitled "Where the Charged Assets comprise 
obligations of 5 or fewer obligors which are legal persons or 
where an obligor accounts for 20% or more of the Charged 
Assets, or where an obligor accounts for a material portion of 
the Charged Assets" above where the applicable Charged 
Asset Structure is specified] 
(ix)
Charged Assets comprising equity 
securities or obligations that are 
admitted to trading on a regulated 
or equivalent market: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable, indicate the following: 
- a description of the securities; 
- a description of the market on which they are traded and 
electronic link to where documentation can found and where 
equity securities: including its date of establishment, how 
price information is published, an indication of daily trading 
volumes, information as to the standing of the market in the 
country and the name of the market's regulatory authority; 
- where equity securities the frequency with which prices of the 
relevant securities are published.] 
(Complete in conjunction with relevant provisions above) 
[See paragraph entitled "Where the Charged Assets comprise 
obligations of 5 or fewer obligors which are legal persons or 
where an obligor accounts for 20% or more of the Charged 
9
An obligor (including the Deposit Counterparty, the Swap Counterparty, the Compartment Asset Obligor, the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty  and the Reference Security Issuer, where applicable) must have securities already admitted to trading on a regulated 
or equivalent market or the obligations are guaranteed by an entity admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market.)

--- Page 339 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 339 - 
Assets, or where an obligor accounts for a material portion of 
the Charged Assets" above]  
(x)
Names, addresses and significant 
business 
activities 
of 
the 
originators of the Compartment 
Assets:  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable, provide details] 
(xi)
Name, address and significant 
business 
activities 
of 
the 
Calculation Agent, together with a 
summary 
of 
the 
Calculation 
Agent's 
responsibilities, 
its 
relationship with the originator or 
the creator of the assets forming 
the Charged Assets: 
[specify] 
(xii)
Names and addresses and brief 
description of the banks with 
which the main accounts relating 
to the Series are held: 
[specify] 
(xiii) Information 
concerning 
the 
obligor of the Charged Assets 
reproduced 
from 
a 
source 
published by a third party: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable: So far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information misleading.] 
(xiv)
Legal jurisdiction by which the 
Charged Assets are governed: 
[insert jurisdiction] 
(xv)
Expiry or maturity date(s) of the 
Charged Assets: 
[The Maturity Date/specify other date] 
12. 
[EU Benchmarks Regulation 
EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation: 
Article 
29(2) 
statement 
on 
benchmarks: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Notes are calculated 
by reference to The non-revised and non-seasonally adjusted 
Harmonised Consumer Price Index ex-Tobacco for the Euro 
area, published by published by the Index Sponsor, which 
[[is/are] 
provided 
by 
[[insert 
name[s] 
of 
the 
Administrator[s]]/[the [relevant] Administrator] [as, specified 
in the table below] (if more than one, specify in relation to each 
relevant Benchmark)]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [[insert name[s] of the 
Administrator[s]]/[the [relevant] Administrator[s]] [[is/are] 
[not included]/[[is/are] included] [as the case may be,]  in the 
register of Administrators and Benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
[("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the "BMR")] [, as 
specified in the table below]. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of the 
Benchmark[s]]/[the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] not fall

--- Page 340 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 340 - 
within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the 
BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR 
apply, such that the [relevant] Administrator is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration[, as specified in 
the table below].] [repeat as necessary or insert necessary 
information in a table below]] 
[Not applicable]] 
[Benchmark] [Administrator] [Register] [Other 
Information] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
13. 
[MiFID 
II 
Product 
Governance/Target 
Market 
Assessment 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes, taking into account the five categories in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by [ESMA]/[the European Securities 
and Markets Authority] on 5 February 2018, has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients], 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II")][MiFID II]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and 
(iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to 
retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] 
[portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") 
should 
take 
into 
consideration 
the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) 
and 
determining 
appropriate 
distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]].]

--- Page 341 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR NOTES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 341 - 
14. 
[UK 
MiFIR 
product 
governance/target 
market 
assessment 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Securities, taking into account the five categories in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by [the European Securities and 
Markets Authority]/[ESMA] on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit 
our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,] [and] 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA ("UK MiFIR") [and retail clients, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")]; [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Securities are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the Securities to retail clients are appropriate – [investment 
advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]].]

--- Page 342 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 342 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series (and/or Tranche, as the 
case may be) of Warrants issued under the Programme.  Placeholders are included as an aid to review and 
the Final Terms relating to any series of Warrants will be completed with such information from the Base 
Prospectus (including the applicable Terms and Conditions) as is applicable to such Warrants. References 
in the Base Prospectus (including in the applicable Terms and Conditions) to "the Securities" shall when 
replicated in these Final Terms be replaced with references to the Warrants.  
 [The [Base Prospectus [is valid to, and including, 22 September 2023 [and the] Issuer intends that the 
Base Prospectus [will be updated before expiry of its validity]/[will be updated on or around[●]] and, 
when approved, the updated Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]1
 [Date]  
SecurAsset S.A. 
acting through its Compartment [●] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 54930048RHLTJXAMT751 
Issue of [up to] [number of Warrants] [Title of Warrants] [Guaranteed by [BNP Paribas] on the terms 
set out herein] under its Secured Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under 
the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" in the Base Prospectus dated 22 September 2022 (the 
"Base Prospectus")[[,][ and] the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]2] and any[ further] 
supplements to the Base Prospectus published prior to the Issue Date (as defined below) (the 
"Supplement(s)")[ which together constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]3. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Warrants described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation") [and the applicable rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]]4 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus ([which includes the provisions of 
[Annex 1] [and] [Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Warrants,] [Annex 3 in the case of Share Linked 
Warrants,] [Annex 4 in the case of Debt Linked Warrants,] [Annex 5 in the case of Commodity Linked 
Warrants,] [Annex 6 in the case of Inflation Linked Warrants,] [Annex 7 in the case of Currency Linked 
Warrants,] [Annex 8 in the case of Fund Linked Warrants,] [Annex 9 in the case of Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Warrants] and [Annex 11 in the case of ETI Linked Warrants])5 and any Supplement(s); provided, 
however, that to the extent any such supplement (i) is published after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) 
provides for any change to the Conditions as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants" in the Base Prospectus, such change(s) shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the 
Warrants to which these Final Terms relate.  Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor (if applicable)] 
and the offer of the Warrants is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base 
Prospectus and any Supplement(s).  Prior to acquiring an interest in the Warrants described herein, 
prospective investors should read and understand the information provided in the Base Prospectus and any 
1
Please note that if, for any reason, the 2023 Base Prospectus is not approved, the offer period for such issues must cease upon the 
expiry of the validity of the 2022 Base Prospectus.  
2
Where applicable, include the date of any Supplements which have been published prior to the date of the Final Terms. 
3
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Warrants. 
4
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Warrants. 
5
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 343 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 343 - 
Supplement(s).  Copies of the Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and these Final Terms are available for 
inspection from the specified office of the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent [and on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)]7 [ and [●]].  A summary of the Warrants is annexed to these 
Final Terms. 
N.B. when using a post-1 July 2012 approved Base Prospectus to tap a previous issue under a previously 
approved Base Prospectus, the final terms in the post-1 July 2012 Base Prospectus may (and will if the 
previous issue was contemplated under a pre-1 July 2012 Base Prospectus) take a different form to the final 
terms used for the original issue being tapped.  The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be 
reviewed to ensure that they would not require the final terms documenting the further issue to include 
information which is no longer permitted in final terms.  Where the final terms documenting the further issue 
would need to include such information, it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown 
prospectus (incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared. 
[The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Warrants where the public offer period 
spans an update to the Base Prospectus.  If relevant, the 2023 Base Prospectus will contain a list of offers 
for which the provisions of the paragraph below apply. Investors will be informed of their withdrawal rights 
in respect of such offers by notice when the 2023 Base Prospectus is published.]8
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 22 September 2022 (the "2022 Base Prospectus")[[,][ 
and] the supplement[s] to the 2022 Base Prospectus dated [●]] and any [further] supplements to the 2022 
Base Prospectus published prior to the Issue Date (as defined below) (the "Supplement(s)"), notwithstanding 
the approval of an updated base prospectus which will replace the 2022 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base 
Prospectus").  The 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") [and the applicable rules and regulations of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and the 2023 Base Prospectus will constitute a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation [and the applicable rules and 
regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and (i) prior to the approval date, must be read in 
conjunction with the 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented ([which includes the provisions of [Annex 1] 
[and] [Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Warrants,] [Annex 3 in the case of Share Linked Warrants,] 
[Annex 4 in the case of Debt Linked Warrants,] [Annex 5 in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants,] 
[Annex 6 in the case of Inflation Linked Warrants,] [Annex 7 in the case of Currency Linked Warrants,] 
[Annex 8 in the case of Fund Linked Warrants,] [Annex 9 in the case of Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Warrants] and [Annex 11 in the case of ETI Linked Warrants])9, and (ii) on and after the approval date, must 
be read in conjunction with the 2023 Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted 
from the 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented.  To the extent any supplement (i) is published after the 
date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions as set out under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" in the 2022 Base Prospectus, such change(s) shall have no effect 
with respect to the Conditions of the Warrants to which these Final Terms relate.  Full information on the 
Issuer[, the Guarantor (if applicable)] and the offer of the Warrants is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and either (i) prior to the approval date, the 2022 Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented, or (ii) on or after the approval date, the 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, and the 2023 
Base Prospectus.  Prior to acquiring an interest in the Warrants described herein, prospective investors should 
read and understand the information provided in the 2022 Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s) and, when 
available, the 2023 Base Prospectus.  Copies of the 2022 Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and these Final 
6
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Warrants or amend as necessary in the case of any issue of warrants which is 
non-exempt and which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
7
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Warrants or amend as necessary in the case of any issue of warrants which is 
non-exempt and which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
8
Please note that if, for any reason, the 2023 Base Prospectus is not approved, the offer period for such issues must cease upon the 
expiry of the validity of the 2022 Base Prospectus. 
9
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 344 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 344 - 
Terms are available, and copies of the 2023 Base Prospectus, will be available for inspection from the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent [and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)[ and [●]].  A summary of the Warrants is annexed to these Final Terms. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]  
[When adding any other Final Terms or information, consideration should be given as to whether such terms 
or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a Supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable rules and regulations of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.]  
These Final Terms relate to the series of Warrants as set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" below. 
References herein to "Warrants" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Warrants that are the 
subject of these Final Terms and references to "Warrant" shall be construed accordingly.  
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES10
SERIES 
NO 
NO. OF 
WARRANTS 
ISSUED 
NO. OF 
WARRANTS 
PER UNIT 
ISIN 
COMMON 
CODE 
ISSUE PRICE 
PER 
[WARRANT/ 
UNIT] 
CALL/PUT EXERCISE 
PRICE 
[EXERCISE 
PERIOD]/ 
[DATE] 
RELEVANT 
JURISDICTION
SHARE 
AMOUNT/ 
DEBT 
SECURITY 
AMOUNT 
PARTY 
[TYPE 
OF 
INDEX]
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[insert 
currency] 
[●] 
[call/put] 
[insert 
currency] 
[●] 
[●] TO [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
The following terms apply to each series of Securities: 
1.
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
2.
Issue Date: 
[specify]  
3.
Consolidation: 
The Warrants are to be consolidated and form a single series 
with the [insert title of relevant series of Securities] issued on 
[insert issue date]/[Not applicable] 
[The Warrants are fungible with an existing Series [insert title 
of existing Series], terms and conditions of which are 
governed by [the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 27 
November 2013 (the "2013 Base Prospectus")][and the 
supplement to the 2013 Base Prospectus dated 23 April 2014 
(the "April 2014 Supplement")][the SecurAsset base 
prospectus dated 27 November 2014 (the "2014 Base 
Prospectus")][and the supplement to the 2014 Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2015 (the "June 2015 
Supplement")][the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 
27 November 2015 (the "2015 Base Prospectus")] [and the 
supplement to the 2015 Base Prospectus dated 27 May 2016 
(the "May 2016 Supplement" [the SecurAsset base 
10
Complete/delete as applicable.

--- Page 345 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 345 - 
prospectus dated 28 September 2016 (the "2016 Base 
Prospectus")] [and the supplement to the 2016 Base 
Prospectus dated 1 March 2017 (the "March 2017 
Supplement")] [the SecurAsset Base Prospectus dated 26 
September 2017 (the "2017 Base Prospectus")] [and the 
supplement to the 2017 Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2018 
(the "May 2018 Supplement") [the SecurAsset base 
prospectus dated 7 August 2018 (the "2018 Base 
Prospectus")][the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 3 July 
2019 (the "2019 Base Prospectus")][the SecurAsset base 
prospectus 
dated 
10 
July 
2020 
(the 
"2020 Base 
Prospectus")][the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 9 July 
2021 (the "2021 Base Prospectus")]. The Warrants 
[became][will become] fungible on [insert date].] 
4.
Type of Warrants: 
(a)
Warrants 
(b)
The Securities are [Index Linked Warrants/Share Linked 
Warrants/Debt 
Linked 
Warrants/ETI 
Linked 
Warrants/Commodity Linked Warrants/Inflation Linked 
Warrants/Currency 
Linked 
Warrants/Fund 
Linked 
Warrants/Underlying Interest Rate Linked Warrants/Hybrid 
Warrants/].  
[The Warrants are [European/American] Style Warrants.  
The Warrants are [Call][Put] Warrants. 
Automatic Exercise [applies/does not apply]. (N.B. Automatic 
Exercise may only apply in relation to Cash Settled 
Warrants).]11
The provisions of Annex 1 [and] [the provisions of Annex 2 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [the provisions of Annex 3 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [the provisions of Annex 4 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Linked 
Securities) shall apply.][the provisions of Annex 5 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked 
Securities) shall apply][the provisions of Annex 6 (Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Securities) shall 
apply.] [the provisions of Annex 7 (Additional terms and 
Conditions for Currency Linked Securities) shall apply.][the 
provisions of Annex 8 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Fund Linked Securities) shall apply.][the provisions of Annex 
9 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest 
Rate Linked Securities) shall apply.][the provisions of Annex 
11 (Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked 
Securities) shall apply.]  
[Waiver of Set-Off: Not applicable] 
11
Include for Warrants.

--- Page 346 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 346 - 
[Unwind Costs: Applicable/Not applicable] 
5.
(i) 
Guaranteed Warrants: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable – General Guarantee] 
[Applicable – Shortfall Guarantee (specify shortfall amount)] 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[BNP Paribas] 
6.
Form of Warrants: 
[Clearing System Global Warrant][Registered Global 
Warrant] 
7.
Business Day Centre(s): 
The applicable Additional Business Centre[s] for the purposes 
of the definition of "Business Day" in Condition 12 [is/are] 
[specify]. 
8.
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment (Cash Settled 
Warrants)] [and/or] [physical delivery (Physical Delivery 
Warrants)].  
[Condition to Final Payout Premium: 
[Applicable as set out in Condition 5(k)]/[Not applicable].] 
9.
Settlement Date: 
[specify] 
(N.B.: Only applicable for Cash Settled Warrants (other than 
Inflation Linked Warrants or Commodity Warrants) if 
Settlement Date is different from the definition in Condition 
12) 
["Settlement Business Day" for the purposes of Condition 4 
means [specify]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants)] 
[Settlement Date Postponement: [Applicable as set out in 
Condition 5(j)/Not applicable] (where applicable, specify 
relevant Postponement Business Days and Payment Delay 
Days)] 
10.
[Issuer's option to substitute: 
Not applicable] 
11.
Settlement Date Extension:
[Applicable / Not applicable]
[(if Settlement Date Extension is applicable, specify the
Extended Settlement Date]. 
[(if Settlement Date Extension is applicable, specify whether 
Sale of Assets is applicable or not applicable]. 
12.
Rounding Convention for Cash 
Settlement Amount: 
[Rounding Convention [1][2]]/[Not applicable] 
13.
Variation of Settlement:

--- Page 347 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 347 - 
(i)
Issuer's 
option 
to 
vary 
settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary settlement 
in respect of the Securities. 
(N.B. If the Issuer does not have the option to vary settlement 
in respect of the Securities, delete the sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph 13) 
(ii)
Variation of Settlement of 
Physical Delivery Securities: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Securities are Physical 
Delivery Securities, the Issuer may make payment of the Cash 
Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date, and the 
provisions of Condition 4 will apply to the Securities/The 
Issuer will procure delivery of the Entitlement in respect of 
the Securities and the provisions of Condition 4 will not apply 
to the Securities.]  [Specify whether Warrantholders will be 
entitled to elect for settlement by way of cash payment or by 
way of physical delivery or a combination thereof for the 
purposes of Condition 1]. 
14.
Calculation Amount: 
[specify] 
15.
Final Payout12
[N x] [Final Payout][specify percentage]]
[SPS Payouts 
[SPS Fixed Percentage Securities:
[Replicate formula from Payout Condition 1]] 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[SPS Reverse Convertible Standard Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[SPS Vanilla Products 
[Vanilla Call Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Put Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
12
Refer to the contents page relating to Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts), which is on pages 874 to 879, for 
details of the location within the Payout Conditions of the terms and conditions that are applicable to the Securities given the 
Coupon/Premium Amount Rate, Payout or Entitlement Amount elections above.

--- Page 348 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 348 - 
[Vanilla Put Spread Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Digital Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[[Knock-in / Knock-out] Vanilla Call Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Range Accrual Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]] 
[Asian Products 
[Asian Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Asian Spread Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Himalaya Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Talisman Securities:  
[Replicate formula. relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]]]
[Auto-Callable Products 
[Autocall Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Autocall One Touch Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Autocall Standard Securities:

--- Page 349 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 349 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Indexation Products
[Certi Plus: Booster Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Bonus Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Leveraged Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Twin Win Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Super Sprinter Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Generic Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Generic Knock-in Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Generic Knock-out Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Ratchet Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Sum Securities 
[Replicate formula and related provisions from Payout 
Condition 1]] 
[Option Max Securities

--- Page 350 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 350 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Stellar Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Driver Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Transition Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Maximum Final Payout:  [specify]/Not applicable] 
[Minimum Final Payout:  [specify]/Not applicable] 
[Option Max Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula and other related provisions from Payout 
Condition 1] 
FI Payouts 
[FI FX Vanilla Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
[FI Digital Floor Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
[FI Digital Cap Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
[FI Digital Plus Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
[FI Inflation Securities:  
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
Payout Switch: 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
[If applicable replicate related provisions from Condition 
8(p). If not applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs] 
[If applicable:

--- Page 351 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 351 - 
Payout Switch Election: [Applicable / Not applicable] 
Automatic Payout Switch: [Applicable / Not applicable] 
Switched Payout: [specify] 
Payout Switch Date: [specify] 
Aggregation: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
16.
Relevant Asset(s): 
The relevant asset to which the Securities relate [is/are] 
[specify]. [Not applicable] (N.B. Only applicable in relation 
to Physical Delivery Securities that are not Credit Linked 
Securities) 
17.
Entitlement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/Physical Delivery Option [1/2/3]] 
(a)
[The Entitlement Amount in relation to each Security is: 
[Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[Delivery of the Underlying applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[Delivery of Basket Underlying: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Payout Condition 1.]] 
(b)
[The Entitlement will be evidenced by [replicate details 
of how the Entitlement will be evidenced].] 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Physical Delivery 
Securities) 
18.
Exchange Rate: 
[specify] 
19.
Settlement Currency: 
The settlement currency for the payment of [the Cash 
Settlement Amount] (in the case of Cash Settled 
Securities)/[the Disruption Cash Settlement Price] (in the case 
of Physical Delivery Securities) is [specify]. 
20.
Syndication: 
The Securities will be distributed on a [non-]syndicated basis.

--- Page 352 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 352 - 
[if syndicated, specify names [and addresses]13 of the 
Managers [and underwriting commitments/quotas (material 
features)] (specifying Lead Manager)] 
[Date of [Subscription Agreement]: [specify]]   
[Stabilisation manager: [specify]] 
[Total commission and concession: [●] per cent. of the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount.]  
21.
Minimum Trading Size: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
22.
Registrar: 
[BNP 
Paribas 
Securities 
Services, 
Luxembourg 
Branch]/[BNP 
Paribas, 
Succursale 
de 
Luxembourg]/[ADDRESS][Not applicable]14
23.
Calculation Agent: 
[BNP Paribas]/[BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.]/[specify 
other][ADDRESS]. 
24.
Index Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable – the Warrants are Index Linked Warrants /Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Index/Basket 
of 
Indices/Index Sponsor(s): 
[[insert type of Index/Indices (e.g. Total Return, Price Return, 
etc.) and specify name of Index/Indices] 
[specify name of Index Sponsor(s)] 
[The [●] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-Exchange] 
Index.]15
[The [●] Index is a Custom Index] 
[Asset Class Type: [Equity]/[Commodity] Custom Index]]16
(ii)
Index Currency: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(iii)
Exchange(s) 
and 
Index 
Sponsor(s): 
(a) The Exchange[s] [is/are] [specify]; and 
(b)  The Index Sponsor is [specify] (In the case of a Basket of 
Indices, repeat in respect of each Index) 
(iv)
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(v)
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable]  
(vi)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
13
Delete if minimum denomination is less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date). 
14
Include in the case of Registered Securities. 
15
Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any). 
16
Specify each Custom Index (if any).

--- Page 353 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 353 - 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable]  
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(vii)
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement Price is [specify].  
Each such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with Index Linked Condition 2]/[specify other]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Securities relating to a 
Basket of Indices)] 
(viii)
Settlement Price: 
[Official opening level]/[Official closing level]/[level at the 
Valuation Time][specify] 
(ix)
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[[specify] Scheduled Trading Days/Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Days] [As specified in Index Linked Condition 4]. 
(x)
Valuation Time: 
Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation Period.] [The 
Valuation Time is [specify]] (N.B. if no time specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
(xi)
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
(xii)
Principal 
Protected 
Termination Amount: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xiii)
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Index Linked Condition 4/specify] 
(xiv)
Additional 
provisions 
applicable to Custom Indices: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(b)
[Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[All Custom Indices Basis/Per Custom Index Basis/Single 
Custom Index Basis]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom Index 
Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities)
(c)
[Scheduled Custom 
Index 
Business 
Day: 
[All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis/Single Index Basis]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom Index 
Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities)(N.B. Must 
match election made for Custom Index Business Day) 
(d)
[Custom 
Index 
Correction Period: 
[As per Index Linked Condition 8]/[specify]]

--- Page 354 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 354 - 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom Index 
Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities)
(e)
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence 
of 
a 
Custom 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event 
[or 
Commodity 
Custom 
Index 
Market 
Disruption 
Event]:: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Custom Index 
Adjustment Event [or Commodity Custom Index Market 
Disruption Event]: [Applicable with a rate of [●] per cent. per 
annum/Not applicable] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Custom Index 
Adjustment Event [or Commodity Custom Index Market 
Disruption Event] constitutes a force majeure, Index Linked 
Condition [6.2[(a)/(b)/(c)](ii)(D)VI.]/[6.2(c)(vi)]/[6.2(b)(v)] 
[and 16.2(b)(iii)(E)] applies] 
(f)
Custom 
Index 
Disruption Event: 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[●]]/[As per Index Linked Condition 6]] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
twenty (in the case of a Custom Index), eight (in the case of 
an Equity Custom Index) or five (in the case of a Commodity 
Custom Index)).
25.
Share Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable – the Warrants are Share Linked Warrants /Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR: 
[insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies] 
[GDR/ADR applicable]17
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]18
(ii)
Relative Performance Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(iii)
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
17
Specify each GDR or ADR (if any).  In the case of Share Securities relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Securities Final Terms 
as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s). 
18
Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares.  In the case of Share Linked Securities relating to Stapled 
Shares, complete Share Linked Securities Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s).

--- Page 355 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 355 - 
(iv)
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
(v)
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(vi)
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(vii)
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
(viii)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(ix)
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket of Shares to ascertain the Settlement Price is [specify].  
Each such Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with Annex 3]/[specify other]. (N.B. Only 
applicable in relation to Securities relating to a Basket of 
Shares)] 
(x)
Settlement Price: 
[Official 
closing 
price]/[Italian 
Securities 
Reference 
Price]/[price at the Valuation Time]][specify] 
(xi)
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[[specify] Scheduled Trading Days].][As specified in Share 
Linked Condition 4.]
(xii)
Valuation Time: 
Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation Period.] [The 
Valuation Time is [specify]] (N.B. if no time specified, the 
Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time). 
(xiii)
Share Correction Period 
[As per Share Linked Condition 4/specify] 
(xiv)
Dividend Payment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xv)
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xvi)
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xvii)
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xviii)
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]19
26.
Debt Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable – the Warrants are Debt Linked Warrants /Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Debt Securities: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(ii)
Reference Price: 
[The Reference Price[s] for [specify relevant Debt Securities] 
is/are the [bid price]/[mid price]/[offer price]/[bid yield]/[mid 
yield]/[offer yield].] [Not applicable] 
19
Only to be disapplied for Tokyo EQD Securities.

--- Page 356 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 356 - 
(iii)
Nominal Amount 
[The relevant nominal amount is [●] and the Relevant Screen 
Page is [●].][Not applicable] 
(iv)
Exchange 
Business 
Day 
Centre(s): 
[specify] 
(v)
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(vi)
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Debt Linked Condition 5/[[specify] Scheduled 
Trading Days.][Not applicable] 
(vii)
Delayed 
Redemption 
on 
Occurrence of Debt Security 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]]
(viii)
Debt 
Security 
Correction 
Period: 
[As per the Conditions]/[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(ix)
Debt Security Issuer: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(x)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Debt Securities to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●]. Each such Weighting shall be subject 
to adjustment.] 
27.
ETI Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable – the Warrants are ETI Linked Warrants/Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
[SC/FM ETI Events: Applicable]  
(ii)
ETI Interest(s): 
[insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
(iii)
ETI Related Party: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(iv)
ETI Documents: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(v)
Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(vi)
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
(vii)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single ETI 
Interest Basis] 
(viii)
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single ETI 
Interest Basis] 
(ix)
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(x)
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 357 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 357 - 
(xi)
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xii)
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(xiii)
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xiv)
Value 
per 
ETI 
Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xv)
Number of Value Publication 
Days: 
[[specify] calendar days] [[specify] Value Business Days] 
[Value Business Day Centre(s): [specify] 
(Only applicable if Number of Value Publication Days is 
calculated by reference to Value Business Days)] 
(xvi)
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xvii)
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xviii) Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xix)
Settlement 
Price/Closing 
Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] 
(xx)
Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest comprising 
the ETI Basket is [specify] 
(xxi)
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(xxii)
Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(xxiii) Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify] [eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days] 
(xxiv) Additional Extraordinary ETI 
Event(s): 
[specify] 
(xxv)
Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [specify].]  
(xxvi) ETI 
Interest 
Correction 
Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xxvii) Protected Amount:  
[specify]  
(xxviii)Termination Date: 
(xxix) Market Disruption: 
[specify] 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
[specify] [eight(8)] Scheduled Training Days] 
28.
Commodity Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable – the Warrants are Commodity Linked 
Warrants/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 358 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 358 - 
(i)
Commodity/Commodities/ 
Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices: 
[specify 
Commodity/Commodities/Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity [Index/Indices] [is/are] 
[specify]] 
[Insert in the case of Commodities that are EU Allowances: 
The [Commodity]/[specify Commodities] [is an]/[are] EU 
Allowance[s] 
[Relevant Registry: [specify]]] 
(ii)
Pricing Date(s): 
[specify] 
(iii)
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(v)
Commodity Reference Price: 
[specify] 
The Price Source is/are [specify]20
(vi)
Delivery Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(vii)
Nearby Month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(viii)
Specified Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(ix)
Exchange: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(x)
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[specify]/[As per Commodity Linked Condition 2] 
(xi)
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the relevant time 
on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] (N.B. if no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing 
Time. Not applicable in the case of Custom Indices).
(xii)
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify] [[specify] Commodity Business Days]21/ 
(xiii)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/[specify]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with Commodity Linked 
Condition 2] 
29.
Inflation Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable – the Warrants are Inflation Linked Warrants/Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Inflation 
Index/Inflation 
Indices/Index Sponsor: 
[specify name of inflation index/indices] 
[specify name of inflation index sponsor(s)] 
20
Delete if using automated Commodity Reference Prices 
21
Only applicable in respect of Commodity Securities linked to a single Commodity.

--- Page 359 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 359 - 
(ii)
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(iii)
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(iv)
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(v)
Related Bond Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(vi)
Substitute 
Inflation 
Index 
Level: 
[As determined in accordance with Index Linked Condition 
1] [specify]. 
(vii)
Cut-off Date: 
In respect of a [Valuation Date], the day that is [specify] 
Business Days prior to such [Valuation Date]. 
(viii)
Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Reference Month: 
[specify] 
(x)
Initial Fixing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xi)
Final Fixing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii)
Currency Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xiii)
Inflation 
Index 
Level 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
30.
Currency Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable 
– 
the 
Warrants 
are 
Currency 
Linked 
Warrants/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(ii)
The relevant base currency 
(the "Base Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(iii)
The relevant subject 
[currency/currencies] 
([the]/[each a] "Subject 
Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Currencies to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [specify]] 
(v)
Price Source: 
[specify] 
(vi)
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[specify]/[five] Scheduled Trading Days 
(vii)
Settlement Price: 
[specify] 
(viii)
Valuation Time: 
[specify]

--- Page 360 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 360 - 
(ix)
Valuation Date/Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Currency Linked Condition 
1]/[Preceding Currency Convention]/[Modified Following 
Currency Convention]] 
31.
Fund Linked Warrants: 
[Applicable - the Warrants are Fund Linked Warrants/Not 
applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Fund/Fund Basket: 
[specify] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Private Equity Fund]  
(ii)
Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
(iii)
Fund Documents: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(iv)
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis/Per Fund Share Basis/Single Fund 
Share Basis] 
(v)
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(vi)
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(vii)
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(viii)
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(x)
AUM Level: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xi)
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xii)
NAV Trigger Period:  
[specify] 
(xiii)
Number 
of 
NAV 
Publication Days: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xiv)
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xv)
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(xvi)
Delayed Payment Cut-off 
Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xvii)
[Weighting: 
[Not applicable/[specify]. [Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with Fund Linked 
Condition 4]

--- Page 361 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 361 - 
(xviii)
Protected Amount: 
[specify] per Security 
32.
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Warrants: 
[Applicable - the Warrants are Underlying Interest Rate 
Warrants/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: "Underlying 
Interest Rate1:" and "Underlying Interest Rate2:" and repeat 
paragraphs 31(i) to (vii) below, as applicable and repeat for 
each Underlying Interest Rate) 
(i)
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(ii)
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(a)
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[specify] (Either EURIBOR or other)
(b)
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time in the case of  
EURIBOR ) 
(c)
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[specify] 
(iv)
ISDA Determination: 
(a)
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(b)
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c)
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
[(N.B. The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are reliant 
upon the provision by reference banks of offered quotations 
for EURIBOR which, depending on market circumstances, 
may not be available at the relevant time)] 
(v)
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(vi)
Minimum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 362 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 362 - 
(vii)
Maximum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
33.
Hybrid Warrants: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[If applicable: 
(i)
The Warrants are linked to each of the types of 
Underlying Reference (each a "Type of Underlying 
Reference") set out in the table below.  The terms and 
conditions of the Warrants will be construed on the 
basis that in respect of each separate Type of 
Underlying Reference, the relevant terms applicable 
to each such separate Type of Underlying Reference 
will apply, as the context admits, separately and 
independently in respect of the relevant Type of 
Underlying Reference[, subject as provided in (ii) 
below]. 
[Include each Type of Underlying Reference] 
Type of Underlying Reference 
[●] 
[See item [●]] 
[●] 
[See item [●]] 
[●] 
[See item [●]] 
(ii)
Hybrid Business Day [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
"Hybrid Business Day" means a day which is a 
Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the relevant 
Annex and completed in the applicable Final Terms) 
for each Type of Underlying Reference specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
[If Hybrid Business Day is applicable, each date for 
valuation (e.g. valuation date, averaging date, 
observation date etc.) which is the subject of the 
Hybrid Warrants provisions should be expressed to 
be "[●] or if that is not a Hybrid Business Day the 
immediately 
[succeeding/preceding] 
Hybrid 
Business Day"]] 
34.
Early Termination: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
(i)
Early Termination Amount: 
[Payout Amount]
[Calculation Amount x [specify] per cent.]

--- Page 363 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 363 - 
[Liquidation Proceeds][Liquidation Proceeds/No Unwind 
Costs] 
[Liquidation 
Proceeds 
Cap: 
not 
applicable] 
[Liquidation Proceeds/Fair Market Value] [Specify if different 
Early Termination Amounts apply to different Early 
Termination Events] [Specify] 
 
(ii)
Early Termination Events: 
 
(a)
Asset Payment 
Default Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(b)
Asset Default 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(c)
Asset Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(d)
Asset Payment 
Shortfall Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(e)
Compartment Tax 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(f)
Related Agreement 
Termination Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]
(g)
Annex Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]
(h)
Compartment 
Change in Law 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]
(i)
Reference 
Securities 
Restructuring 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(j)
Reference 
Securities 
Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(k)
Charged Asset 
Repudiation / 
Moratorium Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(l)
Charged Assets 
Issuer Bankruptcy 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(m)
Reference 
Securities 
Impossibility 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable][Initial Reference Security 
Purchase Date[(s)]:[Specify] (Delete if not applicable)

--- Page 364 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 364 - 
(n)
Regulatory Ratio 
Event:
[Applicable][Not applicable][Regulatory Ratio Event -SNP is 
applicable](Specify if applicable)
 
(iii)
Swap Counterparty 
optional termination - Call 
option (Condition 9(h)(i)): 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(If applicable, specify dates on which the Swap Counterparty 
may opt to terminate the Swap Agreement and on what notice 
to the Issuer) 
 
(iv)
Swap Counterparty 
optional termination - 
Repurchase (Condition 
9(h)(ii)): 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Initial Condition Precedent: Applicable (delete remaining 
text below if not applicable) 
[Acquiring Party: [●]] (Complete where different from as 
specified in Condition 9(h)(ii)) 
[Additional Proceeds Amount: [●]] (delete if not applicable)
[Additional Proceeds Payer: Alternative Additional Proceeds 
Payer is applicable] (delete if not applicable) 
[Initial Condition Precedent Date: [●]] (Complete where 
different from as specified in Condition 9(h)(ii)) 
[Initial Condition Precedent Time: [●]] (Insert where different 
from as specified in Condition 9(h)(ii)) 
[Initial Remittance: Full Proceeds/Partial Proceeds](delete if 
not applicable)] 
 
(v)
Settlement Date Extension: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
[if Settlement Date Extension is applicable, specify the 
Extended Settlement Date] 
[if Settlement Date Extension is applicable, specify whether 
"Sale of Assets" is applicable or not applicable] 
 
(vi)
Swap Termination Without 
Cancellation: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
35.
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]/[Change 
in 
Law/Hedging 
Disruption] does not apply to the Securities] 
36.
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
The following Optional Additional Disruption Events apply 
to the Securities: 
(Specify each of the following which applies. N.B. Optional 
Additional Disruption Events are applicable to certain Index 
Linked Securities, Share Linked Securities, ETI Linked 
Securities and Commodity Linked Securities.  Careful 
consideration should be given to whether Optional Additional 
Disruption Events would apply for Debt Linked Securities, 
Currency Linked Securities and Fund Linked Securities.)

--- Page 365 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 365 - 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Share Linked Securities) 
[Cancellation Event] 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Debt Linked Securities) 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[[Stop-Loss Event] (specify applicable levels for purposes of 
Condition 8(e)) 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [5] per cent.]] 
[Currency Event] 
[Force Majeure Event] 
[Jurisdiction Event] 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity] 
(N.B. Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is applicable to 
certain Share Linked Securities.  Careful consideration 
should be given to whether Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity would apply to other Physical Delivery Securities) 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant Share/Security] is [specify]. 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of [specify in relation 
to each relevant Share/Security] is [specify]. 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of Stock Borrow is 
applicable)] 
37.
Knock-in Event22: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
22
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Securities, Share Linked Securities, Debt Linked Securities, ETI Linked Securities, 
Commodity Linked Securities and Currency Linked Securities.

--- Page 366 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 366 - 
(i)
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable replicate relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 1] 
[If SPS Knock-in Valuation is not applicable and the 
Securities are Currency Securities, specify if FX Knock-in 
Valuation is applicable.] 
[If FX Knock-in Valuation is applicable, insert relevant 
provisions from Payout Condition 1.] 
[FX Coupon Performance: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(ii)
Level: 
[Official level]/[Official close]/[last price]/[traded price]/[bid 
price]/[asked price] /[Standard Level]/[Not applicable] 
(iii)
Knock-in 
[Price][Level]/Knock-in 
Range [Price][Level]: 
[specify][FX Knock-in Level] 
[If FX Knock-in Level is specified insert relevant provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
(iv)
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date: 
[specify] 
(v)
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date Day Convention:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(vi)
Knock-in 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition 7(q)] 
(vii)
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/ Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day/ Commodity Business Day/Fund 
Business Day/Business Day] in the Knock-in Determination 
Period] 
(viii)
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Knock-in Period Ending 
Date Day Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(x)
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify/See 
definition 
in 
Condition 
7(q)]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in Determination Day]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xi)
Knock-in Value: 
[specify] 
(xii)
Knock-in Observation Price 
Source: 
[specify]

--- Page 367 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 367 - 
38.
Knock-out Event23: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"]/["within"]/[Knock-out Corridor 
Range] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable replicate relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 1] 
[If SPS Knock-out Valuation is not applicable and the 
Warrants are Currency Linked Securities, specify if FX 
Knock-out Valuation is applicable.] 
[If FX Knock-out Valuation is applicable, replicate relevant 
provisions from Payout Condition 1.] 
[FX Coupon Performance: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(ii)
Level: 
[Knock-out Corridor Value 1:] [Official level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[traded 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked 
price][Standard Level][Not applicable] 
[Knock-out Corridor Value 2: [official level]/[official 
close]/[last 
price]/[traded 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked 
price]/[Standard Level]/[Not applicable]] 
(iii)
Knock-out 
[Price][Level] 
/Knock-out 
Range 
[Price][Level]/Knock-out 
Corridor Range: 
[specify] [FX Knock-out Level] 
[If FX Knock-out Level is specified replicate relevant 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[If Knock-out Corridor Range is applicable: 
Knock-out Low Barrier: [specify] 
Knock-out High Barrier: [specify]]  
(iv)
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning Date: 
[specify] 
(v)
Knock-out 
Period 
Beginning 
Date 
Day 
Convention: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
23
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Securities, Share Linked Securities, Debt Linked Securities, ETI Linked Securities, 
Commodity Linked Securities and Currency Linked Securities.

--- Page 368 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 368 - 
(vi)
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period: 
[specify] 
(vii)
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/ Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day/ Commodity Business Day/Fund 
Business Day/Business Day] in the Knock-out Determination 
Period] 
(viii)
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Day Convention: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
(x)
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition 7(q)] [Any time on a 
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xi)
Knock-out Value: 
[specify] 
(xii)
Knock-out 
Observation 
Price Source: 
[specify] 
39.
Units: 
Warrants must be exercised in Units.  Each Unit consists of 
the number of Warrants set out in "Specific Provisions for 
each Series" above. (N.B. This is in addition to any 
requirements relating to "Minimum Exercise Number" or 
"Maximum Exercise Number" as set out below). 
40.
Minimum Exercise Number: 
The minimum number of Warrants that may be exercised 
(including automatic exercise) on any day by any Holder of 
Securities is [specify] [and Warrants may only be exercised 
(including automatic exercise) in integral multiples of 
[specify] Warrants in excess thereof]. 
41.
Maximum Exercise Number: 
The maximum number of Warrants that must be exercised on 
any day by any Holder or group of Holders of Securities 
(whether or not acting in concert) is [specify]. (N.B. not 
applicable for European Style Warrants)
42.
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
43.
Optional Termination Date: 
[specify] 
44.
Optional Termination Amount: 
[specify] 
45.
Exercise Price(s): 
The exercise price(s) per [Warrant/Unit] (which may be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with Annex 2 in the case 
of Index Linked Securities, Annex 3 in the case of Share 
Linked Securities, Annex 4 in the case of Debt Linked 
Securities and Annex 5 in the case of Commodity Linked 
Securities) is set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" 
above. (N.B. This should take into account any relevant 
Weighting and, in the case of an Index Linked Security, must 
be expressed as a monetary value).

--- Page 369 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 369 - 
46.
Exercise Date: 
The exercise date of the Warrants is set out in "Specific 
Provisions for each Series" above, provided that, if such date 
is not an Exercise Business Day, the Exercise Date shall be 
the immediately succeeding Exercise Business Day. (N.B. 
Only applicable in relation to European Style Warrants).
47.
Exercise Period: 
The exercise period in respect of the Warrants is set out in 
"Specific Provisions for each Series" above, [inclusive of the 
dates specified] [, or if either day specified is not an Exercise 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Exercise Business 
Day]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to certain American 
Style Warrants).
48.
Other provisions:  
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(i)
Valuation Date: 
[The Valuation Date shall be the Actual Exercise Date of the 
relevant Warrant, subject to adjustments in accordance with 
Condition 4]/[The Valuation Date shall be the first Scheduled 
Trading Day following the Actual Exercise Date of the 
relevant Warrant, subject to adjustments in accordance with 
Condition 4]/[specify]. (N.B. specify if different from the 
definition in Condition 4.) 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] (N.B. Only applicable to Currency Linked  
Securities) 
(ii)
Strike Date: 
[specify] (N.B. Only relevant for certain Index, Share, and 
Currency Linked Securities) 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] (N.B. Only applicable to Currency Linked 
Securities) 
(iii)
Strike Day: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Strike Period: 
[specify] 
(v)
Strike Price: 
[specify] 
(vi)
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Warrants. [The 
Averaging Dates are [specify].] (Not applicable to Inflation 
Linked Securities) 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] (N.B. Only applicable to Currency Linked 
Securities) 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] (N.B. Not applicable to Index Linked Securities 
relating to a Custom Index or Commodity Linked Securities)]

--- Page 370 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 370 - 
(vii)
Observation Dates: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency 
Convention]/[Modified 
Following 
Currency 
Convention]] (N.B. Only applicable to Currency Linked 
Securities) 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will 
apply.] (N.B. Not applicable to Index Linked Securities 
relating to a Custom Index or Commodity Linked Securities)  
(viii)
Observation Period: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(ix)
Swap Termination Without 
Cancellation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(x)
Automatic 
Early 
Expiration24: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[If applicable: ["greater than" / "greater than or equal to" / 
"less than" / "less than or equal to"]] 
[AER Knock-out:  [Knock-out Event]/[Knock-in Event] 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition [1].] 
(a)
Automatic 
Early 
Expiration Level: 
[specify] 
(b)
Automatic 
Early 
Expiration Time: 
[specify] 
(c)
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Payout: 
[SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]
[Target Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 2] 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption: 
Accrual to Automatic Early Redemption: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 2] 
24
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Warrants, Share Linked Warrants, ETI Linked Warrants, Commodity Linked Warrants, 
Debt Linked Warrants and Currency Linked Warrants.

--- Page 371 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 371 - 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 2] 
(d)
AER Exit Rate: 
[Not applicable] 
[AER Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[AER Athena up Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[AER CSN Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
(e)
Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation Time: 
[specify][AER Knock-out Date] 
(f)
Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
(g)
Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Valuation Period: 
[specify] 
(h)
Automatic 
Early 
Expiration 
Settlement Date: 
[specify] 
(i)
Observation 
Price 
Source: 
[specify] 
(j)
Underlying 
Reference Level: 
[Official level]/[Official close]/[last price]/[bid price]/[asked 
price]/[Standard 
Underlying 
Reference 
Level] 
[Not 
applicable] 
(k)
SPS 
AER 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable include formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
(l)
AER Knock-out: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Knock-out Event] 
[Knock-in Event]

--- Page 372 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 372 - 
COMPARTMENT ASSETS AND SECURITY 
49.
Description of Compartment: 
Compartment [ ][specify number/designation] 
[Compartment [●] is a Multi-Series Compartment, in respect 
of which at any time more than one Series of Related 
Warrants may be outstanding] [delete if Compartment is not 
a Multi-Series Compartment] 
(i)
Legal nature of Charged 
Assets:
[[In the case of a Series of Warrants in respect of which one 
or more Series of Related Warrants may be outstanding from 
time to time:] 
If, at the time of any enforcement of the Compartment 
Security pursuant to Condition 13 (Enforcement and 
Realisation), one or more Series of Related Warrants (as 
defined in Condition 11(a)(iii) is outstanding, holders of 
the Warrants to which these Final Terms apply and the 
holders of such Related Warrants will share equally and 
rateably in any Charged Assets in accordance with the 
Order of Priority specified below. 
[As at the Issue Date, there are not any Series of Related 
Warrants outstanding for this Compartment.][As at the date 
of the Final Terms, there are [●] Series of Related Warrants 
outstanding for this Compartment] [Insert and complete as 
applicable if Compartment is a Multi-Series Compartment.] 
[Compartment Asset Coverage Test: Applicable and 
[Compartment Asset Coverage Market Value]/[Compartment 
Asset Coverage Notional  Value] is applicable. 
[Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage [●] per cent. 
[specify if other than 100 per cent.][Compartment Asset 
Coverage Market Value Percentage is applicable.] [Delete if 
not applicable] 
[Delete if Compartment Asset Coverage Test is not applicable 
or the Compartment is not a Multi-Series Compartment]] 
As set out in Condition [9(c)(i)[(A)[and](B)(C)]] (Specify as 
applicable) [Specify governing law jurisdiction(s)] 
The Related Agreements are: 
– 
[the Swap Agreement;[and]][.][specify for all 
applicable Charged Asset Structures] 
– 
[the 
Deposit 
Agreement.];[and][specify 
where 
Charged Asset Structure 1 or 3 is applicable] 
–
[the Repurchase Agreement.][specify where Charged 
Asset Structure 7 is applicable]

--- Page 373 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 373 - 
[The Compartment Assets are the Reference Securities 
specified in paragraph 10 of Part B] [The Compartment 
Assets are the assets specified in paragraph 10 of Part B] 
[specify if one of Charged Asset Structures 2, 5 or 6 is 
applicable]
[In the case of a Series of Warrants in respect of which one or 
more Series of Related Warrants may be outstanding from 
time to time, insert description of new Compartment Assets to 
be included in the Compartment in connection with the issue 
of this Series of Warrants: 
The Compartment Assets are the Reference Securities 
specified in paragraph 10 of Part B] [The Compartment 
Assets are the assets specified in paragraph 10 of Part B] 
[specify if one of Charged Asset Structures 2, 5 or 6 is 
applicable] (the "Specified Compartment Assets"), together 
with the "Specified Compartment Assets" set out in the 
applicable Final Terms for each Series of Related Warrants 
outstanding from time to time] 
[NB: The assets which can constitute Compartment Assets for 
a Series of Warrants issued through a Multi-Series 
Compartment must be consistent for each Series of Related 
Warrants] 
(ii)
Counterparties to Related 
Agreement(s): 
–
[The counterparty to the Swap Agreement is [BNP 
Paribas][BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV][BNP Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C.](the "Swap Counterparty")] [and] 
–
[The counterparty to the Repurchase Agreement is 
[BNP Paribas]/[BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.] (the 
"Repo Counterparty").] 
–
[The counterparty to the Collateral Exchange 
Agreement is [BNP Paribas]/[BNP Paribas Arbitrage 
S.N.C.] (the "Collateral Exchange Counterparty").] 
[See paragraph 10(vi) of Part B for details of the [Swap 
Counterparty]/[Collateral Exchange Counterparty]/[Deposit 
Counterparty]25
(iii)
Compartment Account: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(iv)
Cash Manager: 
[Applicable – BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch/[BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg] / Not 
applicable] 
25
Insert reference to paragraph 11(vi) of Part B where relevant counterparty constitutes an obligor for the purposes of item 2.2.11(b) 
of Annex 19 of the Prospectus Regulation

--- Page 374 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 374 - 
(v)
Account Bank: 
[Applicable – BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch/[BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg] / Not 
applicable] 
(vi)
Custodian: 
[Applicable – BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch/[BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg] / Not 
applicable] 
(vii)
Sub-Custodian in relation to 
the Compartment Assets:  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(viii)
Compartment Security for 
the Warrants is "Charged 
Assets charged to Trustee; 
additional foreign law 
security": 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(ix)
Compartment Assets 
substitution by Swap 
Counterparty (pursuant to 
Condition 9(f)):  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(x)
Permitted currency of 
securities to be substituted 
for the Compartment Assets 
(pursuant to Condition 
9(f)): 
[Specify currency] 
(xi)
Eligible Compartment 
Assets Issuer: 
[Identify any Eligible Compartment Assets Issuer for the 
purposes of Condition 9(f) including its name, address, 
country of incorporation, nature of its business and 
confirmation that it has securities admitted to trading on a 
regulated or equivalent market or has obligations guaranteed 
by an entity admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent 
market.]  
(xii)
Alternative Substitution 
(Condition 9(f)): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(xiii)
Delivery or payment of the 
securities, obligations or 
cash 
which 
may 
be 
substituted 
for 
the 
Compartment Assets to the 
Custodian by (if not Swap 
Counterparty) 
(Condition 
9(f)): 
[Counterparty] 
(xiv)
Substitution Notification: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 375 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 375 - 
50.
Compartment 
Assets 
substitution 
under a Credit Support Annex/Credit 
Support Deed/Pledge: delivery or 
payment of securities, obligations or 
cash by (if not Swap Counterparty) 
(Condition 9(g)): 
[Credit 
Support 
Annex 
/ 
Credit 
Support 
Deed/Pledge][Counterparty] 
51.
Order of Priority: The order of 
priority of payments made by the 
issuer to the holders of the class of 
securities in question: 
[Swap 
Counterparty 
Priority][Pari 
Passu 
Ranking][Warrantholder Priority] 
[If one or more Series of Related Warrants may be 
outstanding at any time in respect of the Compartment, the 
Order of Priority must be the same for the Warrants and each 
Series of Related Warrants] 
OTHER PROVISIONS 
52.
Issuer Substitution: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
53.
Additional U.S. Federal income tax 
consequences: 
[insert details]/[Not applicable]/[The Warrants are [not] 
Specified Securities (as defined in the Base Prospectus) for 
the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986.][The Securities may be Specified Securities for 
the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986.  If the Securities are Specified Securities, then 
the following provisions will apply.][Additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Securities 
will be available at [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer 
contact]. [The Issuer will arrange for withholding under 
Section 871(m) to be imposed on any dividend equivalent 
payment at a rate of 30 per cent.]]  
(If the Securities are Specified Securities, include the 
"Additional 
information" 
sentence 
and 
provide 
the 
appropriate contact information at the Issuer. N.B. Include 
the option above, completed as appropriate, where (a) the 
Securities do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that 
contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise provide 
direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities or (b) the Section 
871(m) determination has been made by the time the Final 
Terms are finalised (in which case, the determination will 
have been made either (i) on the pricing date, if this falls 14 
days or fewer before the issue date or (ii) on the issue date, if 
the pricing date falls more than 14 days before the issue date. 
Otherwise, include the following option, completed as 
appropriate: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not 
determined whether the Securities are Specified Securities for 
purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers that they will 
[not] be Specified Securities for these purposes.  This is 
indicative information only subject to change and if the 
Issuer’s final determination is different then it will give

--- Page 376 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 376 - 
notice of such determination.  Please contact [give name(s) 
and address(es) of Issuer contact] for further information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Securities.]] 
(The Securities will not be Specified Securities if they (i) are 
issued prior to 1 January 2023 and provide a return that 
differs significantly from the return on an investment in the 
underlying (i.e. they are not "delta-one" securities for U.S. tax 
purposes) or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index 
that contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise provide 
direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Securities 
reference a U.S. equity or an index that contains a component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure 
to U.S. equities and (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and 
provide a return that does not differ significantly from the 
return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued 
on or after 1 January 2023, further analysis would be 
required.)  
[Payments on the Specified Securities are calculated by 
reference to [Net Dividends/Net Total Returns]. By 
purchasing a Specified Security, the parties agree that in 
calculating the relevant payment amount the Issuer may 
withhold, and the purchaser is deemed to have received 30 per 
cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended) in respect of the relevant [U.S. securities/U.S. 
dividend paying index components]. The Issuer will not pay 
any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 
871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
[For this purpose, "Net Dividends" means the dividends paid 
by an issuer of a security net of 30 per cent. U.S. federal 
withholding tax.] 
[For this purpose "Net Total Returns" means the net total 
return of the U.S source dividend paying components, as 
calculated by the Index Sponsor, of an index that reinvests 
U.S source dividends paid by an issuer of a security that is a 
component of the index net of 30 per cent. U.S withholding 
tax on such U.S source dividends.]] 
DISTRIBUTION 
54.
Date of [Subscription Agreement]:26 
[specify] 
55.
Name [and address]27 of Dealer: 
[specify] 
56.
Total commission and concession:28 
[specify] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
26
Delete, if the issue price is less than EUR100,000 (or is equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date). 
27
Delete if the issue price is EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date). 
28
Delete if issue price is EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date).

--- Page 377 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 377 - 
57.
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining placeholders of this paragraph and paragraph 7 of 
Part B) 
(i)
Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions: 
[specify relevant Member State(s) where the Issuer intends to 
make Non-exempt Offers (select from the list of Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions in the Base Prospectus) - which must be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any supplements 
have been passported (in addition to the jurisdiction where 
approved and published)] 
(ii)
Offer Period: 
[specify date, and if applicable, time] until [and 
including][specify date (and if applicable, time) or a formula 
such as "the Issue Date" or "the date which falls [specify] 
Business Days thereafter"] [subject to any early closing] 
/[From (and including) the Issue Date until (and including) 
the date on which the Securities are delisted]. 
(iii)
Financial intermediaries 
granted specific consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] 
58.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors: 
(i)
Selling Restriction: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[The Securities are only intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to investors via the professional 
segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.]29
(ii)
Legend: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(iii)
[Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
Not applicable]  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ______________________ 
Duly authorised 
By: ______________________ 
29
Include if the Securities are intended to be listed and admitted to trading on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.

--- Page 378 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 378 - 
Duly authorised

--- Page 379 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 379 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading – [De-listing]
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Official List/Specify 
other/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Warrants to be admitted 
to trading on [the professional segment of the] [Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's Regulated Market/ [the professional 
segment of the] Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF 
Market/Specify other] [with effect from [specify]].] [Not 
applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original [Warrants] are already admitted to trading)] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]1
(iv) 
De-listing: 
[Not applicable][The de-listing of the Warrants on the 
[exchange/regulated market] specified above shall occur on 
[specify], subject to any change to such [date/period] by such 
[exchange/regulated market] or any competent authorities, 
for which the Issuer [and the Guarantor] shall under no 
circumstances be liable]. 
2.
Ratings
[The Securities to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to 
be]] rated [insert details] by [insert credit rating agency 
name(s)].] 
[The Securities have not been rated.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider: 
[●] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Securities of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.)]] 
EITHER [[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] 
is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [As such 
[insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
1
Specify not applicable if minimum denomination is less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue 
Date)

--- Page 380 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 380 - 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and is not 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU CRA entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). The 
ratings have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU-registered CRA entity] in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the relevant EU 
CRA entity] is established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. [As such [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity] is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation].] The European 
Securities Markets Authority has indicated that ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the 
United 
Kingdom 
(delete as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the EU, by the relevant market 
participants.] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"), but it 
[is]/[has applied to be] certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation[[ [EITHER:] and it is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation] 
[ 
[OR:] 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
and [insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding

--- Page 381 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 381 - 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority [ and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with such Regulation].] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). However, 
the application for registration under the CRA Regulation of 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that 
applied for registration], which is established in the 
European Union disclosed the intention to endorse credit 
ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity][, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity] is not included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation].] The European 
Securities Markets Authority has indicated that ratings 
issued 
in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the 
United 
Kingdom 
(delete as appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the EU the relevant market 
participants.]
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
[Not applicable] [Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting interest, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest] 
[Save [for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to [insert name of Authorised Officer] 
and] as discussed [in the "Potential Conflicts of Interest" paragraph in the "Risk Factors" section in 
the Base Prospectus], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] of the 
Notes has an interest material to the [issue/offer."]] 
4. 
Reasons for the [Issue/Offer], Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses
(i)
Reasons for the 
[Issue/Offer] 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus]/[give 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus.  If reasons 
for [issue/offer] are different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details.)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds: 
[Up to] [specify][Not applicable] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority.  If proceeds

--- Page 382 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 382 - 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
[specify] [Include breakdown of expenses]] 
(iii)
Estimated total 
expenses: 
5. 
Performance of Underlying/Formula/Other Variable, Explanation of Effect on Value of 
Investment and Associated Risks and Other Information concerning the Underlying Reference 
or Reference Rate 
[Not applicable] [Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/other variables can be obtained.  If there is a derivative component or complex 
derivative in the settlement amount, an example of how the value of the investment is affected by the 
value of the underlying or the nature of the securities may be included.]][Information on past and 
future performance and volatility of [specify underlying] can be obtained [but not] free of charge, 
from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].
[Where the underlying is an index need to include the name of the index and where the information 
about the index can be obtained.  NB:  The Securities may not be linked to an index composed by the 
Issuer or any entity belonging to the same group as the Issuer.][Where the underlying is a security 
need to include the name of the issuer of the security and the ISIN (International Security 
Identification Number) or other such security identification code.] 
[Include where the Securities reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or 
recommend any products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance transaction information [specify what information will 
be reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance transaction 
information]. 
6. 
Operational Information
(i)
Any clearing system(s) other 
than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
approved by the Issuer and 
the Principal Warrant and 
Certificate Agent and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s) and address(es): 
[Not 
applicable/give 
name(s) 
number(s) 
and 
address(es)]
(ii)
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(iii)
Additional Paying Agent(s)   
(if any): 
[Not applicable/give name]
7. 
Non-exempt Offer

--- Page 383 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 383 - 
(i)
Authorised Offeror: 
[Not applicable]/[Specify identity of any Authorised 
Offeror(s)(including LEIs)] [See paragraph 57 of Part 
A above] 
(ii)
Offer Period: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] [See paragraph 57 of Part A 
above] 
(iii)
Offer Price: 
[[specify][●] per cent. of the Issue Price (of which 
[[selling] fees] and [commissions] of [●] of [●] [the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount] shall be retained by [the 
Authorised Offeror[s]] [and a [maximum] amount of 
[●] per cent. is represented by commissions payable 
to the Authorised Offeror[s].] 
(iv)
[Conditions to which the offer 
is subject:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[The Issuer will in its sole discretion determine the 
final amount of Securities issued up to a limit of 
[specify].  The final amount that are issued on 
[specify] 
will 
be 
listed 
on 
the 
[Euronext 
Amsterdam/Official List of [the professional segment 
of] the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/Euronext 
Paris//[the XMLI Segment of] Euronext Access 
Paris/Euronext Brussels/Italian Stock Exchange/stock 
exchange 
of 
[Madrid/Barcelona/Valencia/Bilbao]/[specify 
other 
exchange]].  Securities will be allotted subject to 
availability in the order of receipt of investors' 
applications.  The final amount of the Securities 
issued will be determined by the Issuer in light of 
prevailing market conditions, and in its sole and 
absolute discretion depending on the number of 
Securities which have been agreed to be purchased as 
of [specify].] 
[Article 30] of [Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 
24 February 1998], as amended from time to time (the 
"Italian Financial Services Act") permits the 
promotion and placement to the public in the Republic 
of Italy of financial instruments in a place other than 
the registered office or establishments of the issuer, 
offeror or appointed person carrying out such 
promotion 
and/or 
placement, 
under 
certain 
conditions.  Such activity is referred in the Italian 
Financial Services Act as "door-to-door selling".  
Pursuant to paragraph 6 of Article 30 of the Italian 
Financial Services Act, all door-to-door selling of 
financial instruments must be accompanied by a clear 
indication to investors that they have a right of 
withdrawal from any contract entered into pursuant to 
door-to-door selling, exercisable within a period of 
seven days from the date of subscription by the

--- Page 384 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 384 - 
investor. Within such period, contracts entered into 
pursuant to door-to-door selling shall not be 
enforceable, and investors may exercise their 
withdrawal right without payment of any charge or 
commission by contacting the offeror or appointed 
person with whom the subscription for Warrants was 
placed.] [A non-exempt offer of Warrants in the 
Republic of Italy may be made using door-to-door 
selling in accordance with Article 30 of the Italian 
Financial Services Act during the Offer Period.] 
[Further, Warrants may be offered in the Republic of 
Italy to investors through recorded telephone orders 
pursuant to applicable Italian law.] 
(v)
[Description of the application 
process:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(vi)
[Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
application:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(vii)
[Description of possibility to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner for refunding amounts 
paid in excess by applicants:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(viii)
[Details of the method and time 
limits for paying up and 
delivering the Securities:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(ix)
[Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(x)
[Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability of subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(xi)
[Categories 
of 
potential 
investors to which the Warrants 
are offered:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(xii)
[Process for notification to 
applicants 
of 
the 
amount 
allotted and indication whether 
dealing may begin before 
notification is made:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[No dealings in the Warrants on a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU may take place 
prior to the Issue Date.]

--- Page 385 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 385 - 
(xiii)
[Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to 
the subscriber or purchaser:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(xiv)
 [Name and address of the 
entities which have a firm 
commitment 
to 
act 
as 
intermediaries in secondary 
trading, 
providing 
liquidity 
through bid and after rates and 
a description of the main terms 
of their commitment:] 
[None/give details (such as the maximum bid/offer 
spread of the offer price and the minimum unit 
amount per order)] 
8. 
Placing and Underwriting2
(i)
[Name(s) and address(es), to 
the extent known to the Issuer, 
of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[None/give details] 
(ii)
Name and address of the co-
ordinator(s) of the global offer 
and of single parts of the offer:3
[specify] 
(iii)
Name and address of any 
paying agents and depository 
agents in each country: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Entities agreeing to underwrite 
the issue on a firm commitment 
basis, and entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm 
commitment or under "best 
efforts" arrangements:4
[specify] 
(v)
When 
the 
underwriting 
agreement has been or will be 
reached:] 
[specify] 
9. 
Historic Interest Rates 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]. 
10. 
Description of Charged Assets 
2
To the extent known to the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place. 
3
Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered. 
4
See "Risk Factors relating to Securities – Potential Conflicts of Interest" in the Base Prospectus for further information.

--- Page 386 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 386 - 
(i)
Charged Asset Structure: 
[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
1[A]/[B]]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 2[A]/[B]]/[Charged Asset Structure 3]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
4[A]/B]]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
5[A]/[B]/[C]/[D]/E]/[F][G][H]]/[Charged Asset Structure 
6[A]/[B]/[C]/[D]/E]/[F]]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
7[A/[B][C]]/ ]]/[Charged Asset Structure 8[A/[B]] is 
applicable. 
(ii)
Amount of the Charged 
Assets: 
[specify] 
(iii)
Credit Support Structure: 
[[Credit Support Structure 1]/[Credit Support Structure 
2]/[Credit Support Structure 3]/[Credit Support Structure 4] 
is applicable][Not applicable] 
Complete applicable items below: 
Credit Support Valuation Agent: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable]. 
Margin Delivery Date: [specify]/delete if not applicable]. 
Minimum Transfer Amount: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable]. 
Over Collateralisation Level:[specify if other than 100%; 
otherwise delete]  
Repo Transaction Valuation Date: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable]. 
 Support Percentage: [specify]/delete if not applicable]. 
Swap Agreement Valuation Date: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable]. 
Value:  [specify if other than market value; otherwise delete]  
Swap Counterparty Collateral: [specify (including valuation 
percentages, where applicable)]] 
Issuer Posted Collateral: [specify (including valuation 
percentages, where applicable)][delete if not applicable] 
[The Non Posting Period applicable [to the Issuer] [and] [the 
Swap Counterparty] is [specify] 
(iv)
Loan to value ratio or level of 
collateralisation 
of 
the 
Charged Assets: 
[specify] 
(v)
Where the Charged Assets 
comprise obligations of 5 or 
fewer obligors which are 
legal persons or where an 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
[1][2][3][4][5][6][7][8]:

--- Page 387 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 387 - 
obligor accounts for 20% or 
more of the Charged Assets, 
or where an obligor accounts 
for a material portion of the 
Charged Assets: 
[the counterparty to the Swap Agreement is [BNP 
Paribas][BNP 
Paribas 
Fortis 
SA/NV](the 
"Swap 
Counterparty").] 
[the counterparty to the Deposit Agreement is: [specify] (the 
"Deposit Counterparty").] 
[the counterparty to the Collateral Exchange Agreement is 
[specify] (the "Collateral Exchange Counterparty").] 
[the issuer of [identify applicable Reference Securities 
including legal nature eg type of interest payable (if any) 
whether securities are subordinated/secured etc.] (the 
"Reference Securities") is [specify] (the "Reference 
Security Issuer").] 
[the obligor in respect of [identify applicable Compartment 
Assets where Compartment Assets are other than Reference 
Securities 
including 
legal 
nature 
of 
asset] 
(the 
"Compartment Assets") is [specify] (the "Compartment 
Asset Obligor").] 
[An obligor (including the Deposit Counterparty, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Compartment Asset Obligor, the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty5, and the Reference 
Security Issuer, where applicable) must have securities 
already admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent 
market or the obligations are guaranteed by an entity 
admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market. 
Insert the name, address, country of incorporation, nature of 
business and name of the market in which its securities are 
admitted so far as the Issuer is aware and/or is able to 
ascertain from information published by the obligor(s)]
(vi)
Any relationship that is 
material to the issue between 
the Issuer, guarantor (if 
applicable) and obligor under 
the Charged Assets: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable, provide details of the principal terms of that 
relationship] 
[specify[which is the [insert capacity/capacities] under the 
Warrants]  
(vii)
Charged Assets comprising 
obligations 
that 
are 
not 
admitted to trading on a 
regulated 
or 
equivalent 
market: 
[Applicable / Not applicable]6
[See paragraph entitled "Where the Charged Assets comprise 
obligations of 5 or fewer obligors which are legal persons or 
where an obligor accounts for 20% or more of the Charged 
5
Insert references to relevant counterparties to Related Agreements here where relevant counterparty constitutes an obligor for the 
purposes of item 2.2.11(b) of Annex 19 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
6
An obligor (including the Deposit Counterparty, the Swap Counterparty, the Compartment Asset Obligor, the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty  and the Reference Security Issuer, where applicable) must have securities already admitted to trading on a regulated 
or equivalent market or the obligations are guaranteed by an entity admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market.)

--- Page 388 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 388 - 
Assets, or where an obligor accounts for a material portion 
of the Charged Assets above] 
(viii)
Charged Assets comprising 
equity 
securities 
or 
obligations that are admitted 
to trading on a regulated or 
equivalent market: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable, indicate the following: 
(a) a description of the securities; 
(b)  a description of the market on which they are traded 
and electronic link to where documentation can found 
and where equity securities: including its date of 
establishment, how price information is published, an 
indication of daily trading volumes, information as to 
the standing of the market in the country and the name 
of the market's regulatory authority; 
(c) 
where equity securities: the frequency with which 
prices of the relevant securities are published.] 
(Complete in conjunction with relevant provisions above) 
[See paragraph entitled "Where the Charged Assets comprise 
obligations of 5 or fewer obligors which are legal persons or 
where an obligor accounts for 20% or more of the Charged 
Assets, or where an obligor accounts for a material portion 
of the Charged Assets above where the applicable Charged 
Asset Structure is specified.]
(ix)
Names, 
addresses 
and 
significant business activities 
of the originators of the 
Compartment Assets: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable, provide details] 
(x)
Name, 
address 
and 
significant business activities 
of the Calculation Agent, 
together with a summary of 
the 
Calculation 
Agent's 
responsibilities, 
its 
relationship 
with 
the 
originator or the creator of 
the 
assets 
forming 
the 
Charged Assets: 
[specify] 
(xi)
Names and addresses and 
brief description of the banks 
with 
which 
the 
main 
accounts relating to the 
Series are held: 
[specify] 
(xii)
Information concerning the 
obligor 
of 
the 
Charged 
Assets reproduced from a 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable: So far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify], no facts

--- Page 389 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 389 - 
source published by a third 
party: 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information misleading.] 
(xiii)
Legal jurisdiction by which 
the 
Charged 
Assets 
are 
governed: 
[insert jurisdiction]
(xiv)
Expiry or maturity date(s) of 
the Charged Assets: 
[The Settlement Date/specify other date]
11.
[EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation  
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Warrants are calculated 
by reference to [[insert name[s] of Benchmark[s]]/the relevant 
Benchmark], which [[is/are] provided by [[insert name[s] of the 
Administrator[s]]/[the [relevant] Administrator] [as, specified in 
the table below] (if more than one, specify in relation to each 
relevant Benchmark)]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [[insert name[s] of the 
Administrator[s]]/the [relevant] Administrator[s]] [[is/are] [not 
included]/[[is/are] included] [as the case may be,] included in the 
register of Administrators and Benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
[("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the "BMR")] [, as specified in the 
table below]. 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of the 
Benchmark[s]]/[the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] not fall 
within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the 
BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR apply, 
such that the [relevant] Administrator is not currently required to 
obtain authorisation/registration[, as specified in the table below].] 
[repeat as necessary or insert necessary information in a table 
below]] 
[Not applicable]] 
[Benchmark] 
[Administrator] [Register] 
[Other 
Information] 
12.
[MiFID 
II 
Product 
Governance/Target Market 
Assessment 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Warrants, taking into account the five categories in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by [ESMA]/[the European Securities and 
Markets Authority] on 5 February 2018, has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is eligible 
counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and retail clients], each 
as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Warrants are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio 
management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii)

--- Page 390 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 390 - 
all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following 
channels for distribution of the Warrants to retail clients are 
appropriate 
– 
[investment 
advice][,/ 
and] 
[portfolio 
management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, 
subject 
to 
the 
distributor's 
suitability 
and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]].] 
13.
[UK 
MiFIR 
product 
governance/target 
market 
assessment
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Securities, taking into account the five categories in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by [the European Securities and 
Markets Authority]/[ESMA] on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit 
our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,] [and] 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA ("UK MiFIR") [and retail clients, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")]; [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Securities are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of 
the Securities to retail clients are appropriate – [investment 
advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised 
sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market

--- Page 391 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR WARRANTS – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 391 - 
assessment) 
and 
determining 
appropriate 
distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]].]

--- Page 392 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 392 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series (and/or Tranche, as the 
case may be) of Certificates issued under the Programme.  Placeholders are included as an aid to review 
and the Final Terms relating to any Series of Certificates will be completed with such information from in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (to the extent applicable). References in the 
Base Prospectus (including in the applicable Terms and Conditions) to "the Securities" shall when replicated 
in these Final Terms be replaced with references to the Certificates.  
 [The [Base Prospectus [is valid to, and including 22 September 2023 [and the] Issuer intends that the 
Base Prospectus [will be updated before expiry of its validity]/[will be updated on or around [●]] and, 
when approved, the updated Base Prospectus will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]1
 [Date] 
SecurAsset S.A. 
acting through its Compartment [●] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 54930048RHLTJXAMT751 
Issue of [Number of Certificates] [Series/Tranche] [Title of Certificates] [Guaranteed by [BNP 
Paribas/] on the terms set out herein] under its Secured Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under 
the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" in the Base Prospectus dated 22 September 2022 (the 
"Base Prospectus")[[,][ and] the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [●]2] and any[ further] 
supplements to the Base Prospectus published prior to the Issue Date (as defined below) (the 
"Supplement(s)")[ which together constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]3.  This document constitutes 
the Final Terms of the Certificates described herein [for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") [and the applicable rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange]]4 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus ([which includes the provisions of 
[Annex 1] [and] [Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Certificates,] [Annex 3 in the case of Share Linked 
Certificates,] [Annex 4 in the case of Debt Linked Certificates,] [Annex 5 in the case of Commodity Linked 
Certificates,] [Annex 6 in the case of Inflation Linked Certificates,] [Annex 7 in the case of Currency Linked 
Certificates,] [Annex 8 in the case of Fund Linked Certificates,] [Annex 9 in the case of Underlying Interest 
Rate Linked Certificates,] [Annex 10 in the case of Credit Linked Certificates] [Annex 11 in the case of ETI 
Linked Certificates)] [and] [Annex 12 in the case of Notional Value Repack Securities]) 5  and any 
Supplement(s); provided, however, that to the extent any such supplement (i) is published after the date of 
these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions as set out under the heading "Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates" in the Base Prospectus, such change(s) shall have no effect with respect to the 
Conditions of the Certificates to which these Final Terms relate.  Full information on the Issuer[, the 
Guarantor (if applicable)] and the offer of the Certificates is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s).  Prior to acquiring an interest in the 
1
Please note that if, for any reason, the 2023 Base Prospectus is not approved, the offer period for such issues must cease upon the 
expiry of the validity of the 2022 Base Prospectus.  
2
Where applicable, include the date of any Supplements which have been published prior to the date of the Final Terms. 
3
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Certificates. 
4
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Certificates. 
5
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 393 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 393 - 
Certificates described herein, prospective investors should read and understand the information provided in 
the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s).  Copies of the Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and these 
Final Terms are available for inspection from the specified office of the Principal Warrant and Certificate 
Agent [and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)]7 [ and [●]].  [A summary 
of the Certificates is annexed to these Final Terms.]8
N.B. when using a post-1 July 2012 approved Base Prospectus to tap a previous issue under a previously 
approved Base Prospectus, the final terms in the post-1 July 2012 Base Prospectus may (and will if the 
previous issue was contemplated under a pre-1 July 2012 Base Prospectus) take a different form to the final 
terms used for the original issue being tapped. The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be 
reviewed to ensure that they would not require the final terms documenting the further issue to include 
information which is no longer permitted in final terms.  Where the final terms documenting the further issue 
would need to include such information, it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown 
prospectus (incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared.
[The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of Certificates where the public offer period 
spans an update to the Base Prospectus.  If relevant, the update of the 2022 Base Prospectus will contain a 
list of offers for which the provisions of the paragraph below apply. Investors will be informed of their 
withdrawal rights in respect of such offers by notice when the 2023 Base Prospectus is published.]9
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 22 September 2022 (the "2022 Base Prospectus")[[,][ 
and] the supplement[s] to the 2022 Base Prospectus dated [●]] and any [further] supplements to the 2022 
Base Prospectus published prior to the Issue Date (as defined below) (the "Supplement(s)"), notwithstanding 
the approval of an updated base prospectus which will replace the 2022 Base Prospectus (the "2023 Base 
Prospectus").  The 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation")[and the applicable rules and regulations of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and the 2022 Base Prospectus will constitute a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable rules and 
regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and (i) prior to the approval date, must be read in conjunction 
with the 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented ([which includes the provisions of [Annex 1] [and] [Annex 
2 in the case of Index Linked Certificates,] [Annex 3 in the case of Share Linked Certificates,] [Annex 4 in 
the case of Debt Linked Certificates,] [Annex 5 in the case of Commodity Linked Certificates,] [Annex 6 in 
the case of Inflation Linked Certificates,] [Annex 7 in the case of Currency Linked Certificates,] [Annex 8 
in the case of Fund Linked Certificates,] [Annex 9 in the case of Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Certificates,] [Annex 10 in the case of Credit Linked Certificates] and [Annex 11 in the case of ETI Linked 
Certificates)] and [Annex 12 in the case of Notional Value Repack Securities])10, and (ii) on and after the 
approval date, must be read in conjunction with the 2023 Base Prospectus, save in respect of the Conditions 
which are extracted from the 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented.  To the extent any supplement (i) is 
published after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions as set out 
under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" in the 2022 Base Prospectus, such change(s) 
shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the Certificates to which these Final Terms relate.  Full 
information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor (if applicable)] and the offer of the Certificates is only available on 
the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and either (i) prior to the approval date, the 2022 Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented, or (ii) on or after the approval date, the 2022 Base Prospectus, as supplemented, 
6
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Certificates or amend as necessary in the case of any issue of Certificates which 
is non-exempt and which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
7
Delete in the case of any issue of Private Placement Certificates or amend as necessary in the case of any issue of Certificates which 
is non-exempt and which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
9
Please note that if, for any reason, the 2023 Base Prospectus is not approved, the offer period for such issues must cease upon the 
expiry of the validity of the 2022 Base Prospectus. 
10
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 394 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 394 - 
and the 2023 Base Prospectus.  Prior to acquiring an interest in the Certificates described herein, prospective 
investors should read and understand the information provided in the 2022 Base Prospectus and any 
Supplement(s) and, when available, the 2023 Base Prospectus.  Copies of the 2022 Base Prospectus, any 
Supplement(s) and these Final Terms are available, and copies of the 2023 Base Prospectus, will be available 
for inspection from the specified office of the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent [and will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)[ and [●]]. [A summary of the 
Certificates is annexed to these Final Terms.]11
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When adding any other Final Terms or information, consideration should be given as to whether such terms 
or information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a Supplement to the 
Base Prospectus under article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable rules and regulations of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.] 
These Final Terms relate to the series of Certificates as set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" below. 
References herein to "Certificates" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Certificates that are the 
subject of these Final Terms and references to "Certificate" shall be construed accordingly.  
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
SERIES 
NUMBER
NO. OF 
CERTIFICATES 
ISSUED
ISIN
COMMO
N CODE
ISSUE PRICE 
PER 
CERTIFICATE 
[EXERCISE 
PRICE] 
[EXERCISE 
DATES]
[RELEVANT 
JURISDICTION]
[SHARE 
AMOUNT/ 
DEBT 
SECURITY 
AMOUNT]
[TYPE OF 
INDEX] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[insert 
currency] 
[●]12
[insert 
currency] 
[●] 
[●] / [Not 
applicable] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
The following terms apply to each series of Securities:
12
Complete paragraph 2(ii) if an Initial FX Date is applicable.

--- Page 395 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 395 - 
13
In the case of Certificates which bear interest or premium. 
1.
 
Trade Date: 
[specify
2.
 
[(i)] Issue Date [and 
[Interest]/[Premium Amount] 
Commencement Date]13: 
[specify]  
[(ii)] Issue Price of Tranche: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Notional Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only if applicable)][which will be payable in the 
Settlement Currency at the Settlement Currency equivalent 
of such amount determined by reference to the Initial FX 
Rate.  
Where: 
"Initial FX Rate" means [specify]/ [the exchange rate at 
[specify time] on the [[●]  Business Day prior to the Issue 
Date], expressed as the amount of [specify currency] for 
which one [specify currency] may be exchanged 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
[specify source] (or any successor [page] thereto, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent), provided that if such 
source is not available, any such rate of exchange may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent [by reference to such 
sources as it considers to be appropriate and] acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner]/[the 
exchange rate obtained by multiplying (i) [specify first 
exchange rate] and (ii) [specify second exchange rate], 
with [specify first exchange rate] expressed as the amount 
of [specify currency] for which one [specify currency] may 
be exchanged determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to [specify source] (or any successor [page] 
thereto, as determined by the Calculation Agent) at [specify 
date/time] and [specify second exchange rate] expressed as 
the amount of [specify currency] for which one [specify 
currency] may be exchanged determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to [specify source] (or any 
successor [page] thereto, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) at [specify date/time] provided that if any such 
source is not available, any such rate of exchange may be 
determined by the Calculation Agent [by reference to such 
sources as it considers to be appropriate] and acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.]] 
[Delete if not applicable] 
3.
 
Consolidation: 
The Certificates are to be consolidated and form a single

--- Page 396 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 396 - 
series with the [insert title of relevant series of Securities] 
issued on [insert issue date]/[Not applicable] 
[The Certificates are fungible with an existing Series [insert 
title of existing Series], terms and conditions of which are 
governed by [the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 27 
November 2013 (the "2013 Base Prospectus")][and the 
supplement to the 2013 Base Prospectus dated 23 April 
2014 (the "April 2014 Supplement")][the SecurAsset base 
prospectus dated 27 November 2014 (the "2014 Base 
Prospectus")][and the supplement to the 2014 Base 
Prospectus dated 26 June 2015 (the "June 2015 
Supplement")][the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 27 
November 2015 (the "2015 Base Prospectus")] [and the 
supplement to the 2015 Base Prospectus dated 27 May 2016 
(the "May 2016 Supplement")][the SecurAsset base 
prospectus dated 28 September 2016 (the "2016 Base 
Prospectus")] [and the supplement to the 2016 Base 
Prospectus dated 1 March 2017 (the "March 2017 
Supplement")] [the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 26 
September 2017 (the "2017 Base Prospectus")] [and the 
supplement to the 2017 Base Prospectus dated 25 May 2018 
(the "May 2018 Supplement")] [the SecurAsset base 
prospectus dated 7 August 2018 (the "2018 Base 
Prospectus"][the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 3 July 
2019 (the "2019 Base Prospectus")][the SecurAsset base 
prospectus dated 10 July 2020 (the "2020 Base 
Prospectus")][the SecurAsset base prospectus dated 9 July 
2021 (the "2021 Base Prospectus")]. The Certificates 
[became][will become] fungible on [insert date].] 
4.
 
Type of Certificates: 
The Certificates are [Index Linked Certificates/Share 
Linked Certificates/Debt Linked Certificates/ETI Linked 
Certificates/Commodity 
Linked 
Certificates/Inflation 
Linked Certificates/Currency Linked Certificates/Fund 
Linked Certificates/Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Certificates/Credit 
Linked 
Certificates/Hybrid 
Certificates].  
[Exercise of Certificates applies to the Certificates.  
[Multiple Exercise applies to the Certificates.] The Exercise 
Date[s] is [are] [specify]] or, if [any] such day is not a 
Business Day, the immediately [preceding/succeeding] 
Business Day].] 
[The Exercise Settlement Dates are [specify].]] 
The provisions of Annex 1 [and] [the provisions of Annex 
2 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked 
Securities) shall apply] [the provisions of Annex 3 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [the provisions of Annex 4 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [the provisions of Annex 5 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked

--- Page 397 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 397 - 
14
Include for Open End Certificates that are Put/Call Open End Certificates. 
Securities) shall apply] [the provisions of Annex 6 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [the provisions of Annex 7 
(Additional terms and Conditions for Currency Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [the provisions of Annex 8 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [the provisions of Annex 9 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Underlying Interest 
Rate Linked Securities) shall apply.] [the provisions of 
Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Securities) shall apply.] [the provisions of Annex 11 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Linked 
Securities) shall apply.] [The provisions of Annex 12 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value 
Repack Securities) shall apply]. 
[Open End: Applicable 
The Certificates are Put/Call Open End Certificates]14
[Waiver of Set-Off: Not applicable] 
[Unwind Costs: Applicable/not applicable] 
[Essential Trigger: Applicable] 
5.
 
[(i)] 
Guaranteed Certificates: 
[Not 
Applicable][Applicable 
– 
General 
Guarantee][Applicable – Shortfall Guarantee (specify 
shortfall amount)] 
[(ii)]  
Guarantor: 
[BNP Paribas] 
6.
 
Aggregate Notional Amount: 
(i) 
Series: 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[specify] [An amount not greater than [specify] which will 
be notified to the Issuer by [specify] on or around [specify]] 
[specify] 
7.
 
Form of Certificates: 
[Clearing 
System 
Global 
Certificate][Registered 
Certificate] 
8.
 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
The applicable Business Day Centre[s] for the purposes of 
the definition of "Business Day" in Condition 12 [is/are] 
[specify]. 
9.
 
Financial Centre(s) 
(Condition 6(a)(ii)): 
[specify] 
10.  
Redemption Date: 
[specify][or if that is not a Business Day the immediately 
[succeeding/preceding] Business Day [unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event it 
will be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day] [(the "Scheduled Redemption Date")] 
[Redemption Date Postponement: [Applicable as set out in 
Condition 8(h)/Not applicable] (Where applicable, specify

--- Page 398 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 398 - 
15
Refer to the contents page relating to Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts), which is on pages 874 to 879, for 
details of the location within the Payout Conditions of the terms and conditions that are applicable to the Securities given the 
Coupon/Premium Amount Rate, Payout or Entitlement Amount elections above. 
relevant Postponement Business Days and Payment Delay 
Days) 
11.  
Settlement: 
Settlement will be by way of [cash payment ("Cash Settled 
Certificates")] [and/or] [physical delivery ("Physical 
Delivery Certificates")].  
[Condition to Final Payout Premium: 
[Applicable as set out in Condition 8(t)]/[Not applicable]
12.  
Rounding Convention for Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Rounding Convention 2]/[Not applicable] 
13.  
Variation of Settlement and Issuer’s 
Option to Substitute: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[(i)] 
Issuer's option to vary 
settlement: 
The Issuer [has/does not have] the option to vary settlement 
in respect of the Certificates. 
(N.B. If the Issuer does not have the option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Securities, delete the sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 13) 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement of 
Physical Delivery 
Securities: 
[Notwithstanding the fact that the Securities are Physical 
Delivery Securities, the Issuer may make payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date, and 
the provisions of Condition 6 will apply to the 
Securities/The Issuer will procure delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of the Securities and the provisions 
of Condition 6 will not apply to the Securities.]  [Specify 
whether Certificateholders will be entitled to elect for 
settlement by way of cash payment or by way of physical 
delivery or a combination of these for the purposes of 
Condition[ (1(a)]).] 
(iii) Issuer's option to substitute: 
[Applicable]/[not applicable]] 
14.  
Calculation Amount: 
[specify] 
15.  
The order of priority of payments 
made by the Issuer: 
[Swap 
Counterparty 
Priority][Pari 
Passu 
Ranking] 
[Certificateholder Priority] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16.  
Final Redemption Amount15: 
[Calculation Amount x 100%] 
[Calculation Amount x [●]%] 
[As per Credit Linked Conditions and paragraph 37 (Credit 
Linked Certificates) below] 
[Calculation Amount x Final Payout

--- Page 399 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 399 - 
Final Payout:]
[SPS Fixed Percentage Securities:
[Replicate formula from Payout Condition 1]] 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Securities 
[SPS Reverse Convertible Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[SPS Reverse Convertible Standard Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[SPS Vanilla Products 
[Vanilla Call Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Put Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Put Spread Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Digital Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[[Knock-in / Knock-out] Vanilla Call Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Range Accrual Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Conditions.]]]
[Asian Products 
[Asian Securities:

--- Page 400 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 400 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Asian Spread Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Himalaya Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Talisman Securities:  
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1]]]  
[Auto-Callable Products 
[Autocall Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Autocall One Touch Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Autocall Standard Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Indexation Products
[Certi Plus: Booster Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Bonus Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Leveraged Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Twin Win Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Super Sprinter Securities:

--- Page 401 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 401 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Generic Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Generic Knock-in Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Certi Plus: Generic Knock-out Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Ratchet Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Sum Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Option Max Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Stellar Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Driver Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Transition Securities 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Maximum Final Payout:  [specify]/Not applicable] 
[Minimum Final Payout:  [specify]/Not applicable] 
FI Payouts 
[FI FX Vanilla Securities: 
[Replicate formula and related provisions from Payout 
Condition 2]] 
[FI Digital Floor Securities:

--- Page 402 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 402 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
[FI Digital Cap Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
[FI Digital Plus Securities: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
[FI Inflation Securities:  
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2]] 
Payout Switch: 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
[If applicable replicate related provisions from Condition 
8(p). If not applicable delete remaining sub-paragraphs]
Payout Switch Election: [Applicable / Not applicable] 
Automatic Payout Switch: [Applicable / Not applicable] 
Switched Payout: [specify] 
Payout Switch Date: [specify] 
Aggregation: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
17.  
Certificateholder Put Option: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[NA x [specify] per cent.] 
[SPS Put Payout 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
for Payout Conditions]] 
(iii)
Notice period: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Optional Redemption Date: 
[specify] 
18.  
Issuer Call Option: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Optional 
Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 403 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 403 - 
(ii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(iii)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[Calculation Amount x [specify] per cent.] 
[SPS Call Payout 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
for Payout Condition 1]] 
(iv)
If redeemable in part: 
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify] 
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[specify] 
(v)
Notice period: 
[specify] 
19.  
Relevant Asset(s): 
The relevant asset to which the Certificates relate [is/are] 
[specify]. [Not applicable] [As per [Condition 8(w)(iv)] 
[and] [Condition 14(b)](N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Physical Delivery Securities that are not Credit Linked 
Securities) 
20.  
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery/Entitlement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/Physical Delivery Option 
[1/2/3]] 
(a)
[The Entitlement Amount in relation to each 
Security is: 
[Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[Delivery of the Underlying applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1] 
[Delivery of Basket Underlying: 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related provisions 
from Payout Condition 1.]] 
[As set out in [Condition 8(w)(iv)] [and] Condition 14(b)] 
(b)
[The Entitlement will be evidenced by [insert 
details of how the Entitlement will be evidenced].]

--- Page 404 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 404 - 
(c)
[The following Physical Delivery Events are 
applicable: 
[Reference Securities Restructuring Event;] 
[Reference Securities Regulatory Event;  [and] 
[Regulatory Ratio Delivery Event.]  
(Specify as applicable and delete if Physical 
Delivery Events are not applicable) 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Physical Delivery 
Securities) 
21.
Exchange Rate: 
The applicable rate of exchange for conversion of any 
amount into the relevant settlement currency for the 
purposes of determining the Settlement Price (as defined in 
the relevant Annex to the Terms and Conditions) or the 
Cash Settlement Amount is [insert rate of exchange, 
currencies, amounts of currencies, dates of when such rate 
is to be ascertained, time periods over which such rate is to 
be ascertained, any applicable percentages, reference rates 
and screen pages]/[specify]/[Not applicable]. 
22.  
Settlement Currency: 
The settlement currency for the payment of [the Final 
Redemption Amount] (in the case of Cash Settled 
Securities)(other than Put/Call Open End Certificates)/[the 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price] (in the case of Physical 
Delivery Securities)/ [Optional Redemption Amount] (in 
the case of Open End Certificates that are Put/Call Open 
End Certificates) is [specify]. 
23.  
Specified Currency: 
[specify][Insert in the case of Dual Currency Certificates: 
The Settlement Currency is as specified in Currency Linked 
Condition 7 for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount 
[Insert if Dual Currency Condition 1 is specified as 
applicable: and [Interest]/[Premium] Amount] below, 
subject to paragraph 34(x) [Insert if Dual Currency 
Condition 1 is specified as applicable and 44(xxviii)(j)] 
below. 
The Settlement Currency other than in respect of the Cash 
Settlement Amount [Insert if Dual Currency Condition 1 is 
specified as applicable: or the [Interest]/[Premium Amount] 
is [●]]  
(a)
[CNY Payment Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]
(b)
Postponement:
[Applicable/Not applicable]
(c)
Payment of Equivalent Amount:
[Applicable/Not applicable]
(d)
CNY Settlement Centre:
[specify]]

--- Page 405 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 405 - 
16
Include in the case of Registered Securities. 
17
Specify each Composite Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any). 
18
Specify each Custom Index (if any). 
24.  
Syndication: 
The Securities will be distributed on a [non-]syndicated 
basis. 
[if syndicated, specify names of the Managers] 
25.  
Minimum Trading Size: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]  
26.  
Registrar: 
[BNP 
Paribas 
Securities 
Services, 
Luxembourg 
Branch]/[BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg[insert 
address][Not applicable]16
27.  
Calculation Agent: 
[BNP Paribas]/[BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.]/[specify 
other][insert address]. 
28.  
Index Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Index/Basket of 
Indices/Index Sponsor(s): 
[insert type of Index/Indices (e.g. Total Return, Price Return, 
etc.) and] specify name of Index/Indices] 
[specify name of Index Sponsor(s)] 
[The [●] Index is a [Component Security]/[Multi-
Exchange] Index.]17
[The [●] Index is a Custom Index] 
[Asset Class Type: [Equity]/[Commodity] Custom Index]18
(ii)
Index Currency: 
[specify] 
(iii)
Exchange(s) 
and 
Index 
Sponsor(s): 
(a) The Exchange[s] [is/are] [specify]; and 
(b) The Index Sponsor is [specify]. 
(In the case of a Basket of Indices, repeat in respect of each 
Index) 
(iv)
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(v)
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable]  
(vi)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable]  
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(vii)
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement Price is 
[specify].  Each such Weighting shall be subject to

--- Page 406 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 406 - 
adjustment in accordance with Index Linked Condition 
6]/[specify other]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Securities relating to a Basket of Indices)] 
(viii)
Settlement Price: 
[Official opening level]/[Official closing level]/[level at the 
Valuation Time] [specify] 
(ix)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[[specify] Scheduled Trading Days] [As specified in Index 
Linked Condition 4] 
(x)
Valuation Time: 
[Scheduled Closing Time] [Continuous monitoring [specify 
other] and relevant time on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or the Averaging Date, as the case may be is the 
Valuation Time] [The Valuation Time is [specify]] (N.B. if 
no time specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled 
Closing Time. Not applicable in the case of Custom 
Indices). 
(xi)
Redemption on Occurrence 
of an Index Adjustment 
Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable]  
[Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index Adjustment 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Index Linked Condition 
2(B)(ix) applies]] 
(xii)
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Index Linked Condition 4/specify] 
(xiii)
Additional 
provisions 
applicable 
to 
Custom 
Indices: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(b)
[Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[All Custom Indices Basis/Per Custom Index Basis/Single 
Index Basis]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom Index 
Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities)
(c)
[Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day: 
[All Custom Indices Basis/Per Custom Index Basis/Single 
Custom Index Basis]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom Index 
Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities)
(N.B. Must match election made for Custom Index Business 
Day)

--- Page 407 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 407 - 
19
Specify each GDR or ADR (if any).  In the case of Share Securities relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Securities Final Terms 
as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s). 
20
Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares.  In the case of Share Linked Securities relating to Stapled 
Shares, complete Share Linked Securities Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s). 
(d)
[Custom Index 
Correction Period: 
[As per Index Linked Condition 8]/[ specify]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom Index 
Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities)
(e)
Redemption on 
Occurrence of a 
Custom Index 
Adjustment Event [or 
Commodity Custom 
Index Market 
Disruption Event]: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Custom Index 
Adjustment Event [or Commodity Custom Index Market 
Disruption Event]: [Applicable/Not applicable]  
[Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Custom Index 
Adjustment Event [or Commodity Custom Index Market 
Disruption Event] constitutes a force majeure, Index Linked 
Condition 
[6(B)(3)(ii)(x)]/[6.2(c)(vi)]/[6.2(b)(v)] 
[and 
17.2(b)(iii)(E)] applies]] 
(f)
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption 
Event: 
[[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[●]]/[As per Index Linked Condition 8]] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
twenty). 
29.  
Share Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR: 
[insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies] 
[GDR/ADR applicable]19
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]20
(ii)
Relative 
Performance 
Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(iii)
Share Currency: 
[specify] 
(iv)
ISIN of Share(s): 
[specify] 
(v)
Exchange(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 408 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 408 - 
(vi)
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(vii)
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
(viii)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(ix)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable] [The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Shares to ascertain the Settlement 
Price is [specify].  Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Annex 3]/[specify other]. 
(N.B. Only applicable in relation to Securities relating to a 
Basket of Shares)] 
(x)
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]/[price at the Valuation Time]] [specify] 
(xi)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[[specify] Scheduled Trading Days][As specified in Share 
Linked Condition 4] 
(xii)
Valuation Time: 
Scheduled Closing Time/Any time [on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date /during the Observation Period.] [The 
Valuation Time is [specify].]
(xiii)
Redemption on Occurrence 
of an Extraordinary Event: 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Event:[Not applicable/Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Share Linked Condition 
[2(b)(B)(ii)(3)] [2(b)(B)(x)] applies] 
[Insert in the case of Dual Currency Certificates: Not 
applicable] 
(xiv)
Share Correction Period 
 [specify] [As per Share Linked Condition 6] 
(xv)
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xvi)
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xvii)
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xviii)
Tender Offer: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xix)
CSR Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 409 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 409 - 
(xx)
Hedging Liquidity Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Maximum Hedging Liquidity Level:] 
[[●] per cent] / [As per Share Linked Condition 2(c)(i)] 
30.
Debt Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Debt Securities: 
[specify][Not applicable]  
(ii)
Reference Price: 
[The Reference Price[s] for [specify relevant Debt 
Securities] is/are the [bid price]/[mid price]/[offer 
price]/[bid 
yield]/[mid 
yield]/[offer 
yield].] 
[Not 
applicable] 
(iii)
Nominal Amount: 
[The relevant nominal amount is [●] and the Relevant 
Screen Page is [●].][Not applicable] 
(iv)
Exchange Business Day 
Centre(s): 
[specify] 
(v)
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(vi)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As defined in Debt Linked Condition 5/[[specify] 
Scheduled Trading Days.][Not applicable] 
(vii)
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence 
of 
Debt 
Security 
Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]]
(viii)
Debt Security Correction 
Period: 
[As per the Conditions]/[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(ix)
Debt Security Issuer: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(x)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Debt Securities to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●].  Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment.] 
31.  
ETI Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
(ii)
ETI Interest(s): 
[insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
(iii)
ETI Related Party: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(iv)
ETI Documents: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify]

--- Page 410 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 410 - 
(v)
Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(vi)
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
(vii)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single ETI 
Interest Basis] 
(viii)
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single ETI 
Interest Basis] 
(ix)
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(x)
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xi)
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(xii)
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(xiii)
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xiv)
Value per ETI Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xv)
Number 
of 
Value 
Publication Days: 
[[specify] calendar days] [[specify] Value Business Days] 
[Value Business Day Centre(s): [specify] 
(Only applicable if Number of Value Publication Days is 
calculated by reference to Value Business Days)] 
(xvi)
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xvii)
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xviii)
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xix)
Settlement 
Price/Closing 
Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] 
(xx)
Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket is [specify] 
(xxi)
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(xxii)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify]  
(xxiii)
Additional 
Extraordinary 
ETI Event(s): 
[specify] 
(xxiv)
Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [specify].]  
(xxv)
ETI 
Interest 
Correction 
Period: 
[specify] 
(xxvi)
Spread : 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify]

--- Page 411 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 411 - 
21
Delete if using automated Commodity Reference Prices 
22
Only applicable in respect of Commodity Securities linked to a single Commodity. 
(xxvii) Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(xxviii) Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary ETI Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
(xxix)
Protected Amount : 
[specify] 
32.  
Commodity Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Commodity / Commodities 
/ Commodity Index / 
Commodity Indices: 
[specify 
Commodity/Commodities/Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity [Index/Indices] [is/are] 
[specify]] 
[Insert in the case of Commodities that are EU Allowances: 
The [Commodity]/[specify Commodities] [is an]/[are] EU 
Allowance[s].  
[Relevant Registry: [specify]]] 
(ii)
Pricing Date(s): 
[specify] 
(iii)
Initial Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Final Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(v)
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[specify] 
The Price Source is/are [specify]21
(vi)
Delivery Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(vii)
Nearby Month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(viii)
Specified Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(ix)
Exchange: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(x)
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[specify]/[As per Commodity Linked Condition 2] 
(xi)
Valuation Time: 
[Continuous monitoring [specify other] and the relevant 
time on [insert relevant date(s)].]/[specify] (N.B. if no time 
specified, the Valuation Time will be the Scheduled Closing 
Time. Not applicable in the case of Custom Indices). 
(xii)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify] [[specify] Commodity Business Days]22

--- Page 412 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 412 - 
(xiii)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/[specify]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with Commodity 
Linked Condition 3] 
(xiv)
Redemption following 
Market Disruption Event or 
Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 
[2.1(iii)/3.2(a)(i)] 
applies]/[Highest Value]/[Market Value]/[Monetisation 
Option] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Market Disruption 
Event or Commodity Index Adjustment Event constitutes a 
force majeure, Commodity Linked Condition 2.1(vii) or 
3.2(a)(v), respectively, applies] 
33.  
Inflation Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Inflation 
Index/Inflation 
Indices/Index Sponsor: 
[specify name of inflation index/indices] 
[specify name of inflation index sponsor(s)] 
(ii)
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(iii)
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(iv)
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(v)
Related Bond Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [If applicable, specify] 
(vi)
Substitute Inflation Index 
Level: 
[As determined in accordance with Inflation Linked 
Condition 1] [specify]. 
(vii)
Cut-off Date: 
In respect of a [Valuation Date], the day that is [specify] 
Business Days prior to such [Valuation Date]. 
(viii)
Valuation 
Date/Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Reference Month: 
[specify] 
(x)
Initial Fixing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xi)
Final Fixing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii)
Inflation 
Index 
Level 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xiii)
Currency Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xiv)
Index Cancellation: 
[Inflation Linked Condition 3(vii)(b) applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Market Value]/[Monetisation Option]

--- Page 413 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 413 - 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index Cancellation 
constitutes a force majeure, Inflation Linked Condition 
3(vii)(f) applies] 
34.  
Currency Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If the Certificates are Dual Currency Certificates where 
the Settlement Currency of the Interest Amount is dependent 
on whether the Dual Currency Condition has been satisfied, 
specify "Applicable" and complete relevant prompts 
below.)
(i)
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(ii)
The 
relevant 
base 
currency 
(the 
"Base 
Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(iii)
The 
relevant 
subject 
[currency/currencies] 
([the]/[each a] "Subject 
Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Currencies to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [specify]] 
(v)
Price Source: 
[specify]/[Insert in the case of Dual Currency Certificates: 
Not applicable] 
(vi)
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[specify]/[five] Scheduled Trading Days 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption is stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
five) 
(vii)
Settlement Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(viii)
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence 
of 
a 
Disruption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
[Insert in the case of Dual Currency Certificates: Not 
applicable]

--- Page 414 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 414 - 
(x)
[Dual 
Currency 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[Dual Currency Condition [1]/[2]: [Less than]/[Less than or 
equal to]/[Greater than]/[Greater than or equal to]] 
[Dual Currency Determination Date(s): [specify]/[each 
Valuation Date]] 
[Strike Rate: [[specify set exchange rate], expressed as the 
number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for 
which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged]]
35.  
Fund Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
Fund/Fund 
Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund 
Indices/Euro 
Fund: 
[specify Fund/Fund Basket/Fund Index/Fund Indices/Euro 
Fund]
[The Fund Index Sponsor[s] of the Fund [Index/Indices] 
[is/are] [●]] 
[Fund Index Currency: [specify]] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Private Equity Fund]  
[SC/FM Fund Events: Applicable] 
[[The [●] Fund is a Euro Fund]  
[The Insurance Company is [specify]  
Provisional Minimum Rate: [specify website]  
Gross Rate of Return: [specify website]  
[Floor Rate of Return: Applicable – the Floor Rate of 
Return is [specify]  
Euro Fund Business Day Centre: [specify]/[Paris]]  
(If the Euro Fund Provisions are applicable delete items 
35(ii) to (ix) and 35(xi) to (xxii) below and complete items 
35(x) and 35(xxiii)) 
(ii)
[Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
(iii)
Fund Documents: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify]

--- Page 415 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 415 - 
(iv)
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis/Per Fund Share Basis/Single Fund 
Share Basis] 
(v)
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Disruption: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(vi)
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify][insert name] 
(vii)
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(viii)
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(ix)
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] 
(x)
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(xi)
AUM Level: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xii)
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xiii)
NAV Trigger Period:  
[specify] 
(xiv)
Number 
of 
NAV 
Publication Days: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xv)
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xvi)
Termination Amount: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1][specify]/[Market 
Value]/[Highest Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
[Fund Event Force Majeure: Applicable] 
(xvii)
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(xviii)
Weighting: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]/[specify]. 
Each 
such 
Weighting shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with 
Fund Linked Condition 4] 
(xix)
[Protected Amount : 
[specify] per cost of the Notional Amount] [Not applicable] 
(xx)
Delayed Payment Cut-off 
Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xxi)
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Fund Event : 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(xxii)
Redemption 
on 
the 
Occurrence of Fund Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]]

--- Page 416 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 416 - 
[If Early Redemption Amount, Highest Value or 
Monetisation Option are applicable: Protected Amount: 
[specify] per cent. of the Notional Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Fund Linked 
Condition 6(iv)(G) applies]] 
(xxiii)
Redemption 
on 
the 
Occurrence 
of 
an 
Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Euro Fund Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
36.  
Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If more than one Underlying Interest Rate is to be 
determined, include the following language: "Underlying 
Interest Rate1:" and "Underlying Interest Rate2:" and 
repeat paragraphs 36(i) to (vii) below, as applicable and 
repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate) 
(i)
Underlying 
Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
[specify] 
(ii)
Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Underlying Interest Rate is 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[specify] (Either EURIBOR or other)
(b)
Specified Time: 
[specify] 
(which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR)
(c)
Relevant Screen 
Page: 
[specify] 
(iv)
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[specify]

--- Page 417 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 417 - 
(b)
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(c)
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
(v)
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(vi)
Minimum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(vii)
Maximum 
Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
37.  
Credit Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable – the Certificates are Credit Linked 
Certificates/Not applicable] 
(i)
Type of Security: 
[Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Certificate] 
[Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Certificate  
N: [specify] 
Substitution: [Not applicable] [Applicable]] 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Certificate]  
Substitution: [Not applicable][Applicable] 
Zero Recovery: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
No Prior Event Determination 
Date: 
[Not applicable][Applicable] 
(ii)
Transaction Type: 
[Not 
applicable][Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate][Standard 
European 
Corporate][Standard 
European Financial Corporate][Standard European CoCo 
Financial Corporate][Standard European Senior Non-
Preferred Financial Corporate][Standard Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Corporate][Standard 
Emerging 
European Corporate LPN][Standard Emerging European 
Corporate] [Standard Latin America Corporate BL] 
[Standard Australia [Financial] Corporate][Standard New 
Zealand [Financial] Corporate][Standard Japan [Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard Asia [Financial] Corporate][Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate][Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign][Standard Latin America Sovereign][Standard 
Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign][Standard 
Australia 
Sovereign][Standard 
New 
Zealand 
Sovereign][Standard Japan Sovereign][Standard Singapore 
Sovereign][Standard Asia Sovereign][Standard Sukuk 
Sovereign][Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and 
Credit][Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund][Standard 
U.S. Municipal Revenue] [specify]  
[Index Sponsor: [●]] [Delete if not applicable]

--- Page 418 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 418 - 
23
NB.  The Reference Entity (or the issuer of the reference obligation) must have securities admitted to trading on a regulated market 
equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market.  Include information required by Item 2.2.2 of Annex 17 of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 including name, ISIN, address, country of incorporation, industry or industries in which the 
reference entity (or the issuer of the reference obligation) operates and the name of the regulated market,  equivalent third country 
market or SME Growth Market on which its securities are admitted. 
(iii)
Scheduled Redemption Date: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Reference Entity(ies): 
[specify]23
(v)
Reference Entity Notional 
Amount:  
[specify][As per Credit Linked Condition 10] 
[Credit Linked Interest Only: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
(vi)
Reference Obligation(s): 
(a) 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[specify]] 
[The obligation identified as 
follows: 
[With respect to [●]] (Delete if single Reference Entity) 
Primary Obligor:[specify] 
Guarantor:[specify] 
Maturity:[specify] 
Coupon:[specify] 
CUSIP/ISIN:[specify] 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Senior 
Level]/[Subordinated 
Level][specify][Not applicable] 
Original Issue Amount:[specify] 
[The obligation specified as the Reference Obligation above 
shall be the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
notwithstanding that such obligation is not an obligation of 
the Reference Entity, and notwithstanding any contrary 
provision of the definition of "Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation" (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
paragraph (a) of the definition thereof applies).] [Delete if 
not applicable or if Reference Obligation above is an 
obligation of the Reference Entity] 
(b) 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[specify]] 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Senior]/[Subordinated][specify][Not 
applicable] 
Maturity:[specify] 
Coupon:[specify]

--- Page 419 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 419 - 
CUSIP/ISIN:[specify] 
(vii)
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement] [Physical Settlement]Final Price [●]] 
[Minimum Quotation Amount [●]]  [Cash Settlement]  
[Not applicable] (Insert for Zero Recovery Credit Linked 
Certificates) 
[Unwind Costs: [Not applicable] [●]] [Delete if Unwind 
Costs are applicable] [No Charged Assets Loss is 
applicable] 
[Payment Requirement: [specify]] 
[Default Requirement: [specify]] [Delete if not applicable] 
(viii)
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Physical Settlement] [Cash Settlement] 
(ix)
Settlement Deferral: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(x)
Settlement Currency: 
[specify]  
(xi)
Merger Event: 
[Credit Linked Condition 2(c) [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(If Applicable): 
[Merger Event Redemption Date: [●]] 
(xii)
LPN Reference Entities: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/[specify]/As 
per 
the 
Transaction Type]
(xiii)
Terms 
relating 
to 
Cash 
Settlement: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 2] [Not applicable]  
(xiv)
Terms relating to Physical 
Settlement: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 4] [Not applicable] 
(xv)
NTCE Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/[●]/As specified in the Exhibit 
to the Final Terms/As per the Transaction Type] 
[Where NTCE Provisions are applicable:] 
[Fallback Discounting: [Applicable/Not applicable/As 
specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As per the 
Transaction Type]] 
[Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable/As specified in the Exhibit to the Final Terms/As 
per the Transaction Type]]
(xvi)
Accrual of Interest upon 
Credit Event: 
[As per Credit Linked Condition 3(a)(A)(i)] [As per Credit 
Linked Condition 3(a)(A)(ii)][As per Credit Linked 
Condition 3(b)][Continued Interest Accrual applicable] 
(xvii) Interest: 
[specify] [No Interest Post Scheduled Redemption is 
applicable]

--- Page 420 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 420 - 
(xviii) Additional 
Credit 
Linked 
Security Disruption Events: 
[The following Additional Credit Linked Security 
Disruption 
Events 
apply 
to 
the 
Certificates:][Not 
applicable] 
(Specify each of the following of which applies) 
[Change in Law] 
[Hedging Disruption] 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
(xix)
Additional provisions: 
[Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions: [Not 
applicable]] [Delete if Change in Standard Terms and 
Market Conventions applies]] 
[In respect of [specify relevant Reference Entity], [Include 
Accrued Interest] [Exclude Accrued Interest] applicable] 
(xx)
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[The date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date] 
[Issue Date] [specify] 
(xxi)
Credit Event Observation 
Period End Date: 
[Applicable[specify]] [Not applicable] 
(xxii) Principal Protection Level: 
[specify] 
(xxiii) CoCo Supplement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable/As per the Transaction Type] 
(Delete if CoCo Supplement is not applicable) 
[Trigger Percentage: [●] [/As specified in Annex 10 (Annex 
for Credit Linked Securities)]  
(xxiv) Calculation and Settlement 
Suspension: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
(xxv) Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level] [Subordinated Level] [●] 
38.  
Hybrid Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[If applicable: 
(i) The Certificates are linked to each of the types of 
Underlying Reference (each a "Type of Underlying 
Reference") set out in the table below.  The terms and 
conditions of the Certificates will be construed on the 
basis that in respect of each separate Type of 
Underlying Reference, the relevant terms applicable to 
each such separate Type of Underlying Reference will 
apply, as the context admits, separately and 
independently in respect of the relevant Type of 
Underlying Reference[, subject as provided in (ii) 
below].

--- Page 421 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 421 - 
[Include each Type of Underlying Reference] 
Type of Underlying Reference 
[●] [See item [●]] 
[●] [See item [●]] 
[●] [See item [●]] 
(ii) Hybrid Business Day [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable:
"Hybrid Business Day" means a day which is a 
Scheduled Trading Day (as defined in the relevant 
Annex and completed in the applicable Final Terms) 
for each Type of Underlying Reference specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
[If Hybrid Business Day is applicable, each date for 
valuation (e.g. valuation date, averaging date, 
observation date etc.) which is the subject of the Hybrid 
Certificates provisions should be expressed to be "[●] 
or if that is not a Hybrid Business Day the immediately 
[succeeding/preceding] Hybrid Business Day"]] 
39.  
Illegality (Condition 7(a)) and Force 
Majeure (Condition 7(b)): 
Illegality: [[Highest Value]/[Market Value]/[Monetisation 
Option][Annex ERE] applicable] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify]]  
Force Majeure: [ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind 
Costs][Annex ERE] 
40.  
Additional Disruption Events and 
Optional Additional Disruption 
Events: 
(i) Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]/[Change in Law/Hedging Disruption] does 
not apply to the Certificates] 
[Change in Law – Hedge Maintenance Cost: Not 
applicable] 
(ii) Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events: 
[Not 
applicable][The 
following 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the Securities: 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies. N.B. 
Optional Additional Disruption Events are applicable 
to certain Index Linked Securities, Share Linked 
Securities, ETI Linked Securities and Commodity 
Linked Securities. Careful consideration should be 
given to whether Optional Additional Disruption 
Events would apply for Debt Linked Securities, 
Currency Linked Securities and Fund Linked 
Securities and, if so, the relevant definitions will 
require amendment.)

--- Page 422 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 422 - 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event]  
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Insolvency Filing] 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Share Linked 
Securities) 
[Cancellation Event] 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Debt Linked 
Securities) 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
[[Stop-Loss Event] 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [5] per cent.]] 
[Currency Event] 
[Extraordinary External Event] 
[Significant Alteration Event] 
[Jurisdiction Event [- Hedging Arrangements: Not 
applicable]] 
[Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity] 
(N.B. Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity is applicable 
to certain Share Linked Securities.  Careful 
consideration should be given to whether Failure to 
Deliver due to Illiquidity would apply to other Physical 
Delivery Securities) 
[Hedging Party Default] 
(iii) [The Maximum Stock Loan Rate [in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant Share/Security]] is 
[specify]. 
(iv) Redemption: Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event 
and/or 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[if applicable: 
[Protected Amount: [[ ] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] [Must be specified if Highest Value or 
Monetisation Option are applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]]

--- Page 423 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 423 - 
24
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Securities, Share Linked Securities, Debt Linked Securities, ETI Linked Securities, 
Commodity Linked Securities and Currency Linked Securities. 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
41.  
Knock-in Event24: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"/"within"]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
SPS Knock-in Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If applicable replicate relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 1) 
[If SPS Knock-in Valuation is not applicable and the 
Securities are Currency Securities, specify if FX Knock-in 
Valuation is applicable.] 
[If FX Knock-in Valuation is applicable, replicate relevant 
provisions from Payout Condition 1.] 
[FX Coupon Performance: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(ii)
Level: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[traded 
price]/[bid price]/[asked price][Not applicable] 
(iii)
Knock-in 
[Price][Level]/Knock-in 
Range [Price][Level]: 
[specify] [FX Knock-in Level] 
[If FX Knock-in Level is specified replicate relevant 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
(iv)
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date:
[specify] 
(v)
Knock-in Period Beginning 
Date Day Convention:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(vi)
Knock-in 
Determination 
Period:
[specify]/[See definition in Condition 8] 
(vii)
Knock-in 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/ Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day/ Commodity Business 
Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day] in the Knock-in 
Determination Period] 
(viii) Knock-in 
Period 
Ending 
Date:
[specify] 
(ix)
Knock-in Period Ending Date 
Day Convention:
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 424 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 424 - 
25
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Securities, Share Linked Securities, Debt Linked Securities ETI Linked Securities, 
Commodity Linked Securities and Currency Linked Securities. 
(x)
Knock-in Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition 8]/[Valuation 
Time]/[Any time on a Knock-in Determination Day]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xi)
Knock-in Value: 
[specify] 
(xii)
Knock-in Observation Price 
Source:
[specify] 
42.  
Knock-out Event25: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[specify]/["greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less 
than"/"less than or equal to"]/["within"]/[Knock-out 
Corridor Range] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i)
SPS Knock-out Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable replicate relevant provisions from Payout 
Condition 1] 
[If SPS Knock-out Valuation is not applicable and the 
Securities are Currency Securities, specify if FX Knock-out 
Valuation is applicable.] 
[If FX Knock-out Valuation is applicable, replicate relevant 
provisions from Payout Condition 1.] 
[FX Coupon Performance: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Performance Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
(ii)
Level: 
[Knock-out Corridor Value 1:] [Official level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[trade 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked 
price][Not applicable] 
[Knock-out Corridor Value 2: [official level]/[official 
close]/last 
price]/[traded 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked 
price]/[Standard Level][/Not Applicable]] 
(iii)
Knock-out 
[Price][Level] 
/Knock-out 
Range 
[Price][Level]/Knock-out 
Corridor Range: 
[specify][FX Knock-out Level] 
[If FX Knock-out Level is specified replicate relevant 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[If Knock-out Corridor Range is applicable:  
[If Knock-out Corridor Range is applicable: 
Knock-out Low Barrier: [specify]

--- Page 425 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 425 - 
Knock-out High Barrier: [specify]  
(iv)
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date:
[specify] 
(v)
Knock-out Period Beginning 
Date Day Convention:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(vi)
Knock-out 
Determination 
Period:
[specify]/[See definition in Condition 8] 
(vii)
Knock-out 
Determination 
Day(s): 
[specify]/[Each [Scheduled Trading Day/ Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day/ Commodity Business 
Day/Fund Business Day/Business Day] in the Knock-out 
Determination Period] 
(viii)
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date:
[specify] 
(ix)
Knock-out Period Ending 
Date Day Convention:
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
(x)
Knock-out Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[See definition in Condition 8] [Any time on a 
Knock-out Determination Day]/[Valuation Time]/[Not 
applicable] 
(xi)
Knock-out Value: 
[specify] 
(xii)
Knock-out Observation Price 
Source:
[specify] 
43.  
Notional Amount of each 
Certificate: 
[[currency][amount]/[Not applicable]]. 
[FX 
Settlement 
Disruption 
Event 
Determination: 
Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST AND PREMIUM AMOUNTS (IF ANY) APPLICABLE 
44.  
Interest/Premium Amounts: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
under this paragraph) 
Condition to Interest Payment: [Applicable as set out in 
Condition 4(i)/Not applicable] 
[Coupon Switch: [Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[Coupon 
Switch 
Election: 
Applicable]/[Automatic 
Coupon Switch: Applicable [replicate relevant provisions 
from Condition 1 of the Payout Conditions]] 
Pre-Switch Coupon: [Fixed Rate]/[Floating Rate]/[Linked 
Interest]: [SPS Fixed Coupon]/[SPS Variable Amount 
Coupon]/[Digital Coupon]/[Snowball Digital Coupon] 
/[Accrual Digital Coupon]/[Stellar Coupon]/[Cappuccino 
Coupon]/[Ratchet 
Coupon]/[Driver 
Coupon]/[Nova

--- Page 426 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 426 - 
Coupon]/[Sum 
Coupon]/[Option 
Max 
Coupon]/[Transition Coupon]/[FX Vanilla Coupon]/[FX 
Digital Coupon]/[FX Range Accrual Coupon]/[FX 
Memory Coupon]/[FI Digital Coupon] /[Range Accrual 
Coupon]/[Combination 
Floater 
Coupon] 
/[PRDC 
Coupon]/[FI Digital Floor Coupon]/[FI Digital Cap 
Coupon]/[FI 
Target 
Coupon], 
[Duration 
Adjusted 
Coupon] (see items [specify] below] 
Post-Switch 
Coupon: 
[Fixed 
Rate]/[Floating 
Rate]/[Linked Interest]: [SPS Fixed Coupon]/[SPS 
Variable Amount Coupon]/[Digital Coupon]/[Snowball 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Accrual 
Digital 
Coupon]/[Stellar 
Coupon] 
/[Cappuccino 
Coupon]/[Ratchet 
Coupon]/[Driver 
Coupon] 
/[Nova 
Coupon]/[Sum 
Coupon]/[Option Max Coupon]/[Transition Coupon]/[FX 
Vanilla Coupon]/[FX Digital Coupon]/[FX Range Accrual 
Coupon]/[FX Memory Coupon]/[FI Digital Coupon]/ 
[Range Accrual Coupon]/[Combination Floater Coupon]/ 
[PRDC Coupon]/[FI Digital Floor Coupon]/[FI Digital 
Cap Coupon]/[FI Target Coupon]/[Duration Adjusted 
Coupon] [Insert relevant provisions, replicating relevant 
prompts from items (xv) and/or (xvi) as applicable, below] 
Additional Switch Coupon: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable:
Additional Switch Coupon Amount: [specify] [Calculation 
Amount × [●]%]] [Where a Coupon Switch occurs 
[in][on] is payable [in][on] [specify],  [Calculation 
Amount × [●]%]] (Repeat as necessary) 
Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date: [Specify] 
Coupon Switch Date[s]: [Specify]] 
[If the Certificates are Fixed Rate Certificates and Floating 
Rate Certificates, complete prompts (i) to (xv) 
accordingly] 
(i)
Interest Period(s): 
[specify] 
(ii)
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[specify] 
(iii)
Specified Period: 
[specify] 
(iv)
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding/FRN/None/Not applicable] 
(A Business Day Convention must be specified where the 
Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR, €STR,SARON or 
TONA) 
(v)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[specify] 
(vi)
Business Day Convention for 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Following/Modified 
Following/Preceding/FRN/None/Not applicable]

--- Page 427 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 427 - 
26
Refer to the contents page relating to Annex 1 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts), which is on pages 874 to 879 for 
details of the location within the Payout Conditions of the terms and conditions that are applicable to the Securities given the 
Coupon/Premium Amount Rate, Payout or Entitlement Amount elections above. 
(If a Business Day Convention is specified for Interest 
Period End Date(s), unless Interest Payment Date(s) is 
(are) expressed to be a number of Business Days after the 
relevant Interest Period End Final Date, Interest Payment 
Date(s) must be subject to the same Business Day 
Convention) 
(vii)
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent):
[specify] 
(viii) Margin(s): 
[[+/-][specify] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
(ix)
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum/As per Conditions] 
(x)
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum/Not applicable] 
(xi)
Rate Multiplier: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xii)
Day Count Fraction: 
[specify]/[unadjusted] 
(xiii) Determination Dates: 
[specify] in each year [insert regular payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or redemption date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon.] (N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(xiv) Accrual to Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If Accrual to Redemption is not applicable: 
Accrual 
to 
Preceding 
IPED: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][insert in the case of Credit Linked 
Certificates where Accrual to Redemption is Not 
Applicable]] 
(xv)
[Rate of Interest/ Premium 
Amount Rate]: 
[Fixed Rate[ - Dual Currency Condition 1 applies (see 
paragraph 44(xxviii)(j) below]] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Fixed Rate and Floating Rate] 
[Linked [Interest / Premium Amount]]: 
(Include one or more of the 
following if applicable26:) 
[SPS Fixed Coupon 
[Replicate formula from Payout Condition 1.] 
[SPS Variable Amount Coupon 
[Replicate formula from Payout Condition 1.]] 
[Vanilla Call Rate

--- Page 428 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 428 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Snowball Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1.] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Accrual Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1.] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Stellar Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1.] 
[Vanilla Call Rate

--- Page 429 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 429 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Cappuccino Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1.] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Ratchet Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1.] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Driver Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1.] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Nova Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1.] 
[Vanilla Call Rate

--- Page 430 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 430 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Sum Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Condition 1] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Option Max Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Condition 1] 
[Transition Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Condition 1] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[FX Vanilla Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate

--- Page 431 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 431 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[FI Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[FX Digital Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
 [Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]]

--- Page 432 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 432 - 
[FX Range Accrual Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[FX Memory Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[Rate: [Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Combination Floater Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Condition 2.] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[PRDC Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula and other related provisions from 
Payout Condition 2.] 
[Vanilla Call Rate

--- Page 433 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 433 - 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[FI Digital Floor Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2.] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[FI Digital Cap Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2.] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[FI Target Coupon applicable 
[Replicate formula from Payout Condition 2] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Duration Adjusted Coupon applicable: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]]] 
[Rate: 
[[ specify] per cent. [per annum]

--- Page 434 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 434 - 
(If more than one fixed rate is to be determined, specify 
each such rate)] 
[Floating Rate – [Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
(If more than one floating rate is to be determined, repeat 
sub-paragraphs of (xviii), (xix) or (xx), as applicable, for 
each such rate)] 
[Vanilla Call Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Vanilla Call Spread Rate 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and other related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]] 
[Minimum Premium 
Amount Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum/Not applicable]] 
[Minimum Premium 
Amount Rate: 
[[specify] per cent. per annum/Not applicable]] 
[Margin(s) 
[[+/-[specify] per cent. per annum/Not applicable]] 
(N.B. Margin may only be applicable if the Premium 
Amount Rate is a Floating Rate – Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF Determination) 
(xvi)
Coupon Rate: 
[Applicable/Not applicable][Where applicable, specify 
one or more of the options specified in paragraph (xv) 
above and replicate the formula, relevant value(s) and 
other related provisions from Payout Condition 1 or 2, as 
applicable]  
(xvii)
Fixed Rate Provisions: 
[Applicable 
– 
the 
Certificates 
are 
Fixed 
Rate 
Certificates/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[Specify if more than one fixed rate is to be determined, 
repeat items (a) to (b) below for each such rate and, if FI 
Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish between the Rate 
which is FI Rate A and the Rate which is FI Rate B] 
(a)
Fixed Rate[(s)] of 
Interest ([including/ 
excluding] on 
overdue amounts 
after Redemption 
Date or date set for 
early redemption): 
[specify] per cent. [per annum].

--- Page 435 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 435 - 
(b)
Fixed Coupon 
Amount[(s)]: 
[[specify] per Certificate [Not applicable]] 
(xviii)
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable – the Certificates are Floating Rate 
Certificates/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
[Specify if more than one floating rate is to be 
determined, repeat items (a) to (e) below for each such 
rate and, if FI Digital Coupon is applicable, 
distinguish between the Rate which is FI Rate A and 
the Rate which is FI Rate B] 
(a)
Manner in which Rate 
of Interest and 
Interest Amount to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination] 
(b)
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using linear interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(c)
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable 
– 
[IBOR]/[SONIA]/[SOFR]/[€STR]/[SARON]/[TONA
]]/[Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A)
Reference 
Rate: 
[EURIBOR/STIBOR/SONIA/SOFR/€STR/SARON/
TONA] (The Reference Rate must be, EURIBOR, 
STIBOR, SONIA, €STR, TONA or SARON) 
(B)
[Interest]/ 
[Premium 
Amount] 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(Second TARGET2 day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR or second 
Stockholm business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if the Reference Rate is STIBOR) 
[[●] London Business Days prior to each Interest 
Period End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA) 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior 
to each Interest Period End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR) 
[[●] TARGET2 Business Days prior to each Interest  
Period End Final Date]

--- Page 436 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 436 - 
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR) 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days prior to each Interest Period 
End Final Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SARON) 
[[●] Tokyo Banking Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is TONA) 
(C)
Specified 
Time: 
[Include where the Reference Rate is EURIBOR:11:00 
am, Brussels time]/[Include where the Reference Rate 
is 
STIBOR: 
11:00am, 
Stockholm 
time]/[Not 
applicable] 
(D)
Relevant 
Screen Page: 
[specify]/[The SOFR Screen Page] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(E)
[Calculation 
Method 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Compounded Daily]/[Weighted Average]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR: [SOFR 
Arithmetic 
Mean]/[SOFR 
Compound: 
[SOFR 
Compound with Lookback]/[SOFR Compound with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift]/[SOFR 
Index 
with 
Observation Shift]]] 
[Include where the Reference Rate is TONA: [TONA 
Compound: 
[TONA 
Compound 
with 
Lookback]/[TONA Compound with Observation 
Period Shift]
(F)
[Observation 
Method 
[Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out]/[Shift]/[SONIA 
Index 
with 
Observation Shift]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR ) 
[Lag]/[Shift]]
(G)
[Lookback 
Period 
[[specify] London Business Days]/[U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]]/[TARGET2 Business 
Days]/[Zurich 
Banking 
Days]/[Tokyo 
Banking 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is SONIA, SOFR 
(where the Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: 
SOFR Compound with Lookback), €STR or SARON  
and ensure that any Early Redemption Amounts 
include amounts in respect of accrued interest.)

--- Page 437 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 437 - 
(H)
Reference 
Banks: 
[As per Condition 4][specify] 
(I)
[Observation 
Shift Days:
[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Days]/[As per the Conditions]/[Not applicable]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR and the 
Calculation Method is SOFR Compound: SOFR with 
Observation Period Shift or SOFR Index with 
Observation Shift) 
[[specify] Relevant Business Days]/[As per the 
Conditions]/[Not applicable] 
[Observation Shift Business Centre(s): [specify]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is TONA and the 
Calculation Method is TONA Compound with 
Observation Period Shift) 
(J)
[SOFR Cut-Off 
Date:
[As 
per 
Conditions]/[[specify] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days]/[ Not applicable]]
(Include where the Reference Rate is SOFR. Must apply 
where the Calculation Method is SOFR Arithmetic 
Mean)
(K)
[SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
Priority:
[As per Conditions]/[specify order of priority of SOFR 
Replacement 
Alternatives 
listed 
in 
Condition 
4(d)(iii)(C)]]
(L)
[Rate Cut-off 
Time:
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is €STR)
(M)
[ISDA 
Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
(Include where the Reference Rate is either SOFR or 
€STR)
(d)
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(A)
Floating Rate 
Option: 
[specify] 
(B)
Designated 
Maturity: 
[specify] 
(C)
Reset Date: 
[specify] 
[(The fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on

--- Page 438 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 438 - 
market circumstances, may not be available at the 
relevant time)]
(e)
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable: 
[specify relevant terms]] 
(xix)
Linked Interest Certificates 
[Applicable – see 
[Index/Share/ETI/Debt/Commodity/ 
Inflation Index/Currency/Fund] Linked Interest 
Certificates below/Not applicable] 
(xx)
Payment of Premium 
Amount(s): 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
[Premium Amount(s): 
[specify] 
(b)
Linked Premium 
Amount Certificates: 
[Applicable - see [Index/Share/ETI/Debt/Commodity/ 
Inflation Index/Currency/Fund] Linked Premium 
Amount Certificates below/Not applicable] 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Not applicable][specify]/[unadjusted] 
(c)
Variable Premium 
Amount Certificates: 
Day Count Fraction 
[Applicable – see paragraphs [(xvii)][(c)]/[(d)] 
above]/[Not applicable] 
[Not applicable][specify]/[unadjusted] 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable – the Premium Amount 
Rate for the [long/short] [first/last] Premium Amount 
Period shall be calculated using linear interpolation 
(specify for each short or long Premium Amount 
Period)] 
(d)
Premium Amount 
Payment Date(s): 
[specify] 
(e)
Business Day 
Convention for 
Premium Amount 
Payment Date(s): 
[Following/Modified Following/Preceding/None/Not 
applicable] 
(f)
Premium Amount 
Record Date(s): 
[specify] 
(xxi)
Record Date(s): 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(xxii)
Index 
Linked 
[Interest/Premium Amount] 
Certificates: 
[Applicable – the Certificates are Index Linked Interest 
Certificates/ Applicable – the Certificates are Index 
Linked Premium Amount Certificates/ Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)

--- Page 439 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 439 - 
27
Specify each Component Security Index and/or Multi-Exchange Index (if any). 
28
Specify each Custom Index (if any). 
(a)
Index/Basket of 
Indices/Index 
Sponsor(s): 
[Insert type of Index/Indices (e.g. Total Return, Price Return, 
etc.) and] specify name of Index/Indices] 
[specify name of Index Sponsor(s)] 
[The [specify] Index is a [Component Security 
Index]/[Multi-Exchange Index]27
[The [specify] Index is a Custom Index] 
[Asset Class Type: [Equity]/[Commodity] Custom Index]]28
(b)
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging Dates 
are [specify].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] ] 
will apply.] 
(c)
[Interest/Premium 
Amount] Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(d)
[Interest/Premium 
Amount] Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(e)
Index Correction Period 
[As per Index Linked Condition 4] [specify] 
(f)
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
(g)
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(h)
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[specify] [Scheduled Trading Days]] 
(i)
Exchange(s) and Index 
Sponsor(s): 
(a) The Exchange[s] [is/are] [specify]; and 
(b) The Index Sponsor is [specify]. (In the case of a Basket of 
Indices, repeat in respect of each Index)
(j)
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(k)
Exchange Business 
Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
(l)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index Basis] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day)

--- Page 440 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 440 - 
(m)
Settlement Price: 
[Official opening level]/[Official closing level]/[level at 
the Valuation Time] 
(n)
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement Price is 
[specify].  Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Index 
Linked 
Certificates]/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Securities relating to a Basket of Indices)]/[Not applicable] 
(o)
Redemption on 
Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index Adjustment 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Index Linked Condition 
2(B)(ix) applies] 
(p)
Additional provisions 
applicable to Custom 
Indices:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(A)
Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(B)
Strike Date: 
[specify] 
(C)
Strike Price: 
[specify] [insert calculation method] 
(D)
[Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)(Single Index 
Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom 
Index Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities
(E)
[Scheduled 
Custom Index 
Business Day: 
[(All Indices Basis)/(Per Index Basis)(Single Index 
Basis)]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom 
Index Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities) 
(must match election made for Custom Index Business 
Day) 
(F)
Valuation Time: 
[specify]

--- Page 441 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 441 - 
29
In the case of Share Linked Interest Certificates relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Linked Interest Certificates Final Terms 
as applicable for GDR/ADR references asset(s). 
30
Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares.  In the case of Share Securities relating to Stapled Shares, 
complete Share Securities Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s). 
(G)
[Custom Index 
Correction 
Period: 
As per Index Linked Condition 8 [specify]] 
(Delete this sub-paragraph in the case of Equity Custom 
Index Securities or Commodity Custom Index Securities)
(H)
Redemption on 
Occurrence of 
Custom Index 
Adjustment 
Event [or 
Commodity 
Custom Index 
Market Disruption 
Event]: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event [or Commodity Custom Index Market 
Disruption Event]: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Custom Index 
Adjustment Event [or Commodity Custom Index Market 
Disruption Event] constitutes a force majeure, Index 
Linked 
Condition 
[6(B)(ii)(x)]/[Condition 
6.2(c)(vi)]/[6.2(b)(v)] [and 17.2(b)(iii)(E)] applies]
(I)
Specified 
Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to: 
[specify]]/[As per Index Linked Condition 6] 
(If no Specified Maximum Days of Disruption are stated, 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
twenty) 
(xxiii)
Share 
Linked 
[Interest/Premium Amount] 
Certificates: 
[Applicable – the Certificates are Share Linked Interest 
Certificates/ Applicable – the Certificates are Share Linked 
Premium Amount Certificates/ Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR: 
[insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies] 
[insert ISIN][insert Screen Page][insert Exchange Code] 
[insert GDR/ADR]29
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]30

--- Page 442 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 442 - 
(b)
Relative Basket 
Performance: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
(c)
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply].  [The Averaging 
Dates are [specify].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
(d)
[Interest/Premium 
Amount] Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(e)
[Interest/Premium 
Amount]Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(f)
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.]  
(g)
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(h)
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[specify] [Scheduled Trading Days]] 
(i)
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
(j)
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
(k)
Exchange Business 
Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
(l)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
(must match election made for Exchange Business Day) 
(m)
Settlement Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Italian Securities Reference 
Price]/[price at the Valuation Time] 
(n)
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Basket of Shares to ascertain the Settlement Price is 
[specify].  Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment 
in 
the 
case 
of 
Share 
Linked 
Certificates/[specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
Securities relating to a Basket of Shares)] 
(o)
Redemption on 
Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Event: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary 
Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
[Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]]

--- Page 443 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 443 - 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Share Linked Condition 
[2(b)(B)(ii)(3)] or [2(b)(B)(x)] applies] 
[Insert in the case of Dual Currency Certificates: Not 
applicable] 
(xxiv)
Debt Linked 
[Interest/Premium Amount] 
Certificates: 
[Applicable – the Certificates are Debt Linked Interest 
Certificates/ Applicable – the Certificates are Debt Linked 
Premium Amount Certificates/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Debt Security: 
[specify] 
(b)
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging Dates 
are [specify].] 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] 
(c)
[Interest/Premium 
Amount] Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(d)
[Interest/Premium 
Amount] Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(e)
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.]  
(f)
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
(g)
Settlement Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(h)
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[[specify] Scheduled Trading Days] 
(i)
Exchange Business Day 
Centre(s): 
[specify] 
(j)
Nominal Amount: 
[The relevant nominal amount is [●] and the Relevant 
Screen Page is [●].][Not applicable] 
(k)
Reference Price: 
[The Reference Price[s] for [specify relevant Debt 
Securities] is/are the [bid price]/[mid price]/[offer

--- Page 444 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 444 - 
31
Delete if using automated Commodity Reference Prices. 
price]/[bid 
yield]/[mid 
yield]/[offer 
yield].] 
[Not 
applicable] 
(l)
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of Debt 
Security Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
(m)
Debt Security 
Correction Period: 
[As per the Conditions]/[  
]/[Not applicable] 
(n)
Debt Security Issuer: 
[ 
 
]/[Not applicable] 
(o)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Debt Securities to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [●].  Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment.] 
(xxv)
Commodity 
Linked 
[Interest/Premium Amount] 
Certificates:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(a)
Commodity/ 
Commodities/ 
Commodity 
Index/Commodity 
Indices: 
[specify 
Commodity/Commodities/Commodity 
Index/Commodity Indices] 
[The Sponsor[s] of the Commodity Index/Indices is [●]] 
[Insert in the case of Commodities that are EU 
Allowances: The [Commodity]/[specify Commodities] [is 
an]/[are] EU Allowance[s] 
Relevant Registry: [specify]]
(b)
[Interest/Premium 
Amount] Pricing 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
(c)
Initial 
[Interest/Premium 
Amount] Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(d)
Final [Interest/Premium 
Amount] Pricing Date: 
[specify] 
(e)
Commodity Reference 
Price: 
[specify] 
The Price Source is/are [●]31
(f)
Delivery Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(g)
Nearby Month: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 445 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 445 - 
32
Only applicable in respect of Commodity Certificates linked to a single Commodity. 
(h)
Specified Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(i)
Exchange: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(j)
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[As defined in Commodity Linked Condition 5]/[specify]  
(k)
[Interest/Premium 
Amount]Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(l)
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[As defined in Commodity Linked Condition 5]/[specify]32
(m)
Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each item comprising the 
Commodity Basket is [specify] 
(n)
Redemption following 
Market Disruption 
Event or Commodity 
Index Adjustment 
Event: 
[Commodity 
Linked 
Condition 
[2.1(iii)/3.2(a)(i)] 
applies]/[Highest Value]/[Market Value]/[Monetisation 
Option] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Market Disruption 
Event or Commodity Index Adjustment Event constitutes 
a force majeure, Commodity Linked Condition 2.1(vii) or 
3.2(a)(v), respectively, applies] 
(xxvi)
ETI 
Linked 
[Interest/Premium Amount] 
Certificates: 
[Applicable – the Certificates are ETI Linked Interest 
Certificates/ Applicable – the Certificates are ETI Linked 
Premium Amount Certificates/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
[SC/FM ETI Events: Applicable]  
(b)
ETI Interest(s): 
[Insert type of ETI Interest(s)]
(c)
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging Dates 
are [specify].] 
(d)
Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(e)
 Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 446 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 446 - 
(f)
Exchange Business 
Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single ETI 
Interest Basis] 
(g)
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single ETI 
Interest Basis] 
(h)
ETI Related Party: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(i)
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(j)
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(k)
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(l)
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(m)
Investment/AUM 
Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1][specify] 
(n)
Value per ETI Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(o)
Number of Value 
Publication Days: 
[[specify] calendar days] [[specify] Value Business Days] 
[Value Business Day Centre(s): [specify] 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Value Business Days)] 
(p)
Value Trigger 
Percentage: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(q)
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(r)
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(s)
Settlement 
Price/Closing Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] 
(t)
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(u)
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(v)
[Interest/ Premium 
Amount] Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(w)
[Interest/ Premium 
Amount] Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(x)
Maximum Stock Loan 
Rate: 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify in 
relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [specify].]  
(y)
ETI Interest Correction 
Period: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1]/[specify]

--- Page 447 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 447 - 
(z)
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(aa)
Weighting: 
The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket is [specify] 
(bb)
ETI Documents: 
[As per ETI Linked Condition 1][specify] 
(cc)
Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary ETI 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
(xxvii) Inflation 
Linked 
[Interest/Premium Amount] 
Certificates: 
[Applicable – the Certificates are Inflation Linked Interest 
Certificates/ Applicable – the Certificates are Inflation 
Linked Premium Amount Certificates//Not applicable] 
(If more than one Inflation Rate is to be determined, repeat 
items (i) to (ix) below for each such Inflation Rate and, if 
FI Digital Coupon is applicable, distinguish between the 
Inflation Rate which is FI Rate A and the Inflation Rate 
which is FI Rate B)
(a)
Inflation Index/Sponsor: 
[specify name of inflation index/indices] 
[specify name of inflation index sponsor(s)] 
(b)
Formula: 
[specify] 
(c)
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [if applicable, specify] 
(d)
Issuer of Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(e)
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(f)
Related Bond 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [if applicable, specify] 
(g)
Substitute Inflation 
Index Level: 
[As determined in accordance with Inflation Linked 
Condition 1] [specify] 
(h)
Cut-off Date: 
In respect of a [Valuation Date], the day that is [specify] 
Business Days prior to such [Valuation Date]. 
(i)
[Interest/Premium 
Amount] Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(j)
Reference Month: 
[specify] 
(k)
Initial Fixing Date: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
(l)
Inflation Index Level 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(m)
Currency Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 448 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 448 - 
(n)
Index Cancellation: 
[Inflation Linked Condition 3(vii)(b) applies]/[Highest 
Value]/[Market Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Value] 
[If the Calculation Agent determines an Index Cancellation 
constitutes a force majeure, Inflation Linked Condition 
3(vii)(f) applies] 
(xxviii) Currency 
Linked 
[Interest/Premium Amount] 
Certificates: 
[Applicable – the Certificates are Currency Linked Interest 
Certificates/ Applicable – the Certificates are Currency 
Linked Premium Amount Certificates/ Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If the Certificates are Dual Currency Certificates where 
the Settlement Currency of the Interest Amount is 
dependent on whether the Dual Currency Condition has 
been satisfied, specify "Applicable" and complete relevant 
prompts below.)
(a)
The relevant base 
currency (the "Base 
Currency") is: 
[specify] 
(b)
The relevant subject 
[currency/currencies] 
([the]/[each a] "Subject 
Currency") [is/are]: 
[specify] 
(c)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/The weighting to be applied to each item 
comprising the Basket of Currencies to ascertain the 
Settlement Price is [specify]] 
(d)
Price Source: 
[specify]/[Insert in the case of Dual Currency Certificates: 
Not applicable] 
(e)
Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption: 
[specify]/[five] Scheduled Trading Days 
(f)
Settlement Price: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(g)
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify] 
(h)
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
(i)
Redemption on 
Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event: 
[[Disruption Event Postponement: Not applicable ]  
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Disruption 
Event: [Applicable/Not applicable]]  
[if applicable:

--- Page 449 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 449 - 
Protected Amount: [[specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]  
[Monetisation Option: Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]  
[If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption 
Event constitutes a force majeure, Currency Linked 
Condition 3(c)(vi) applies]  
[Insert in the case of Dual Currency Certificates: Not 
applicable] 
(j)
[Dual Currency 
Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
[Dual Currency Condition [1]/[2]: [Less than]/[Less than 
or equal to]/[Greater than]/[Greater than or equal to]] 
[Dual Currency Determination Date(s): [specify]/[each 
Valuation Date]] 
[Strike Rate: [[specify set exchange rate], expressed as the 
number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for 
which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged]] 
(xxix)
Fund 
Linked 
[Interest/Premium Amount] 
Certificates: 
[Applicable – the Certificates are Fund Linked Interest 
Certificates/ Applicable – the Certificates are Fund Linked 
Premium Amount Certificates/ Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a)
Fund/Fund Basket/Fund 
Index/Fund Indices: 
[specify Fund/Fund Basket/Fund Index/Fund Indices] 
[The Fund Index Sponsor[s] of the Fund [Index/Indices] 
[is/are] [●]] 
[Fund Index Currency: [specify]] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
The [specify] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
[The [specify] Fund is a Private Equity Fund] 
[SC/FM Fund Events: Applicable] 
(b)
Fund Share(s): 
[specify]

--- Page 450 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 450 - 
(c)
Fund Documents: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1][specify]
(d)
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund share Basis] [Per Fund share Basis][Single Fund 
share Basis]
(e)
Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
(f)
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify]
(g)
[Interest/Premium 
Amount] Valuation 
Date: 
[specify] 
(h)
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify]
(i)
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify]
(j)
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]
(k)
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
(l)
AUM Level: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(m)
NAV Trigger 
Percentage: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(n)
NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify]
(o)
Number of NAV 
Publication Days: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify]
(p)
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify]
(q)
Termination Amounts: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1][specify]/[Market 
Value]/[Highest Value]/[Monetisation Option] 
[Fund Event Force Majeure: Applicable] 
(r)
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
(s)
Weighting: 
[Not applicable/[specify]. Each such Weighting shall be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with Fund Linked 
Condition 4] 
(t)
[Protected Amount: 
[If Highest Value, Monetisation Option or Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund 
Event are applicable: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount] 
(u)
Redemption on 
Occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable: 
[Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[if applicable:

--- Page 451 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 451 - 
Early Redemption Amount: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Highest Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Market Value: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[Monetisation Option: [Applicable/Not applicable]] 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [specify] per cent. of the Notional 
Amount]  
[If the Calculation Agent determines a Fund Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, Fund 
Linked Condition 6(iv)(G) applies] 
(v)
Delayed Payment Cut-
off Date: 
[As per Fund Linked Condition 1]/[specify] 
(xxx)
Underlying 
Interest 
Rate 
Linked Interest Certificates: 
[Applicable – the Certificates are Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Interest Certificates/ Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(if applicable, identify each Underlying Interest Rate(i)
which is a Multiple Underlying Component Rate) 
(a)
Underlying Interest 
Determination Date(s): 
(If more than one 
[Underlying Interest 
Rate] is to be 
determined, include the 
following language: 
"Underlying Interest 
Rate1:") 
[specify] 
(b)
Manner in which the 
Underlying Interest 
Rate is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(c)
Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remain sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
Underlying Reference 
Rate: 
[specify](Either EURIBOR or other) 
Specified Time: 
[specify](which will be 11:00 am, Brussels time, in the case 
of EURIBOR) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[specify]

--- Page 452 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 452 - 
33
Only applicable in relation to Index Linked Certificates, Share Linked Certificates, ETI Linked Certificates, Commodity Linked 
Certificates, Debt Linked Certificates and Currency Linked Certificates and, in the case of FI Underlying Automatic Early 
Redemption, Currency Linked Certificates and Underlying Interest Rate Linked Certificates. 
(d)
ISDA Determination: 
Floating Rate Option: 
Designated Maturity: 
Reset Date: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remain sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
[specify] 
[specify] 
[specify] 
(e)
Underlying Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(f)
Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(g)
Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(If more than one [Underlying Interest Rate] is to be 
determined, include the following language: "Underlying 
Interest Rate2:" and repeat items (b) to (g). 
Repeat for each Underlying Interest Rate.) 
45.
Other provisions relating to 
Certificates:
[Applicable]/[Not applicable} 
(i)
[Additional Business 
Centre(s)] (Condition 4(b)): 
[specify]
(ii)
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 
6(a)(ii)): 
[specify] 
(iii)
Rounding: 
[As per Condition 4(l)] [specify] 
(iv)
[Instalment Certificates:] 
The Certificates [are/are not] Instalment Certificates. 
[The Instalment Certificates are [Instalment Certificates 
(with NA Adjustment)]/[Instalment Certificates (with 
Original NA)]] 
(a)
Instalment Amount(s) 
[specify] 
[[NA x Instalment Percentage 
Instalment Percentage: [●] per cent] (specify Instalment 
Percentage in respect of each Instalment Date, if 
different.)
(b)
Instalment Date(s): 
[specify] 
(v)
[Automatic Early 
Redemption33:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable]

--- Page 453 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 453 - 
(a)
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Target Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Underlying 
Automatic Early Redemption] [FI Coupon Automatic 
Early Redemption] [Single] [Standard Automatic Early 
Redemption: [– Automatic Early Redemption Event 1]: 
"greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less 
than or equal to"] [Standard Automatic Early Redemption 
– Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 Applicable: 
"greater than"/"greater than or equal to"/"less than"/"less 
than or equal to"] [SPS Target Automatic Early 
Redemption]  
[Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 [and]/[or] 
Automatic Early Redemption Event 2] 
[insert related provisions from Payout Condition 1] 
[AER Knock-out Event]: [Knock-out Event] 
[Knock-in Event] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(b)
Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout: 
[SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]
[SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout:  
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Condition 1]  
[Target Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption: 
Accrual to Automatic Early Redemption: [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
[FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Condition 2] 
(c)
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
(d)
Observation Price 
Source: 
[specify]

--- Page 454 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 454 - 
(e)
Underlying Reference 
Level [1]: 
[Official 
level]/[Official 
close]/[last 
price]/[bid 
price]/[asked price]/[Standard Underlying Reference 
Level] 
SPS AER Valuation: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
[If applicable replicate formula, relevant value(s) and 
related provisions from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 
or 1.10] 
(f)
[Underlying Reference 
Level 2: 
[Standard Price][Last Price/[Not applicable]] 
(g)
[SPS AER Valuation: 
[Not applicable]/[Applicable]: 
[SPS AER Value [1]: 
[insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10] 
[SPS AER Value 2: 
[insert relevant value(s) and related provisions from 
Payout Conditions]]] 
(h)
[(i)] Automatic Early 
Redemption Level [1]: 
[specify] 
[(ii) Automatic Early 
Redemption Level 2: 
[specify]] 
(i)
Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage: 
[[specify] per cent.]/[Not applicable] 
(j)
AER Exit Rate: 
[Not applicable] 
[AER Rate] 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions] 
[AER Athena up Rate] 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions] 
[AER CSN Rate] 
[Replicate formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from Payout Conditions] 
(k)
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s)/Period(s): 
[specify] [AER Knock-out Date] 
[AER 1 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)] 
[specify] 
[AER 2 Redemption Valuation [Date(s)/Period(s)] 
[specify]

--- Page 455 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 455 - 
34
Specify as "Not applicable" if the Securities are Put/Call Open End Certificates. 
[For Fixed Income payouts, consider whether this is the 
interest determination date (i.e. 2 business days prior to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Date)]  
(l)
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Time: 
[specify] 
(m)
[AER Event 1 
Underlying[s]: 
[See item [●] below]/[Not applicable]] 
(n)
[AER Event 2 
Underlying[s]: 
[See item [●] below]/[Not applicable]] 
(o)
[AER Event 1 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
(p)
[AER Event 2 Basket: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]] 
(vi)
Strike Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
(vii) Strike Day: 
[specify] 
(viii) Strike Period: 
[specify] 
(ix)
Strike Price: 
[specify] / [see item [specify] above] / [Not applicable] 
(x)
Redemption Valuation Date: 
[specify] (N.B. Where Automatic Exercise applies the 
Certificates are Share Linked Securities and the Shares are 
traded on the Italian regulated market organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana insert "the [Scheduled Trading 
Day] immediately preceding the Exercise Date")/[Not 
applicable]34
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
(xi)
Averaging: 
[Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Certificates. 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify]/[Not applicable].] (Not 
applicable to Inflation Linked Certificates) 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] (N.B. Not applicable to Index Linked Securities 
relating to a Custom Index or Commodity Linked 
Securities)] 
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]]

--- Page 456 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 456 - 
(xii) Observation Dates: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified Postponement] will 
apply.] (N.B. Not applicable to Index Linked Securities 
relating to a Custom Index or Commodity Linked 
Securities)  
[Currency Convention: [As per Conditions]/[Preceding 
Currency Convention]/[Modified Following Currency 
Convention]] 
(xiii) Observation Period: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] (Not applicable to Inflation 
Linked Securities) 
(xiv) Settlement Business Day: 
"Settlement Business Day" for the purposes of 
Condition 6 means [specify]. (N.B. Only applicable in the 
case of Physical Delivery Securities) 
(xv) Cut-off Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] (N.B. Only applicable in the 
case of Physical Delivery Securities) 
(xvi) Interest Rate(i-1): 
[[specify] per cent. per annum / Not applicable]
46.
Notional Value Repack Securities  
[Applicable] [Not applicable]  
(i)
Reference Securities  
[There are no Reference Securities] (Only specify if 
Charged Asset Structure 4 is specified in Part B and delete 
remainder of this paragraph)  
[The "Reference Securities" in respect of the series are: [  
[specify/include name of securities] [issued by [] (the 
"RCA Issuer") with the following details: [Complete to 
the extent applicable or delete]  
[RCA Nominal Amount: []] (Where Securities are being 
issued which are fungible with existing Securities, specify 
aggregate RCA Nominal Amount and applicable RCA 
Nominal Amount for the relevant tranches)  
[RCA Guarantor []] 
[RCA Currency: []] 
[RCA Interest Rate: []] 
[RCA Interest Payment Dates: []] 
[RCA Redemption Date: []] 
[RCA ISIN: []] 
[Partial Nominal Value Collateralisation is applicable] 
[Collateralisation Level is equal to [specify]][The Repo 
Collateral Securities] 
[Partial Nominal Value Collateralisation is applicable][- 
Collateralisation Level is equal to [specify]]

--- Page 457 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 457 - 
35
Insert reference to paragraph 11(vi) of Part B where relevant counterparty constitutes an obligor for the purposes of item 2.2.11(b) 
of Annex 19 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
36
Insert reference to paragraph 11(vi) of Part B where relevant counterparty constitutes an obligor for the purposes of item 2.2.11(b) 
of Annex 19 of  Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
(ii)
Initial Posting Date:  
[Issue Date]/[specify]  [Settlement Grace Period is 
applicable where the Reference Securities Grace Period is 
[specify] Business Days]  
(iii)
Related Agreement[s]:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] [Delete remaining sub-
paragraphs if not applicable]  
(a)
Swap Agreement: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] [Delete remaining sub-
paragraphs if not applicable]  
(b)
Swap Counterparty: 
[BNP Paribas]/[BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV]/[BNP   
Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.][See paragraph 11(vi) of Part B 
for details of the Swap Counterparty] 35
(c)
Credit Support 
Document: 
[As 
set 
out 
in 
Collateral 
Linked 
Condition 
1]/[specify]/[Not applicable] 
(d)
Repurchase 
Agreement:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
- Repo 
Counterparty:
[BNP Paribas] / [BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.] 
- Repo Collateral 
Securities
[Specify] 
(e)
Collateral Exchange 
Agreement
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
- Collateral 
Exchange 
Counterparty:  
BNP Paribas] / [BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.]/[See 
paragraph 11(vi) of Part B for details of the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty] 36
- Replacement 
Collateral 
Assets:
[Specify] 
- Over 
Collateralisatio
n Level:
[Specify] 
- Type of  
Collateral 
Exchange 
Agreement:
[Collateral 
Exchange 
Agreement 
- 
[Two 
Way 
Transfer]/[One Way Transfer Securities Lending][Triparty 
Transfer: the Triparty Services Agent is: [specify]] 
(f)
Early Redemption 
Events:  
[The following Early Redemption Event[s] will apply to 
the Securities:
[Adjusted Asset Redemption Event;]
[Annex Early Redemption Event;]

--- Page 458 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 458 - 
[Asset Payment Default Event;]
[Asset Default Event;]
[Asset Redemption Event;]
[Asset Payment Shortfall Event;]
[CDS Credit Event;]
[MTM Trigger Redemption Event;]
[RCA Change in Law Event;]
[RCA Call Event;]
[RCA Interest Deferral or Reduction Event;]
[RCA Makewhole Event;] 
[RCA Payment Default Event;]
[RCA Principal Deferral or Reduction Event;]
[RCA Regulatory Event;]
[RCA Repudiation/Moratorium Event;]
[RCA Restructuring Event;]
[RCA Tax Event;]
[RCA Issuer Bankruptcy Event;]
[RCA Issuer/Parent Bankruptcy Event;]
[RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event;]
[RCA Issuer/Parent Restructuring Event;]
[RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental Intervention Event;]
[RCA Issuer/Parent Obligation Acceleration Event;]
[RCA Issuer/Parent Repudiation/Moratorium Event;] 
[RCA Issuer Bond Failure to Pay Event] 
[RCA Issuer Restructuring Event]
[Related Agreement Termination Event;] 
[RCA Non-Call Event]
[Standard Early Redemption Event;]
[Obligor Early Redemption Event;] [and]
[Other Early Redemption Event;]

--- Page 459 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 459 - 
[will apply in respect to the following RCA Reference 
Entity[ies]/:[Specify][Include wording listing the relevant 
Early Redemption Events from list above where different 
Early Redemption Events apply to different RCA Reference 
Entities.]
[Standard 
Early 
Redemption][Par 
Early 
Redemption][Makewhole Early Redemption][Accrual Par 
Early Redemption] will apply [in respect of a RCA 
Makewhole Event] [and] [in respect of a RCA Call Event].  
[Specify as applicable]. [RCA Early Call Event – Partial 
Redemption is applicable [in respect of a RCA Makewhole 
Event] [and] [in respect of a RCA Call Event]] [Specify as 
applicable]].  [Alternative Interest Rate is equal to [].]  
[Delete if RCA Early Call Event does not apply]  
[In respect of the RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental 
Intervention 
Event, 
the 
CoCo 
Supplement 
will 
apply.][Trigger Percentage: [][As specified in Annex 12 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value 
Repack 
Securities)][Delete 
if 
RCA 
Issuer/Parent 
Governmental Intervention Event does not apply or if not 
applicable]
[Financial Entity Terms are applicable](delete if not 
applicable) 
(Only include prompts below if NTCE Provisions 
amendments are to be disapplied) 
[[NTCE Provisions: Not applicable 
[Fallback Discounting: Not applicable] 
[Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
Not 
applicable]][Subordinated European Insurance Terms are 
applicable](delete if not applicable) 
[Suspension 
of 
Payments 
is 
[applicable][not 
applicable]](delete if not applicable or Standard Early 
Redemption Event is applicable and Suspension of 
Payments is applicable) [The Suspension Period is []. 
(Delete unless Suspension Period is different from as set 
out in the Conditions)] 
[Adjusted Asset Redemption Event: 
[RCA Call Date: [specify] (delete if not applicable) 
[RCA Maturity Call is applicable [and Par Redemption is 
applicable where the Par Redemption Period is [●]](delete if 
Par Redemption is not applicable)]](delete if RCA Maturity 
Call is not applicable)]

--- Page 460 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 460 - 
(Delete if Adjusted Asset Redemption Event is not 
applicable)] 
[RCA Payment Default Event: No Grace Period is applicable] 
(Delete if RCA Payment Default Event is not applicable or a 
grace period is to apply)]
[Scheduled Redemption Date: [specify]] (Insert where 
Obligor Early Redemption Event is applicable or one of 
the Early Redemption Events included in the definition of 
Obligor Early Redemption Event is applicable. Delete if 
not applicable)
(g)
Event Trigger Date: 
[As set out in Collateral Linked Condition 1] [specify]
(h)
RCA Reference 
Entity:
[RCA Issuer;] 
[RCA Parent;] [and]
[RCA Guarantor;] 
(i)
Terms relating to 
Settlement: 
Collateral Physical Settlement is [not] applicable [in 
respect of []] (Specify if Collateral Physical Settlement is 
only applicable to certain Early Redemption Events).  
[Collateral Sale is applicable in respect of [a RCA Call 
Event][a RCA Makewhole Event][and][an Adjusted Asset 
Redemption Event][The Delivery Date is [●]] (Specify if 
other than the Early Redemption Date) [NB. Also complete 
paragraphs 13 and 14 above where the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities and physical delivery applies 
on the Redemption Date.] 
(j)
RCA Merger 
Event(s): 
[Collateral Linked Condition 3.9 is applicable][Not 
applicable] 
[Delete remainder of paragraph if not applicable] 
[Merger Type: [RCA Reference Entity/Holder Merger] 
[RCA Reference Entity/Issuer/Guarantor Merger]
(k)
Reference 
Obligation(s): 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(Delete remainder of paragraph if not applicable)
(A) Non Standard 
Reference 
Obligation:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(Delete this section if not applicable)
- Primary 
Obligor:
[]  
-
Guarantor:
[]

--- Page 461 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 461 - 
-
Maturity:
[]
-
Coupon:
[]
-
CUSIP/ISIN:
[]
-
Seniority Level:
[Senior Level][Subordinated Level] [] [Not applicable]
- Original Issue 
Amount 
[] 
Paragraph (a) of "Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation" applies).] [Delete if not applicable or if 
Reference Obligation above is an obligation of the RCA 
Reference Entity]
(B) Standard 
Reference 
Obligations:
[Applicable, being as at the Trade Date, the obligation 
specified below/Not applicable/[]  
(Delete this section if not applicable)
[[with respect to []: (Delete if single RCA Reference 
Entity, specify in respect of each entity if multiple RCA 
Reference Entities)]:
[Standard Reference Obligation as of the date of Final 
Terms:] (Include if SRO is set out in Final Terms for 
information)
- Primary 
Obligor:
[]  
-
Guarantor:
[]
-
Maturity:
[]
-
Coupon:
[]
-
CUSIP/ISIN:
[]
- Original Issue 
Amount 
[] 
(C) Default 
Requirement:
[Specify]/[Not applicable] [Specify not applicable if 
Transaction Type is specified]
(D) Payment 
Requirement:
[Specify]/[Not applicable] [Specify not applicable if 
Transaction Type is specified]
(E) 
Transaction 
Type: 
[Specify]/[Not applicable]  
[Standard North American Corporate][Standard European 
Corporate][Standard 
European 
Financial 
Corporate][Standard 
European 
CoCo 
Financial 
Corporate][Standard European Senior Non-Preferred 
Financial Corporate][Standard Subordinated European

--- Page 462 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 462 - 
Insurance 
Corporate][Standard 
Emerging 
European 
Corporate LPN][Standard Emerging European Corporate] 
[Standard Latin America Corporate BL] [Standard 
Australia [Financial] Corporate][Standard New Zealand 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Japan 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard 
Singapore 
[Financial] 
Corporate][Standard Asia [Financial] Corporate][Standard 
Sukuk 
Corporate][Standard 
Western 
European 
Sovereign][Standard Latin America Sovereign][Standard 
Emerging 
European 
& 
Middle 
Eastern 
Sovereign][Standard Australia Sovereign][Standard New 
Zealand Sovereign][Standard Japan Sovereign][Standard 
Singapore Sovereign][Standard Asia Sovereign][Standard 
Sukuk Sovereign][Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and 
Credit][Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund][Standard 
U.S. Municipal Revenue] [specify]
(F) Seniority Level:
[Senior Level][Subordinated Level] [] [Not applicable]
(l)
MTM Trigger 
Redemption Event: 
[Swap MTM Event] [Reference Securities MTM Event] 
[Securities 
MTM 
Event] 
[Applicable 
/ 
Not 
applicable][Delete remaining sub-paragraphs if not 
applicable]
- MTM Trigger 
Valuation 
Method:
[Calculation Agent Valuation] [Dealer Poll Valuation] 
-  Collateral 
Trigger 
Percentage:
[[] per cent.] 
47.
Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]
(i)
Early Redemption Amount: 
[Cash Settlement Amount] 
[specify] 
[Calculation Amount x [specify] per cent.] 
[Liquidation Proceeds] [Liquidation Proceeds No Unwind 
Costs]ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs] [Liquidation 
Proceeds/Fair Market Value] [Specify if different Early 
Redemption Amounts apply to different Early Redemption 
Events][Highest Value] [Market Value] [Monetisation 
Option][Liquidation Proceeds Cap: not applicable] 
[Specify] [As set out in Collateral Linked Condition 
1[:][Alternative Early Redemption Amount [is applicable] 
[in respect of the following Early Redemption Events: 
[specify]]] [Physical Delivery is applicable] [in respect of 
the following Early Redemption Events][Specify if 
Physical Delivery only applies to certain Early 
Redemption Events][Settlement Disruption Event is 
applicable.]

--- Page 463 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 463 - 
[If Highest Value or Monetisation Option are applicable: 
Protected Amount: [●] per cent. of the Notional Amount] 
(ii)
Swap Counterparty optional 
termination - Call option 
(Condition 8(f) and Condition 
9(h)(i)): 
[Applicable][Not applicable]  
(If applicable, specify dates on which the Swap 
Counterparty may opt to terminate the Swap Agreement 
and on what notice to the Issuer)
(iii)
Swap Counterparty optional 
termination - Repurchase 
(Condition 9(h)(ii)): 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Initial Condition Precedent: Applicable (delete remaining 
text below if not applicable) 
[Acquiring Party: [●]] (Complete where different from as 
specified in Condition 9(h)(ii)) 
[Additional Proceeds Amount: [●]] (delete if not 
applicable)
[Additional Proceeds Payer: Alternative Additional 
Proceeds Payer is applicable] (delete if not applicable) 
[Initial Condition Precedent Date: [●]] (Complete where 
different from as specified in Condition 9(h)(ii)) 
[Initial Condition Precedent Time: [●]] (Insert where 
different from as specified in Condition 9(h)(ii)) 
[Initial Remittance: Full Proceeds/Partial Proceeds](delete 
if not applicable)]
(iv)
Early Redemption Events: 
[See paragraph 46 above] [Insert where Annex 12 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value 
Repack Securities) applies] [ [Suspension of payments is 
applicable.] [If applicable: [Suspension Period is [specify]] 
[Do not insert where Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Notional Value Repack Securities) applies 
and complete paragraph 46 instead]
(a)
Asset Payment Default 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(b)
Asset Default Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(c)
Asset Redemption 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(d)
Asset Payment Shortfall 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(e)
Compartment Tax 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(f)
Related Agreement 
Termination Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 464 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 464 - 
[Specify any agreement which is a "Related Agreement" 
for the purposes of the Certificates] 
(g)
Annex Early 
Redemption Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(h)
Compartment Change in 
Law Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(i)
Reference Securities 
Restructuring Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(j)
Reference Securities 
Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(k)
Charged Asset 
Repudiation / 
Moratorium Event:  
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(l)
Charged Assets Issuer 
Bankruptcy Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
(m)
Reference Securities 
Impossibility Event: 
[Applicable][Not applicable][Initial Reference Security 
Purchase Date[(s)]:[Specify] (Delete if not applicable)  
(n)
Regulatory Ratio Event:
[Applicable][Not applicable][Regulatory Ratio Event -SNP is 
applicable](Specify if applicable)
(v)
Redemption for taxation and 
other reasons: 
(a)
Condition 8(m)(i) 
(Redemption of 
Certificates for taxation 
reasons): 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Specify notice period(s) for redemption for the purposes 
of Condition 8(m)(i)]
(b)
Condition 8(m)(ii) 
(Illegality): 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[Specify notice period(s) for redemption for the purposes 
of Condition 8(m)(ii)]
(vi)
Redemption Date Extension: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[if Redemption Date Extension is applicable, specify the 
Extended Redemption Date] 
[if Redemption Date Extension is applicable, specify 
whether Sale of Assets is applicable or not applicable]
(vii) Swap Termination Without 
Redemption: 
[Applicable / Not applicable]  
(viii) Redenomination, 
renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions in Condition 20 apply] 
COMPARTMENT ASSETS AND SECURITY

--- Page 465 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 465 - 
48.
Description of Compartment: 
Compartment [ ][specify number/designation] 
[Compartment [●] is a Multi-Series Compartment, in 
respect of which at any time more than one Series of 
Related Certificates may be outstanding] [delete if 
Compartment is not a Multi-Series Compartment] 
[[In the case of a Series of Certificates in respect of which 
one or more Series of Related Certificates may be 
outstanding from time to time:] 
If, at the time of any enforcement of the Compartment 
Security pursuant to Condition [14] (Enforcement and 
Realisation), one or more Series of Related 
Certificates (as defined in Condition [12(a)(iii)] is 
outstanding, holders of the Certificates to which these 
Final Terms apply and the holders of such Related 
Certificates will share equally and rateably in any 
Charged Assets in accordance with the Order of 
Priority specified below. 
[As at the Issue Date, there are not any Series of Related 
Certificates outstanding for this Compartment.][As at the 
date of the Final Terms, there are [●] Series of Related 
Certificates outstanding for this Compartment] [Insert 
and complete as applicable if Compartment is a Multi-
Series Compartment.] 
[Compartment Asset Coverage Test: Applicable and 
[Compartment Asset Coverage Market 
Value]/[Compartment Asset Coverage Nominal Value] is 
applicable. 
[Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage [●] per cent. 
[specify if other than 100 per cent.][Compartment Asset 
Coverage Market Value Percentage is applicable.] [Delete 
if not applicable] 
[Delete if Compartment Asset Coverage Test is not 
applicable or the Compartment is not a Multi-Series 
Compartment]] 
(i)
Legal nature of Charged 
Assets: 
As set out in Condition 9(c)(i)[(A)][(B)][(C)] (Specify as 
applicable) [Specify governing law jurisdiction(s)] 
[Related Agreements are:  
[- 
Swap 
Agreement][.][;and][specify 
for 
all 
applicable Charged Asset Structures] 
[- 
Deposit Agreement][.] [;[and]Specify if Charged 
Asset Structure 1 or 3 is applicable] 
[- 
Repurchase Agreement]. [Specify if Charged 
Asset Structure 7 is applicable][

--- Page 466 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 466 - 
 [- 
the Collateral Exchange Agreement]. [Specify if 
one of the Collateral Exchange Structures is  applicable]] 
[The Compartment Assets are the Reference Securities set 
out in paragraph 11 of Part B] [The Compartment Assets 
are the assets specified in paragraph 11 of Part B] [Specify 
if one of Charged Asset Structures 2, 5 or 6 are applicable] 
[The Compartment Assets are the Reference Securities 
specified in paragraph 46 of Part A] [specify if one of 
Charged Asset Structures  5 or 6 is applicable and Annex 
12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value 
Repack 
Securities) 
is 
applicable][The 
Related 
Agreement[s] [is][are] as set out in paragraph 46(iv) of Part 
A][Insert where Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Notional Value Repack Securities) is 
applicable] 
[In the case of a Series of Certificates in respect of which 
one or more Series of Related Certificates may be 
outstanding from time to time, insert description of new 
Compartment Assets to be included in the Compartment in 
connection with the issue of this Series of Certificates:
The Compartment Assets are the Reference Securities 
specified in paragraph 11 of Part B] [The Compartment 
Assets are the assets specified in paragraph 11 of Part B] 
[specify if one of Charged Asset Structures 2, 5 or 6 is 
applicable] [The Compartment Assets are the Reference 
Securities specified in paragraph 59 of Part A] [specify if 
one of Charged Asset Structures 5 or 6 is applicable and 
Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional 
Value Repack Securities) is applicable][The Related 
Agreement[s] [is][are] as set out in paragraph 59(iv) of Part 
A] [Insert where Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Notional Value Repack Securities) is 
applicable](the 
"Specified 
Compartment 
Assets"), 
together with the "Specified Compartment Assets" set out 
in the applicable Final Terms for each Series of Related 
Certificates outstanding from time to time] 
[NB: The assets which can constitute Compartment Assets 
for a Series of Certificates issued through a Multi-Series 
Compartment must be consistent for each Series of Related 
Certificates] 
(ii)
Counterparties to Related 
Agreement(s): 
–
[The counterparty to the Swap Agreement is [BNP 
Paribas][BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV][BNP Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C.](the "Swap Counterparty")] 
[and] 
–
[The counterparty to the Repurchase Agreement is 
[BNP Paribas]/[BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.] (the 
"Repo Counterparty").]

--- Page 467 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 467 - 
37
Insert reference to paragraph 11(vi) of Part B where relevant counterparty constitutes an obligor for the purposes of item 2.2.11(b) 
of Annex 19 of  Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 
–
[The counterparty to the Collateral Exchange 
Agreement 
is 
[BNP 
Paribas]/[BNP 
Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C.] (the "Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty").] 
[See paragraph 46(iv) of Part A] [Insert where Annex 12 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value 
Repack Securities) is applicable] 
[See paragraph 11(vi) of Part B for details of the [Swap 
Counterparty]/[Collateral 
Exchange 
Counterparty]/[Deposit Counterparty]37
(iii)
Compartment Account: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(iv)
Cash Manager: 
[Applicable 
– 
BNP 
Paribas 
Securities 
Services, 
Luxembourg 
Branch/[BNP 
Paribas, 
Succursale 
de 
Luxembourg]/ Not applicable] 
(v)
Account Bank: 
[Applicable 
– 
BNP 
Paribas 
Securities 
Services, 
Luxembourg Branch /[BNP Paribas, Succursale de 
Luxembourg]/ Not applicable] 
(vi)
Custodian: 
[Applicable 
– 
BNP 
Paribas 
Securities 
Services, 
Luxembourg 
Branch/[BNP 
Paribas, 
Succursale 
de 
Luxembourg]/ Not applicable] 
(vii) Sub-Custodian in relation to 
the Compartment Assets:   
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
49.  
Compartment Security for the 
Certificates is "Charged Assets 
charged to Trustee; additional 
foreign law security": 
[Applicable / Not applicable] [specify] 
50.  
Compartment Assets substitution by 
Swap Counterparty (pursuant to 
Condition 9(f)):  
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(i)
Permitted currency of 
securities to be substituted for 
the Compartment Assets 
(pursuant to Condition 
9(f)(i)): 
[Specify currency] 
(ii)
Eligible Compartment Assets 
Issuer: 
[Identify any Eligible Compartment Assets Issuer for the 
purposes of Condition 9(f) including its name, address, 
country of incorporation, nature of its business and 
confirmation that it has securities admitted to trading on a 
regulated or equivalent market or has obligations 
guaranteed by an entity admitted to trading on a regulated 
or equivalent market.]

--- Page 468 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 468 - 
(iii)
Alternative Substitution 
(Condition 9(f)(ii)): 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(iv)
Delivery or payment of the 
securities, obligations or cash 
which may be substituted for 
the Compartment Assets to 
the Custodian by (if not Swap 
Counterparty): (Condition 
9(f)): 
[[Applicable- Counterparty] / Not applicable] 
51.  
Compartment Assets substitution 
under a Credit Support 
Annex/Credit Support Deed/Pledge: 
delivery or payment of securities, 
obligations or cash by (if not Swap 
Counterparty) (Condition 9(f)): 
[Applicable / Not applicable][Credit Support Annex / 
Credit Support Deed/Pledge][Counterparty] 
OTHER PROVISIONS 
52.  
Issuer Substitution: 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
53.  
Additional U.S. Federal income tax 
considerations: 
[insert details]/[Not applicable]/[The Certificates are [not] 
Specified Securities (as defined in the Base Prospectus) for 
the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986.][The Securities may be Specified Securities 
for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986.  If the Securities are Specified 
Securities, 
then 
the 
following 
provisions 
will 
apply.][Additional information regarding the application 
of Section 871(m) to the Securities will be available at 
[give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact]. [The 
Issuer will arrange for withholding under Section 871(m) 
to be imposed on any dividend equivalent payment at a rate 
of 30 per cent.]]  
(If the Securities are Specified Securities, include the 
"Additional information" sentence and provide the 
appropriate contact information at the Issuer. N.B. Include 
the option above, completed as appropriate, where (a) the 
Securities do not reference any U.S. equity or any index 
that contains any component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities or (b) 
the Section 871(m) determination has been made by the 
time the Final Terms are finalised (in which case, the 
determination will have been made either (i) on the pricing 
date, if this falls 14 days or fewer before the issue date or 
(ii) on the issue date, if the pricing date falls more than 14 
days before the issue date. Otherwise, include the 
following option, completed as appropriate: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not 
determined whether the Securities are Specified Securities 
for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986; however, indicatively it considers

--- Page 469 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 469 - 
that they will [not] be Specified Securities for these 
purposes.  This is indicative information only subject to 
change and if the Issuer’s final determination is 
different then it will give notice of such determination.
Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer 
contact] for further information regarding the application 
of Section 871(m) to the Securities.]] 
(The Securities will not be Specified Securities if they (i) 
are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and provide a return 
that differs significantly from the return on an investment 
in the underlying (i.e. they are not "delta-one" securities 
for U.S. tax purposes) or (ii) do not reference any U.S. 
equity or any index that contains any component U.S. 
equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to 
U.S. equities. If the Securities reference a U.S. equity or an 
index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise 
provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities and (i) 
are issued prior to 1 January 2023 and provide a return 
that does not differ significantly from the return on an 
investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 
1 January 2023, further analysis would be required.)  
[Payments on the Specified Securities are calculated by 
reference to [Net Dividends/Net Total Returns]. By 
purchasing a Specified Security, the parties agree that in 
calculating the relevant payment amount the Issuer may 
withhold, and the purchaser is deemed to have received 30 
per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined 
in Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended) in respect of the relevant [U.S. 
securities/U.S. dividend paying index components]. The 
Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on 
account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
[For this purpose, "Net Dividends" means the dividends 
paid by an issuer of a security net of 30 per cent. U.S 
federal withholding tax.] 
[For this purpose "Net Total Returns" means the net total 
return of the U.S source dividend paying components, as 
calculated by the Index Sponsor, of an index that reinvests 
U.S source dividends paid by an issuer of a security that is 
a component of the index net of 30 per cent. U.S 
withholding tax on such U.S source dividends.]]
DISTRIBUTION 
54.
Date of [Subscription Agreement]: 
[specify]
55.
Name of and address   Dealer:
[specify]
56.
Total commission and concession: 
[specify] per cent. of the Aggregate Notional Amount

--- Page 470 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 470 - 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ______________________ 
Duly authorised 
38
Include if the Securities are intended to be listed and admitted to trading on the professional segment of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
57.
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining placeholders of this paragraph and paragraph 
7 of Part B)
(i)
Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions:
[specify relevant Member State(s) where the Issuer intends 
to make Non-exempt Offers (select from the list of Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdictions in the Base Prospectus) - which 
must be jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to the 
jurisdiction where approved and published)]
(ii)
Offer Period: 
[specify date, and if applicable, time] until [and 
including][specify date (and if applicable, time) or a 
formula such as "the Issue Date" or "the date which falls 
[specify] Business Days thereafter"] [subject to any early 
closing] / [From (and including) the Issue Date until (and 
including) the date on which the Securities are delisted]. 
(iii)
Financial intermediaries 
granted specific consent to 
use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the 
Conditions in it: 
[insert names and addresses of financial intermediaries 
receiving consent (specific consent)] 
58.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors:
(i)
Selling Restriction:
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[The Securities are only intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to investors via the professional 
segment of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.]38
(ii)
Legend:
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(iii)
[Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
Not applicable]

--- Page 471 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES -  PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
- 471 - 
By: ______________________ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 472 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 472 - 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading – [De-listing] 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's 
Official 
List/Specify
other/None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Certificates to be admitted 
to trading on [the professional segment of the] Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's Regulated Market/ [the professional 
segment of the ] Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF 
Market/Specify other] [with effect from [specify]].] [Not 
applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original [Certificates] are already admitted to trading)] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[specify]  
(iv) 
De-listing: 
[Not applicable][The de-listing of the Certificates on the 
[exchange/regulated market] specified above shall occur on 
[specify], subject to any change to such [date/period] by such 
[exchange/regulated market] or any competent authorities, 
for which the Issuer [and the Guarantor] shall under no 
circumstances be liable]. 
2. 
Ratings
[The Securities to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated [insert details] by [insert credit rating agency name(s)].] 
[The Securities have not been rated.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider: 
[●] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Securities of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.)]] 
EITHER [[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] 
is established in the European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [As such 
[insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European

--- Page 473 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 473 – 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation.] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] 
is not established in the European Union and is not registered 
in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended). [Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is therefore not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with such Regulation.] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] 
is not established in the European Union and has not applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). The ratings have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant EU-
registered CRA entity] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. [Insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA 
entity] is established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. [As such [insert the legal name of 
the relevant EU CRA entity] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation].] The European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the 
United Kingdom (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA 
entity that applied for registration] may be used in the EU, by 
the relevant market participants.] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] 
is not established in the European Union and has not applied 
for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "CRA Regulation"), but it [is]/[has applied to 
be] certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation[[ 
[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation] 
[ 
[OR:] 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been provided 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority and [insert 
the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
established in the European Union and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority [ and [insert the 
legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is not included in the

--- Page 474 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 474 – 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance 
with such Regulation].] 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA 
entity] is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). However, the 
application for registration under the CRA Regulation of 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that 
applied for registration], which is established in the European 
Union disclosed the intention to endorse credit ratings of 
[insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity][, 
although notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU CRA entity] is not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation].] The European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the 
United Kingdom (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant EU CRA 
entity that applied for registration] may be used in the EU the 
relevant market participants.]
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
[Not applicable] [Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting interest, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest] 
[Save [for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] [payable to the [insert name of Authorised 
Offeror] and] as discussed [in the "Potential Conflicts of Interest" paragraph in the "Risk Factors" 
section in the Base Prospectus], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] 
of Certificates has an interest material to the [issue/offer."]] 
4. 
Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses 
(i)
Reasons for the offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus]/[specify]/[Not 
applicable] 
(ii)
Estimated 
net 
proceeds: 
[Up to] [specify][Not applicable] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority.  If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources 
of other funding.)

--- Page 475 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 475 – 
(iii)
Estimated 
total 
expenses: 
[specify] [Include breakdown of expenses]1
5. 
Performance of Underlying/Formula/Other Variable, Explanation of Effect on Value of 
Investment and Associated Risks and Other Information concerning the Underlying Reference 
or Reference Rate 
[Not applicable] [Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the 
index/formula/other variables can be obtained.  If there is a derivative component or complex 
derivative in the interest or redemption amount, an example of how the value of the investment is 
affected by the value of the underlying or the nature of the securities may be included.][Information 
on past and future performance and volatility of [specify underlying] can be obtained [but not] free 
of charge, from [Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of 
performance]. 
[Where the underlying is an index need to include the name of the index and where the information 
about the index can be obtained.  NB:  The Securities may not be linked to an index composed by the 
Issuer or any entity belonging to the same group as the Issuer.] 
[Where the underlying is a security need to include the name of the issuer of the security and the ISIN 
(International Security Identification Number) or other such security identification code] 
[Include where the Securities reference SOFR: The Issuer is not affiliated with the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not sanction, endorse or 
recommend any products or services offered by the Issuer.] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance transaction information [specify what information will 
be reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance transaction 
information]. 
6. 
Operational Information 
(i)
Any clearing 
system(s) other 
than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
approved by the 
Issuer and the 
Principal Warrant 
and Certificate 
Agent and the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s) and 
address(es): 
[Not applicable/give name(s), number(s) and address(es)]
(ii)
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(iii)
Additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
7. 
Non-exempt Offer 
[Applicable/Not applicable]
1
Not required for debt securities with a notional amount per Certificate of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
currency as of the Issue Date).

--- Page 476 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 476 – 
(i)
Authorised Offeror: 
[Not 
applicable][Specify 
identity 
of 
any 
Authorised 
Offeror(s)(including LEIs)][See paragraph 57 of Part A] 
(ii)
[Offer Period:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable][See paragraph 57 of Part A above] 
(iii)
[Offer Price:] 
[[specify][●] per cent. of the Issue Price (of which [[selling] 
fees] and [commissions] of [●] of [●] [the Aggregate Notional 
Amount] shall be retained by [the Authorised Offeror[s]] [and 
a [maximum] amount of [●] per cent. is represented by 
commissions payable to the Authorised Offeror[s].] 
[Issue Price/Not applicable/specify] 
(iv)
[Conditions to which 
the offer is subject:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw the offer of the 
Certificates in whole or in part at any time on or prior to the 
Issue Date.  For the avoidance of doubt, if any application has 
been made by a potential investor and the Issuer reserves such 
right to withdraw the offer of Certificates, each such potential 
investor shall not be entitled to subscribe for or otherwise 
acquire Certificates.] 
[Article 30] of [Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 
February 1998], as amended from time to time (the "Italian 
Financial Services Act") permits the promotion and 
placement to the public in the Republic of Italy of financial 
instruments in a place other than the registered office or 
establishments of the issuer, offeror or appointed person 
carrying out such promotion and/or placement, under certain 
conditions.  Such activity is referred in the Italian Financial 
Services Act as "door-to-door selling".  Pursuant to paragraph 
6 of Article 30 of the Italian Financial Services Act, all door-
to-door selling of financial instruments must be accompanied 
by a clear indication to investors that they have a right of 
withdrawal from any contract entered into pursuant to door-to-
door selling, exercisable within a period of seven days from the 
date of subscription by the investor. Within such period, 
contracts entered into pursuant to door-to-door selling shall not 
be enforceable, and investors may exercise their withdrawal 
right without payment of any charge or commission by 
contacting the offeror or appointed person with whom the 
subscription for Certificates was placed.] [A non-exempt offer 
of Certificates in the Republic of Italy may be made using door-
to-door selling in accordance with Article 30 of the Italian 
Financial Services Act during the Offer Period.] [Further, 
Certificates may be offered in the Republic of Italy to investors 
through recorded telephone orders pursuant to applicable 
Italian law.] 
(v)
[Description of the 
application process:] 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 477 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 477 – 
(vi)
[Details of the 
minimum and/or 
maximum amount of 
application:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(vii)
[Description of 
possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and 
manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by 
applicants:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(viii) [Details of the method 
and time limits for 
paying up and 
delivering the 
Certificates:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(ix)
[Manner in and date 
on which results of the 
offer are to be made 
public:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(x)
[Procedure for 
exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, 
negotiability of 
subscription rights and 
treatment of 
subscription rights not 
exercised:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(xi)
[Categories of 
potential investors to 
which the Certificates 
are offered:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(xii)
[Process for 
notification to 
applicants of the 
amount allotted and 
indication whether 
dealing may begin 
before notification is 
made:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[No dealings in the Certificates on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU may take place prior to the Issue Date.] 
(xiii) [Amount of any 
expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to 
the subscriber or 
purchaser:] 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 478 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 478 – 
(xiv) [Name and address of 
the entities which have 
a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries 
in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity 
through bid and after 
rates and a description 
of the main terms of 
their commitment:] 
[None/give details (such as the maximum bid/offer spread of 
the offer price and the minimum unit amount per order)] 
8. 
Placing and Underwriting2 
(i)
Name and address of the 
co-ordinator(s) of the 
global offer and of single 
parts of the offer:3
[specify] 
(ii)
Name and address of any 
paying agents and 
depository agents in each 
country: 
[specify] 
(iii)
Entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a 
firm commitment basis, 
and entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a 
firm commitment or under 
"best efforts" 
arrangements:4
[specify] 
(iv)
When the underwriting 
agreement has been or will 
be reached: 
[specify] 
9. 
Yield  
Indication of yield: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
10. 
Historic Interest Rates  
Details of historic [EURIBOR/SONIA/STIBOR/SOFR/€STR/SARON] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters]. 
11. 
Description of Charged Assets 
(i)
Charged Asset Structure: 
[[Charged Asset Structure 1[A]/[B]]/[Charged Asset Structure 
2[A]/[B]]/[Charged Asset Structure 3]/[Charged Asset 
Structure 
4[A]/B]]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
5[A]/[B]/[C]/[D]/E]/[F][G][H]]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
2
To the extent known to the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place. 
3
Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered. 
4
See "Risk Factors relating to Securities – Potential Conflicts of Interest" in the Base Prospectus for further information.

--- Page 479 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 479 – 
6[A]/[B]/[C]/[D]/E]/[F]]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
7[A/[B][C]]]]/[Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
8[A/[B]] 
is 
applicable. 
(ii)
Amount of the Charged 
Assets: 
[specify] 
(iii) Collateral Exchange 
Structure: 
[Collateral Exchange Structure 1]/[Collateral Exchange 
Structure 2]/[Collateral Exchange Structure 3][ is applicable] 
[Not applicable] 
Variable Information: 
Complete applicable items below: 
Margin Delivery Date: [specify]/delete if not applicable]. 
Minimum 
Transfer 
Amount: 
[specify]/delete 
if 
not 
applicable]. 
Exchange Value: [specify if amounts in addition to Value of 
Received Collateral is applicable]
Exchange Margin Calculation Value: [specify if amounts in 
addition to Value of Received Collateral is applicable]
Exchange Transaction Valuation Date: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable]. 
[Counterparty Net Payments is applicable] (Delete if not 
applicable) 
(iv) Credit Support Structure: 
[Credit Support Structure 1]/[Credit Support Structure 
2]/[Credit Support Structure 3]/[Credit Support Structure 4] is 
applicable. 
Complete applicable items below: 
Credit Support Valuation Agent: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable]. 
Margin Delivery Date: [specify]/delete if not applicable]. 
Minimum Transfer Amount: [specify]/delete if not applicable]. 
Over Collateralisation Level:[specify if other than 100%; 
otherwise delete]  
Repo Transaction Valuation Date: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable]. 
Support Percentage: [specify]/delete if not applicable]. 
Swap Agreement Valuation Date: [specify]/delete if not 
applicable].

--- Page 480 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 480 – 
Value:  [specify if other than market value; otherwise delete]  
Swap Counterparty Collateral: [specify (including valuation 
percentages, where applicable)]] 
Issuer Posted Collateral: [specify (including valuation 
percentages, where applicable)][delete if not applicable]  
The Non Posting Period applicable [to the Issuer] [and] [the 
Swap Counterparty] is [specify]  
(v)
Loan to value ratio or level 
of collateralisation of the 
Charged Assets: 
[specify] 
(vi) Where the Charged Assets 
comprise obligations of 5 
or fewer obligors which 
are legal persons or where 
an obligor accounts for 
20% or more of the 
Charged Assets, or where 
an obligor accounts for a 
material portion of the 
Charged Assets: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
For 
the 
purposes 
of 
Charged 
Asset 
Structure 
[1][2][3][4][5][6][7][8]: 
[the counterparty to the Swap Agreement is [BNP 
Paribas][BNP 
Paribas 
Fortis 
SA/NV](the 
"Swap 
Counterparty").] 
[the counterparty to the Deposit Agreement is: [specify] (the 
"Deposit Counterparty").] 
[the counterparty to the Collateral Exchange Agreement is 
[specify] (the "Collateral Exchange Counterparty").] 
[the issuer of [identify applicable Reference Securities 
including legal nature eg type of interest payable (if any) 
whether securities are subordinated/secured etc.] (the 
"Reference Securities") is [specify] (the "Reference Security 
Issuer").] 
[the obligor in respect of [identify applicable Compartment 
Assets where Compartment Assets are other than Reference 
Securities including legal nature of asset] (the "Compartment 
Assets") is [specify] (the "Compartment Asset Obligor").] 
[An obligor (including the Deposit Counterparty, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Compartment Asset Obligor, the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty5 and the Reference Security Issuer, 
where applicable) must have securities already admitted to 
trading on a regulated or equivalent market or the obligations 
are guaranteed by an entity admitted to trading on a regulated 
or equivalent market. Insert the name, address, country of 
incorporation, nature of business and name of the market in 
which its securities are admitted so far as the Issuer is aware 
and/or is able to ascertain from information published by the 
obligor(s)]
5
Insert references to relevant counterparties to Related Agreements here where relevant counterparty constitutes an obligor for the 
purposes of item 2.2.11(b) of Annex 19 of the  Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980

--- Page 481 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 481 – 
(vii) Any relationship that is 
material to the issue 
between the Issuer, 
guarantor (if applicable) 
and obligor under the 
Charged Assets: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable, provide details of the principal terms of that 
relationship] 
[specify[which is the [insert capacity/capacities] under the 
Certificates]  
(viii)Charged Assets 
comprising obligations that 
are not admitted to trading 
on a regulated or 
equivalent market: 
[Applicable / Not applicable]6[where Reference Securities are 
Eligible BNP Paribas Fortis Collateral Securities specify "The 
Reference Securities are Eligible BNP Paribas Fortis 
Collateral Securities" [and specify the applicable type of 
interest (either fixed rate or zero coupon) and scheduled 
redemption date of the Reference Securities.] The Eligible 
BNP Paribas Fortis Collateral Currency is [EUR] [USD] 
[AUD] [CAD] [CHF] [DKK] [GBP] [JPY] [NOK] [NZD] 
[SEK].] 
[See paragraph entitled "Where the Charged Assets comprise 
obligations of 5 or fewer obligors which are legal persons or 
where an obligor accounts for 20% or more of the Charged 
Assets, or where an obligor accounts for a material portion of 
the Charged Assets" above where the applicable Charged 
Asset Structure is specified.] 
(ix) Charged Assets 
comprising equity 
securities or obligations 
that are admitted to trading 
on a regulated or 
equivalent market: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable, indicate the following: 
(a) 
a description of the securities; 
(b) 
a description of the market on which they are traded 
and electronic link to where documentation can found 
and where equity securities: including its date of 
establishment, how price information is published, an 
indication of daily trading volumes, information as to 
the standing of the market in the country and the name 
of the market's regulatory authority; 
(c) 
where equity securities: the frequency with which 
prices of the relevant securities are published.] 
(Complete in conjunction with relevant provisions above) 
[See paragraph entitled "Where the Charged Assets comprise 
obligations of 5 or fewer obligors which are legal persons or 
where an obligor accounts for 20% or more of the Charged 
Assets, or where an obligor accounts for a material portion of 
the Charged Assets" above]  
(x)
Names, addresses and 
significant business 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
6
An obligor (including the Deposit Counterparty, the Swap Counterparty, the Compartment Asset Obligor, the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty  and the Reference Security Issuer, where applicable) must have securities already admitted to trading on a regulated 
or equivalent market or the obligations are guaranteed by an entity admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent market.)

--- Page 482 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 482 – 
activities of the originators 
of the Compartment 
Assets: 
 
[If applicable, provide details] 
(xi) Name, address and 
significant business 
activities of the 
Calculation Agent, 
together with a summary 
of the Calculation Agent's 
responsibilities, its 
relationship with the 
originator or the creator of 
the assets forming the 
Charged Assets: 
[specify] 
(xii) Names and addresses and 
brief description of the 
banks with which the main 
accounts relating to the 
Series are held: 
[specify] 
(xiii)Information concerning the 
obligor of the Charged 
Assets reproduced from a 
source published by a third 
party: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[If applicable: So far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [specify], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information misleading.] 
(xiv)Legal jurisdiction by 
which the Charged Assets 
are governed: 
[insert jurisdiction]
(xv) Expiry or maturity date(s) 
of the Charged Assets: 
[The Redemption Date/specify other]
12. 
[EU Benchmarks Regulation 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: 
Article 29(2) statement on 
benchmarks: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Certificates are 
calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of Benchmark[s]/the 
relevant Benchmark], which [[is/are] provided by [[insert 
name[s] of the Administrator[s]]/the [relevant] Administrator] 
[as, specified in the table below] (if more than one, specify in 
relation to each relevant Benchmark)]. 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [[insert name[s] of the 
Administrator[s]/the [relevant] Administrator[s]] [[is/are] [not 
included]/[[is/are] included] [as the case may be,] included in 
the register of Administrators and Benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
[("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the "BMR")] [, as 
specified in the table below].

--- Page 483 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 483 – 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of the 
Benchmark[s]/the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] not fall 
within the scope of the BMR by virtue of Article 2 of the 
BMR.]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the BMR 
apply, such that the [relevant] Administrator is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration[, as specified in 
the table below].] [repeat as necessary or insert necessary 
information in a table below]] 
[Not applicable]] 
[Benchmark] [Administrator] [Register] [Other 
Information] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
13.
[MiFID II Product 
Governance/Target Market 
Assessment 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Certificates, taking into account the five categories in item 
18 of the Guidelines published by [ESMA]/[the European 
Securities and Markets Authority] on 5 February 2018, has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Certificates 
is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients [and 
retail clients], each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Certificates are appropriate[, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution 
of the Certificates to retail clients are appropriate – 
[investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ 
non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to 
the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations 
under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]].] 
14.
[UK MiFIR product 
governance/target market 
assessment
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Securities, taking into account the five categories in item 18 of 
the Guidelines published by [the European Securities and 
Markets Authority]/[ESMA] on 5 February 2018 (in accordance 
with the FCA’s policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to 
EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i)

--- Page 484 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR CERTIFICATES – PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
- 484 – 
the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS")[,] [and] professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA ("UK MiFIR") [and retail clients, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("EUWA")]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Securities are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) 
the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail 
clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, 
subject 
to 
the 
distributor's 
suitability 
and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as 
applicable]].]

--- Page 485 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 485 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, which will include the additional terms and 
conditions for payouts for Securities contained in Annex 1, the additional terms and conditions contained in 
Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 3 in the 
case of Share Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 4 in the case of Debt 
Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 5 in the case of Commodity Linked 
Notes, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 6 in the case of Inflation Linked Notes, the 
additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 7 in the case of Currency Linked Notes, the additional 
terms and conditions contained in Annex 8 in the case of Fund Linked Notes, the additional terms and 
conditions contained in Annex 9 in the case of Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes, the additional terms 
and conditions contained in Annex 10 in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the additional terms and conditions 
contained in Annex 11 in the case of ETI Linked Notes and the additional terms and conditions contained in 
Annex 12 in the case of Notional Value Repack Notes (each an "Annex" and together the "Annexes" which 
may be added from time to time) which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note and each 
Definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority 
(if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and 
agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed upon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.   
The Terms and Conditions of any Notes will be completed either by the applicable Final Terms or, in 
circumstances where Notes are not issued on the basis of this Base Prospectus, by issue specific terms 
prepared in accordance with any such issue ("Issue Specific Terms"). Where the Terms and Conditions of 
any Notes are completed by Issue Specific Terms, references herein and the Annexes to the "Final Terms" 
shall be deemed to be references to the "Issue Specific Terms" relating to such Notes.  
The applicable Final Terms or Issue Specific Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed on, 
attached to or incorporated by reference in, each temporary global Note, permanent global Note and 
definitive Note.  Reference should be made to the section headed "Form of Final Terms for Notes" above for 
a description of the content of Final Terms or Issue Specific Terms, as the case may be, which will specify 
which of such terms is to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.   
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by SecurAsset S.A. (the "Issuer"), a regulated 
securitisation undertaking within the meaning of the Luxembourg Act dated 22 March 2004 on securitisation, 
as amended (the "Securitisation Act 2004", which term shall include such act as modified, amended or re-
enacted from time to time), constituted and secured by relevant issue deed dated the date of issue of the Notes 
(the "Issue Date") (or in the case of Notes issued through a Multi-Series Compartment, secured by the issue 
deed relating to the first series of notes issued through the relevant Compartment (the "Original Issue Deed") 
and constituted by the Original Issue Deed and an issue deed supplemental to the Original Issue Deed) 
between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Trustee and the persons specified therein as a Swap Counterparty and/or 
Deposit Counterparty and/or Repo Counterparty (each as defined in Condition 8 (Compartment Assets)) (the 
"Issue Deed") which incorporates master trust terms between the Issuer and BNP Paribas Trust Corporation 
UK Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or 
trustees under the Trust Deed (as defined below)) as trustee for the Noteholders (as defined below) and, 
where applicable, the holders of any Related Notes (the "Master Trust Terms", together with the Issue Deed 
and the issue deeds relating to any Related Notes (which may be expressed to be supplemental to any Original 
Issue Deed), the "Trust Deed")). References herein to the "Issuer" shall include the Substitute Company as 
defined in Condition 13(e) (Substitution), in the case of any substitution of the Issuer in accordance with that 
Condition.   
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean:  
(a) 
in relation to any Note(s) represented by a global Note, units of each specified denomination (the 
"Specified Denomination") in the Specified Currency of issue;

--- Page 486 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 486 - 
(b) 
definitive Notes in bearer form ("Definitive Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a global Note;  
(c) 
any global Note in bearer or registered form ("Bearer Global Note(s)" and "Registered Global
Note(s)", respectively, and each a global Note); and  
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Definitive Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Registered Global Note).   
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an agency 
agreement dated 6 February 2009 as most recently amended and restated on 22 September 2022 (the "Agency 
Agreement", which expression includes the same as it may be modified and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time) and made between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Trustee, BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. as 
calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"), which expression shall include any additional or successor 
calculation agents specified in the applicable Final Terms), BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch (which, from and including the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale de 
Luxembourg) as account bank (where specified in the applicable Final Terms) (the "Account Bank"), BNP 
Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the Merger Date, will be 
substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) as issuing and paying agent, registrar, transfer 
agent and, where specified in the applicable Final Terms, the custodian and cash manager (the "Issuing and 
Paying Agent", the "Registrar", "Transfer Agent", the "Custodian" and the "Cash Manager" 
respectively, which expressions shall include, in each case, any additional or successor agents specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the Registrar, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor 
paying agents).  The Paying Agents, the Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Cash Manager and the 
Custodian shall be referred to collectively hereunder as the "Agents".  The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement (together with any supplements thereto), the Dealer Agreement and any other Related 
Agreements are together referred to as the "Transaction Documents". 
Interest bearing Definitive Bearer Notes (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have 
interest coupons ("Coupons") and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons 
("Talons") attached on issue.  Any reference herein to "Coupons" or "coupons" shall, unless the context 
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to "Talons" or "talons".  Definitive Bearer Notes 
repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other 
than the final instalment) attached on issue.  Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached 
on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the "Noteholders", which 
expression shall mean, in the case of Bearer Notes, the holders of the Notes and, in the case of Registered 
Notes, the persons in whose name the Notes are registered, and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by 
a global Note, be construed as provided in Condition 1 below), the holders of the Receipts (the 
"Receiptholders") and the holders of the Coupons (the "Couponholders", which expression shall, unless 
the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the 
Trust Deed.  The Trustee also holds the Compartment Security granted by the Issuer for itself and the other 
Secured Parties (as defined below). 
Any references in these Terms and Conditions to "Coupons", "Talons" or "Receipts" shall not apply to 
Registered Notes. 
Any reference herein to "Euroclear" and/or "Clearstream, Luxembourg" (each term as defined below) shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing 
system specified in the applicable Final Terms, approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes only) and, in the case 
of Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 487 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 487 - 
The Final Terms for the Notes (or other relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Final Terms that are 
endorsed on, attached to or incorporated by reference in the Notes and which complete these terms and 
conditions (the "Terms and Conditions" or the "Conditions"). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects,  "Series" means a Tranche of 
Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and 
form a single series with the original Tranche and (b) identical in all respects except for their respective Issue 
Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices, as applicable and "Related Notes" means each 
other series of notes issued through the same Compartment as the Notes where the relevant Compartment is 
a Multi-Series Compartment (as defined in Condition 16(b)).  
Copies of the Master Trust Terms and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders 
during normal business hours from the specified offices of the Paying Agents or may be provided by email 
to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the relevant Paying Agent and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent).  Copies of the applicable Final 
Terms are available for viewing by Noteholders at www.bourse.lu and copies may be obtained from the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent save that, if this Note is a Private Placement Note (as defined 
below) which has not been offered to the public in Luxembourg, the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more such Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and 
identity.  The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Trust Deed (as such term is defined in the Master Trust Terms).  In this paragraph, "Private Placement 
Note" means any Note that is not (i) offered to the public in the EEA for the purposes of article 1.1 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") (except as specified under Article 1.4 and/or 
Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation) or (ii) admitted to trading in the EEA for the purposes of article 1.1 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
BNP Paribas ("BNPP") and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA are implementing an intragroup 
reorganisation pursuant to which BNPP, as the "absorbing entity", will merge with BNP Paribas Securities 
Services SCA, as the "absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger regime (fusion simplifiée), which 
is governed by Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (the 
"Intragroup Merger"). The Intragroup Merger will take effect on 1 October 2022 or such other date as shall 
be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (the "Merger Date"). 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Notes, each Noteholder expressly acknowledges and agrees 
that: 
(a) 
the Issuer (i) is subject to the Securitisation Act 2004 and (ii) in connection with the Notes has created 
a specific Compartment, which Compartment shall be identified by the number and/or name ascribed 
to it in the applicable Final Terms, to which all assets, rights, claims and agreements relating to the 
Notes will be allocated; 
(b) 
the provisions with respect to the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms will apply; 
(c) 
all payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the related Swap Agreement (if 
any) will be made only from and to the extent of the sums received or recovered from time to time 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of the Charged Assets and, following a Note 
Acceleration in respect of the Note, the entitlement of the Noteholder will be limited to such 
Noteholder's pro rata share of the proceeds of the relevant Charged Assets applied in accordance 
with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms and not to the assets allocated to 
other compartments created by the Issuer or to any other assets of the Issuer and, in the case of 
Guaranteed Notes, sums obtained on its behalf by the Trustee, making a claim under the Guarantee,

--- Page 488 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 488 - 
subject to the terms set out in the applicable Final Terms and the relevant provisions of the 
Guarantee; 
(d)  
once all moneys received by the Trustee in connection with the enforcement of the Compartment 
Security over the Charged Assets have been applied in accordance with the Order of Priority set out 
in the applicable Final Terms and in the Master Trust Terms, it is not entitled to take any further 
steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums due and the right to receive any such sum shall 
be extinguished;  
(e) 
it shall have no right to attach or otherwise seize the Charged Assets (subject as provided above), or 
any other assets of the Issuer, including, without limitation, any assets allocated to any other 
compartments of the Issuer; and 
(f) 
no Noteholder shall be entitled to petition or take any other step for the liquidation, winding-up or 
the bankruptcy of the Issuer or any similar proceedings. 
Words and expressions defined in the Master Trust Terms or the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated, and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between 
the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will 
prevail. 
1. 
Form, denomination and title 
The Notes, except for Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") are in bearer form ("Bearer 
Notes"), and, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, serially numbered, issued in the Specified 
Currency and the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
The Notes are, to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes, Zero Coupon Notes, Dual Currency Interest Notes or Notes with interest linked to one or 
more underlying reference assets or bases ("Underlying Reference(s)") ("Linked Interest Notes") 
specified in the applicable Final Terms such as Index Linked Interest Notes, Share Linked Interest 
Notes, Debt Linked Interest Notes, Commodity Linked Interest Notes, Inflation Linked Interest 
Notes, Currency Interest Linked Notes, Fund Linked Interest Notes, Underlying Interest Rate Linked 
Interest Notes, Credit Linked Interest Notes, ETI Linked Interest Notes, Hybrid Interest Notes or any 
combination thereof. The Notes may be Index Linked Redemption Notes, Share Linked Redemption 
Notes, Debt Linked Redemption Notes, Commodity Linked Redemption Notes, Inflation Linked 
Redemption Notes, Currency Linked Redemption Notes, Fund Linked Redemption Notes, 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Redemption Notes, Credit Linked Redemption Notes, ETI Linked 
Redemption Notes, Hybrid Redemption Notes, Instalment Notes, Dual Currency Redemption Note 
or any combination thereof.  
If the Notes are Hybrid Notes and Hybrid Notes is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the terms and conditions of the Notes will be construed on the basis that in respect of each 
separate type of Underlying Reference, the relevant terms applicable to each such separate type of 
Underlying Reference will apply, as the context admits, separately and independently in respect of 
the relevant type of Underlying Reference, except as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Hybrid Business Day" has the meaning given to such term in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Notes will be settled by way of cash payment ("Cash Settled Notes") or, if Physical Settlement 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or becomes applicable depending on whether 
certain conditions are met as specified in the applicable Final Terms), will be settled by physical 
delivery ("Physical Delivery Notes").

--- Page 489 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 489 - 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to "Coupons" and "Couponholders" in these Terms and Conditions are not 
applicable.   
Subject as set out below, title to Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery.  Subject 
as set out below, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any Paying Agent will (except as 
otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon as the 
absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.   
The Issuer has appointed the Registrar and shall cause to be kept at the office of the Registrar, a 
register (the "Register") on which shall be entered, inter alia, the name and address of the beneficial 
owner of the principal and stated interest of the Registered Notes, the amount and type of the 
Registered Notes held by each Noteholder, and particulars of all transfers of title to the Registered 
Notes.  Subject as set out below, title to the Definitive Registered Notes will pass upon registration 
of transfers in the Register and surrender.  The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent 
manifest error and, except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the 
registered holder of any Definitive Registered Note whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute 
owner for purposes of payment of principal and interest on such Definitive Registered Notes 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the registered holder. 
For so long as any of the Bearer Notes or the Registered Notes is represented by a global Note held 
on behalf of, or in the case of Registered Notes by a common depositary on behalf of, Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear system ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the 
Trustee and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of the Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, 
for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Note or, as applicable, the registered holder (as 
shown in the Register, provided that, for all other purposes hereunder and notwithstanding any 
provision to the contrary, in the event of any differences between the information contained in the 
Register and that contained in the Issuer Register (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer 
Register shall prevail) of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if any), the Trustee and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Without limitation to the foregoing, in determining whether a particular person is entitled to a 
particular nominal amount of Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or 
information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, 
such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all concerned.   
Notes which are represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  References to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 490 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 490 - 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
(a) 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes  
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants 
in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. 
A Registered Global Note may be transferred only to a successor clearing organisation. A beneficial 
interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Notes or for a beneficial interest 
in another Registered Global Note only in the Specified Denominations set out in the applicable 
Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Agency Agreement. 
(b) 
Transfers of Definitive Registered Notes
Subject as provided in paragraph (e) below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Agency Agreement, a Definitive Registered Note may be transferred in whole or in part (in the 
Specified Denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order to effect any such transfer 
(i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Definitive Registered Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Definitive Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly 
executed by the holder or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in 
writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the Registrar 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title 
and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial 
regulations being set out in Schedule 2 to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the 
Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being 
for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of 
the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such 
longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), 
authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the 
transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new Definitive Registered Note of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Definitive 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Note) transferred.  In the case of 
the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered Note, a new Definitive Registered Note in respect 
of the balance of the Definitive Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered 
or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor.  The Registrar will promptly notify the Issuer 
of any change made to the Register and the Issuer will, upon receipt of any such notice, update the 
Issuer Register accordingly. 
(c) 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered 
Note, called for partial redemption.   
(d) 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular

--- Page 491 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 491 - 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.   
(e) 
Exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally
Holders of Definitive Registered Notes may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global 
Note of the same type at any time.  Transfers by the holder of, or of a beneficial interest in a 
Registered Global Note may not be made except (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (ii) outside 
the United States to or for the account of a non-U.S. person in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 
904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
(f)
Definitions 
In this Condition, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:  
"Regulation S" means Regulation S under the Securities Act;  
"Regulation S Global Note" means a Registered Global Note representing Notes sold outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S; and 
"Securities Act" means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.   
3. 
Status of the Notes; Guaranteed Notes  
(a) 
Status of the Notes
The Notes, Coupons and Receipts are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, ranking 
pari passu without any preference among themselves, which are secured in the manner described in 
Condition 8 (Compartment Assets) and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner 
described in Condition 8 (Compartment Assets). 
Unless Waiver of Set-Off is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Noteholder 
(and, if applicable, any Couponholder or Receiptholder) may at any time exercise or claim any 
Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer (or, the Guarantor) has or may 
have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all 
agreements or other instruments of any sort or any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether 
or not relating to such Note, Receipt or Coupon) and each such holder shall be deemed to have 
waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all 
such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 3(a) is intended to provide or shall be construed 
as acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim 
or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Note, Receipt or Coupon but for 
this Condition 3(a). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(a), "Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of or 
claims of any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder for deduction, set-off, netting, 
compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with 
any such Note, Receipt or Coupon. 
(b) 
Guaranteed Notes
If the Notes are "Guaranteed Notes" as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject to the 
satisfaction of the conditions set out therein and in the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed 
applicable to such Notes, certain payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Guaranteed

--- Page 492 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 492 - 
Notes will have the benefit of a guarantee (the "Guarantee") in favour of the Trustee (for itself, and 
as trustee for holders of such Guaranteed Notes) made by BNP Paribas(in such capacity, the 
"Guarantor").  
The obligations of BNP Paribas as Guarantor under any Guarantee are senior preferred (within the 
meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu with all its other present and future senior 
preferred and unsecured obligations, subject to such exceptions as may from time to time be 
mandatory under French law. 
(c) 
Subrogation of the Guarantor 
Under the Guarantee, the Guarantor will be subrogated to any rights of the holders of the Guaranteed 
Notes and the Trustee against the Issuer to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to the 
extent of such payment in respect of amounts due in respect of the Notes which have been paid by 
the Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
4. 
Restrictions 
(a) 
The Issuer has covenanted in the Trust Deed that, inter alia, so long as any of the Notes remains 
outstanding, it will not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee:  
(i) 
engage in any activity or do anything whatsoever, except:  
(A) 
issue instruments which are subject to the Securitisation Act 2004 and the 
enforcement and limited recourse provisions of the Trust Deed or any other relevant 
agreement ("Permitted Instruments", provided that such term shall include, 
without limitation, Related Agreements, warrants, certificates, Notes, Further 
Notes and Related Notes (each as defined below));  
(B) 
otherwise incur indebtedness (any such indebtedness, "Permitted Indebtedness") 
in respect of moneys borrowed or raised where such indebtedness is incurred on 
terms that it is subject to, and in compliance with, the Securitisation Act 2004 
and/or is secured on assets or other property which are not part of the Charged 
Assets and on terms which provide for the extinguishment of all claims in respect 
of such indebtedness after application of the proceeds of the assets or property on 
which such indebtedness is secured;  
(C) 
enter into any deed or agreement of any kind related to any Permitted Instrument 
or Permitted Indebtedness, but provided always other than in the case of any 
Related Notes that any such deed or agreement is entered into on terms that the 
obligations of the Issuer thereunder relate to a compartment of specified assets of 
the Issuer (other than its share capital) which does not form part of the Charged 
Assets and on terms which provide for extinguishment of all claims in respect of 
such obligations after application of the assets on which such indebtedness is 
secured;  
(D) 
acquire, or enter into any agreement constituting, the collateral in respect of any 
Permitted Instrument or the assets securing any Permitted Indebtedness to enable 
it to discharge its obligations under such Permitted Instrument or Permitted 
Indebtedness;  
(E) 
perform its obligations under each Permitted Instrument or Permitted Indebtedness, 
or any deed or agreement incidental to the issue and constitution of, or the granting 
of security for, any Permitted Instrument or Permitted Indebtedness;

--- Page 493 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 493 - 
(F) 
enforce any of its rights whether under any deed or agreement entered into in 
relation to any Permitted Instrument or Permitted Indebtedness;  
(G) 
perform any act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above; or  
(H) 
as permitted by the Conditions;  
(ii)  
have any subsidiaries; 
(iii) 
have any employees; 
(iv) 
dispose of any of its property or other assets or any part thereof or interest therein (subject 
(A) to this subparagraph (a) and (B) as provided in the terms and conditions relating to any 
Permitted Instrument or the terms and conditions relating to any Permitted Indebtedness);  
(v)  
issue any further fungible Notes or Related Notes unless the trustee and/or guarantor thereof 
is the same person as, respectively, the Trustee and/or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
for the Notes;  
(vi)  
pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its members other than in respect of any 
shares issued by SecurAsset S.A. acting through a compartment where such dividend or 
other distribution is funded solely from the profits of such compartment in accordance with 
the articles of association of the Issuer; 
(vii) 
guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or hold out its credit as being 
available to satisfy the obligations of others;  
(viii)  
pledge its assets for the benefit of any other entity or make any loans or advances to any 
entity (other than in respect of or in connection with Permitted Instruments and Permitted 
Indebtedness); or 
(ix)  
consolidate or merge with any other person. 
(b) 
The Issuer has covenanted in the Trust Deed that, inter alia, save with the prior written consent of 
the Trustee, the Issuer shall, so long as any of the Notes remains outstanding:  
(i) 
maintain proper books and records, accounts and financial statements for each 
Compartment and for the Issuer;  
(ii)  
hold itself out as a separate entity, conduct its business in its own name and maintain an 
arm's length relationship with its affiliates (if any);  
(iii) 
notify the Trustee in writing immediately on becoming aware of the occurrence of any Event 
of Default or Potential Event of Default or the proposed mandatory redemption of any Note; 
(iv)  
provide the Trustee with certain certificates within specified timeframes that no Event of 
Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred since the Certification Date of the last 
certificate or the date of the Trust Deed, or, if such an event has occurred, giving details of 
it; 
(v) 
for each Series send to the Trustee at least 48 hours (if practicable) before it is to be issued 
the form of each notice to be given to the Noteholders and, once given, two copies of each 
such notice; 
(vi) 
forthwith upon request by the Trustee give notice to the Noteholders of any Series of any 
unconditional payment to the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Trustee of any sum due in

--- Page 494 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 494 - 
respect of the Notes, the Receipts or Coupons of such Series made after the due date for 
such payment; 
(vii) 
in relation to each Series: 
(A) 
comply and procure that each of the parties thereto complies with its obligations 
under the Agency Agreement, any Swap Agreement, any Deposit Agreement or 
any Repurchase Agreement; and 
(B) 
procure that any Swap Counterparty gives the Trustee notice of any substitution of 
the Compartment Assets with substitute securities or cash substitute in accordance 
with the terms of Condition 8(f) (Compartment Assets substitution by Swap 
Counterparty); 
(viii) 
not commingle its assets with those of any other entity; and  
(ix) 
observe all formalities required by its memorandum and articles of association (including 
maintaining adequate capital for its operations).  
5. 
Interest
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) specified per annum (or otherwise) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will accrue in 
respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall in these Terms and Conditions mean the 
period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each such latter date the 
"Interest Period End Final Date" for the relevant Interest Period)).  Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.  If an 
Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period, no additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being 
payable on such later date.  If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as applying to an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
If no Business Day Convention is specified as applicable to an Interest Period End Date in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Notes are in definitive form:

--- Page 495 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 495 - 
(A) 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Final Date in respect of such 
Interest Period, will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount; and 
(B) 
the amount of interest payable on any other Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
Interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: (1) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed 
Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or (2) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive 
form, the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. The 
resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of 
any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention, or in the case of Dual Currency Interest Notes, converting the resulting figure into the 
Settlement Currency as provided in Condition 5(n) below. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount or pays interest in respect of 
each Interest Period (which expression shall in these Terms and Conditions mean the period 
from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest Commencement 
Date to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each such latter date the 
"Interest Period End Final Date" for the relevant Interest Period)).  For the purposes of 
this Condition 5(b), "Interest Period End Date" shall mean either: 
(A) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Period End Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after an Interest Period End 
Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other amount 
shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an 
Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or

--- Page 496 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 496 - 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5(b)(i)(A) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Period 
End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, (I) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (II) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (aa) such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (bb) each subsequent Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date 
or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than euro 
or CNY, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Settlement Currency (any such centre, an "Additional Business Centre" 
and which, if the Settlement Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day (a "TARGET Settlement Day") on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer ("TARGET2") payment 
system which utilises a single platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007 (or, if such system ceases to be operative, such system (if any) determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be a suitable replacement) (the "TARGET System") is 
open or (iii) for the purposes of making payments in CNY, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest

--- Page 497 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 497 - 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined (the "Interest Determination Date"), determine the Rate of 
Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period.  The Calculation Agent will notify 
the Issuing and Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon 
as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction (if any) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (as defined 
above) of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market convention and, in the case 
of Dual Currency Interest Notes, converting the resulting figure into the Settlement 
Currency as provided in Condition 5(n) below. Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Floating Rate Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"Calculation Period" means each Interest Period, AER Calculation Period, FR Calculation 
Period, Call Calculation Period or Put Calculation Period, as applicable. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period:  
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if none, the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided

--- Page 498 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 498 - 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(B) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (2) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(D) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a 
Calculation Period ending in a leap year, 366; 
(E) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(F) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
where: 
"Y1" is the year expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number is 31 in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day expressed as a number immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
360
[(
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
xY






--- Page 499 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 499 - 
(G) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31 in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(H) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
360
[(
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
xY





360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
360
[(
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
xY






--- Page 500 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 500 - 
(I) 
if "1/1" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction shall be 
equal to 1. 
"Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date  to 
but excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the Interest Period End Date is not a Determination Date, the period 
commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination 
Date falling after, such date); 
"Reference Rate Fallback Event" means, in relation to any Screen Page Reference Rate or 
AER Reference Rate, as applicable, any of the following, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent:  
(i) 
the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, ceasing to 
exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least six (6) consecutive Business 
Days or having been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information (provided that, at 
the time of any such event, there is no successor administrator that will provide the 
Screen Page Reference Rate) by or on behalf of (i) the administrator of the Screen 
Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, or (ii) the supervisor, 
insolvency official, resolution authority, central bank or competent court having 
jurisdiction over such administrator stating that (x) the administrator has ceased or 
will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide the Screen Page Reference Rate 
or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, (y) the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER 
Reference Rate, as applicable, has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, or (z) the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as 
applicable, has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use has been 
or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally, or in 
respect of the Notes, provided that, if such public statement or publication mentions 
that the event or circumstance referred to in (x), (y) or (z) above will occur on a 
date falling later than three (3) months after the relevant public statement or 
publication, the Reference Rate Fallback Event shall be deemed to occur on the 
date falling three (3) months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the 
relevant public statement); 
(iii) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date (as applicable), become 
unlawful for the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or any other party 
responsible for determining the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference 
Rate, as applicable, to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable 
(including, without limitation, under BMR, if applicable); or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information that any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Screen Page 
Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, or the administrator of the 
Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, has not been, 
or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case with the effect that the use of the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER 
Reference Rate, as applicable, is not or will not be permitted under any applicable

--- Page 501 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 501 - 
law or regulation, such that the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent 
or any other party responsible for determining the Screen Page Reference Rate or 
AER Reference Rate, as applicable, is unable to perform its obligations in respect 
of the Notes. 
A change in the methodology of the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, 
as applicable, shall not, absent the occurrence of one of the above, be deemed a Reference 
Rate Fallback Event. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the relevant 
Day Count Fraction is "unadjusted", the Interest Period and the Interest Amount payable 
on any date shall not, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, be affected 
by the application of any Business Day Convention. 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Issuing and Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the FBF Rate (where FBF Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option 
(where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer, then the Issuing and Paying Agent shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
"Designated Maturity" means (A) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate or (B) in relation to FBF Determination, the period 
of time specified in the relevant FBF Rate. 
(c) 
Interest on Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates 
Each Linked Interest Note bears interest on its nominal amount or pays interest in respect 
of each Interest Period (which expression shall in these Terms and Conditions mean the 
period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each 
such latter date the "Interest Period End Final Date" for the relevant Interest Period)). For 
the purposes of this Condition 5(c), "Interest Period End Date" shall mean either: 
(A) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Period End Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.

--- Page 502 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 502 - 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after an Interest Period End 
Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other amount 
shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an 
Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5(c)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, (I) in the case of (x) above, shall 
be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of 
(2) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (II) in the case of (y) above, shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event (aa) such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (bb) each subsequent Interest Period End 
Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be the last Business Day 
in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date 
or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
 (ii) 
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Linked Interest Notes will be 
the Coupon Rate determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms which 
Coupon Rate may comprise one or more Additional Coupons determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined (the "Interest Determination Date"), determine the Rate of 
Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify 
the Issuing and Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon 
as practicable after calculating the same.

--- Page 503 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 503 - 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Linked Interest Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global 
Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Linked Interest Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction (if any) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (as defined 
above) of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market convention and, in the case 
of Dual Currency Interest Notes, converting the resulting figure into the Settlement 
Currency as provided in Condition 5(n) below. Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Linked Interest Note in definitive form comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(d) 
ISDA, FBF and Screen Rate Determination 
(i) 
ISDA Determination
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which a Rate of Interest, or Rate, as the case may be, is to be determined, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions 
(as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (x) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based 
on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR")(or, in the event that 
EURIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as the 
financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for 
EURIBOR ), the first day of that Interest Period or (y) in any other case, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms as greater than zero, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 504 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 504 - 
(ii) 
FBF Determination 
Where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest will be payable on such dates, at 
such a rate (the "FBF Rate") and in such amounts, plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as would have been payable (regardless of any 
event of default or termination event thereunder) by the Issuer if it had entered into an 
interest rate swap transaction governed by an agreement in the form of the Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments (an "FBF 
Agreement"), as in effect on the date of issue of the Notes, published by the Fédération 
Bancaire Française and evidenced by a Confirmation (as defined in the FBF Agreement) 
with the holder of the relevant Note under which: 
(A) 
the Issuer was the Floating Amount Payer; 
(B) 
the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, (as defined 
herein) was the Agent (as defined in the FBF Agreement) or as otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
the Interest Commencement Date was the Transaction Date; 
(D) 
the lowest Specified Denomination was the Notional Amount; 
(E) 
the Interest Payment Dates were the Floating Amount Payment Dates; and 
(F) 
all other terms were as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
When the preceding sentence applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Payment Date: 
(1) 
the amount of interest determined for such Interest Payment Date will be the 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period for the purposes of these Terms 
and Conditions as though determined under Condition 5(b)(iii) or Condition 
5(c)(iii), as applicable; 
(2) 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be the Floating Rate (as defined 
in the FBF Agreement) determined by the Issuing and Paying Agent in 
accordance with the preceding sentence; and 
(3) 
the Issuing and Paying Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, will be deemed 
to have discharged its obligations under Condition 5(b)(iii) or Condition 5(c)(iii), 
as applicable below if it has determined the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date in the manner provided in the 
preceding sentence. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
EURIBOR or STIBOR  
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination–IBOR" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, is to 
be determined, such Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be either: 
(I) 
the offered quotation; or

--- Page 505 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 505 - 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the reference rate(s) (the "Reference 
Rate(s)") which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at the 
Specified Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., 
Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) 
(the "Screen Page Reference Rate") on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(2) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of (1)(I), above, no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) or, in the case of (1)(II), above, 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear, on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
such replacement page on that service which displays the information), in each case 
as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall request  each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Issuing and Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified 
Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the to the nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such 
offered quotations plus or minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.001, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards) being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the inter-bank market plus or minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
offered rates, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant

--- Page 506 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 506 - 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the inter-bank market applicable 
to the Reference Rate (which will be the Euro-zone inter-bank market, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, or the Stockholm inter-bank market, if the Reference 
Rate is STIBOR), (or, as the case may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to 
the Calculation Agent) plus or minus (as applicable) the Margin (if any), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5(d)(iii), the Rate of 
Interest or Rate, as the case may be, shall be equal to the last Reference Rate 
available on the Relevant Screen Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent except that if the Calculation 
Agent determines that the absence of the quotation is due to the discontinuation of 
the Screen Page Reference Rate or the occurrence of a Reference Rate Fallback 
Event, then the Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(d)(iv) below.   
"Reference Banks" means in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
or in the case of a determination of STIBOR, the principal office of four major 
banks in the Stockholm inter-bank market in each case selected by the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and approved in writing by the Trustee, or as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant screen page specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(B) 
SONIA 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or 
Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(B)(1) or 5(d)(iii)(B)(2) below, subject to the provisions of Condition 
5(d)(iii)(B)(4). 
(1) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each 
Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuing 
or Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
(2) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each 
Interest Period will be the Weighted Average SONIA plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(3) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 5(d)(iii)(B): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate 
of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with the daily

--- Page 507 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 507 - 
Sterling overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) 
calculated by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(x)
if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 +
ୗ୓୒୍୅౟ష౦ైాీ×୬౟
ଷ଺ହ
) −1] ×
ଷ଺ହ
ୢ
ୢ౥
୧ୀଵ
; 
(y)
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
[∏
(1 +
ୗ୓୒୍୅౟×୬౟
ଷ଺ହ
) −1] ×
ଷ଺ହ
ୢ
ୢ౥
୧ୀଵ
; or 
(z)
if "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
ቀ
ୗ୓୒୍୅୍୬ୢୣ୶ూ౟౤౗ౢ
ୗ୓୒୍୅୍୬ୢୣ୶౅౤౟౪౟౗ౢ−1ቁ×
ଷ଺ହ
ୢ, 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"d" means the number of calendar days (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as 
the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest 
Period, (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in the relevant Observation Lookback Period or (z) if "SONIA Index with 
Observation Shift" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, from (and including) 
the day in relation to which SONIA IndexInitial is determined to (but excluding) 
the day in relation to which SONIA IndexFinal is determined; 
"do" means, (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the number of London 
Business Days in such Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Observation 
Lookback Period, the number of London Business Days in such Observation 
Lookback Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Business Days in chronological order from (and including) the first 
London Business Day (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" 
is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from (and 
including) the day following the Interest Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London;

--- Page 508 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 508 - 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period where "Lag" or 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of London Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no 
such number is specified, five London Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the number of calendar days 
from (and including) such London Business Day i up to (but excluding) the 
following London Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling p London Business Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date 
which is p London Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at 
the end of such Interest Period; 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant Interest Period 
that is not a London Business Day falling in the Lock-out Period;  
"SONIA i" means, in respect of a London Business Day i: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect of such London Business Day i;  
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day i that is a Reference Day, 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding such Reference Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date for the 
relevant Interest Period; or  
(z)       if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the SONIA Rate for such London Business Day i;  
"SONIA Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date by reference to the screen 
rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator 
of the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or 
other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"SONIA IndexFinal" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA Index 
determined in relation to the day falling p London Business Days prior to the 
Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period;  
"SONIA IndexInitial" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA Index 
determined in relation to the day falling p London Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means:  
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of the

--- Page 509 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 509 - 
London Business Day falling p London Business Days  prior to such 
London Business Day i; or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of 
such London Business Day i. 
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Business 
Day, as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Business Day immediately following such London Business Day; and 
"Weighted Average SONIA" means: 
(x)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day during 
the relevant Observation Lookback Period divided by the number of 
calendar days during such Observation Lookback Period. For these 
purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a 
London Business Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of 
the London Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; or
(y)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the 
SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London 
Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day. 
(C) 
SONIA Fallbacks  
(x) 
If "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page (and has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors), such SONIA Rate shall 
be: 
I. 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing 
at the close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus 
(ii) the arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five days on which SONIA has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, 
if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads); or

--- Page 510 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 510 - 
II. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the immediately preceding London 
Business Day on which the SONIA Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London Business 
Day. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England 
publishing guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined or 
(ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Rate, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall follow such guidance 
to determine the SONIA Rate for so long as the SONIA Rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions in respect of an 
Interest Period, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, shall be (i) that 
determined as at the immediately preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest or Rate, as 
applicable, which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for 
the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (subject to the application of 
the relevant Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Period). 
(y) 
If "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms
If the relevant SONIA Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 
5.00 p.m. (London time) (or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the 
customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with 
the then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of the 
SONIA reference rate or of such other information service, as the case may 
be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Compounded Daily 
SONIA for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA Index is 
not available shall be "Compounded Daily SONIA" determined in 
accordance with Condition 3.4(c)(ii)(A) where (i) the "Observation 
Method" will be deemed to be "Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Lookback 
Period" will be deemed to be equal to p London Banking Days, as if those 
alternative elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 511 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 511 - 
(D) 
SOFR 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or 
Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(D)I. or 5(d)(iii)(D)II. below, subject to the provisions of Condition 
5(d)(iii)(D)IV. 
I.  
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "SOFR Arithmetic Mean", the Rate of Interest or 
Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
II. 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "SOFR Compound", the Rate of Interest or Rate, 
as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
III. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(D): 
"Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page" means the Bloomberg 
screen designated "SOFRRATE" or any successor page or 
service; 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for each calendar day 
during the Interest Period, compounded daily, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
if "SOFR Compound with Lookback" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
ቈෑ
൬1 + SOFR୧ି୮୙ୗ୆ୈ× n୧
360
൰−1
ୢబ
୧ୀଵ
቉× 360
d
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in such 
Interest Period;

--- Page 512 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 512 - 
"i" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a series of 
whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the such  Interest 
Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days;  
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; and 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to 
the Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi ("pUSBD"), provided that, 
unless SOFR Cut-Off Date is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, SOFRi in respect of each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the period 
from (and including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the next occurring Interest Period End Date, 
will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for 
such Interest Period; 
(b) 
if "SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
ቈෑ
൬1 + SOFR୧× n୧
360
൰−1
ୢబ
୧ୀଵ
቉× 360
d
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Observation Period, a series 
of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
chronological order from (and including) the first U.S.

--- Page 513 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 513 - 
Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day 
in 
such 
Observation Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling 
the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) 
the date that is the number Observation Shift Days prior 
to the next occurring Interest Period End Date in such 
Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 
5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi; 
(c) 
if "SOFR Index with Observation Shift" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
൬ܱܵܨܴܫ݊݀݁ݔி௜௡௔௟
ܱܵܨܴܫ݊݀݁ݔூ௡௜௧௜௔௟
−1൰ × 360
݀௖
Where: 
"dc" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of calendar days in  such Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, two U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; 
"SOFR Index" means with respect to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, (i) the SOFR 
Index value as published by the NY Federal Reserve as 
such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve's Website 
at the SOFR Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR 
Index specified in (i) above does not so appear, unless 
both a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the 
SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve's 
Website;

--- Page 514 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 514 - 
"SOFR IndexFinal" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the 
next occurring Interest Period End Date in such Interest 
Period; and 
"SOFR IndexInitial" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of the first 
Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date); 
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York; 
"NY Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the NY 
Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of 
any successor administrator of SOFR; 
"Reuters Page USDSOFR=" means the Reuters page designated 
"USDSOFR=" or any successor page or service; 
"SOFR" means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day that appears at 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the 
"SOFR Determination Time") on the NY Federal 
Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on 
the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that is reported on the 
Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is reported 
on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that appears at approximately 
3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the NY Federal 
Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the "SOFR Screen Page"); or 
(b) 
if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and 
the Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR Transition 
Event has not occurred, the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate published on the NY Federal Reserve's Website for 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
was published on the NY Federal Reserve's Website;

--- Page 515 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 515 - 
"SOFR Arithmetic Mean" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR for each calendar day 
during such Interest Period, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that, the SOFR in respect of each calendar day 
during the period from (and including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to 
(but excluding) the next occurring Interest Period End Date will 
be the SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, the 
SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day shall, subject to the 
preceding proviso, be deemed to be the SOFR in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding 
such calendar day;  
"SOFR Cut-Off Date" means, unless specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
fourth U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the next 
occurring Interest Period End Date in such Interest Period (or such 
other number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms); and  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA") 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs I. to III. above, if the Calculation 
Agent determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, 
that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the relevant SOFR Benchmark 
(as defined below), then the provisions set forth in Condition 
5(d)(iii)(D)IV. (SOFR Replacement Provisions) below will apply 
to all determinations of the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case 
may be, for each Interest Period thereafter. 
IV. 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day that a SOFR Transition Event and the related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent will 
appoint an agent (the "Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent") which will determine the SOFR Replacement. The 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading 
bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial 
centre of the Settlement Currency as appointed by the Calculation 
Agent, (y) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), (z) an 
affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the 
Calculation Agent or (zz) such other entity that the Calculation 
Agent determines to be competent to carry out such role.

--- Page 516 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 516 - 
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine 
appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent or Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as 
the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders.  
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent may subsequently determine that a SOFR 
Transition Event and a related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred in respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that the 
SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the SOFR 
Replacement and any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes 
in connection with such substitution have been applied. In such 
circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall be deemed to be the 
SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, the 
following definitions shall apply:  
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended, updated 
or supplemented  as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes 
of such Series; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of 
Securities, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Securities of such Series, as published by ISDA on its 
website (www.isda.org); 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with 
respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment;

--- Page 517 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 517 - 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal 
Reserve or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR Benchmark" means (a) (unless SOFR Compound – 
SOFR Index with Observation Shift is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as defined in 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(C)III. above);  
"SOFR Replacement" means any one (or more) of the SOFR 
Replacement Alternatives to be determined by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR Replacement Date if 
the Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR Transition Event 
and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior 
to the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination 
of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in accordance with: 
(a) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives Priority in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(b) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance 
with the priority set forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the each subsequent SOFR 
Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Rate or Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest Period 
and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the occurrence of 
a subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR 
Replacement Date; 
"SOFR Replacement Alternatives" means:  
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as 
the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment (the "Relevant Governmental 
Body Replacement");

--- Page 518 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 518 - 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
"ISDA 
Fallback 
Replacement"); or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for 
the relevant Interest Period giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
"Industry 
Replacement"); 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative 
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the applicable 
SOFR Replacement Date:  
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement;  
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Spread 
Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) determined by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such 
time; 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect to any SOFR Replacement, any technical, administrative 
or operational changes (including, but not limited to, changes to 
timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each 
interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention 
and other administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of 
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no 
market practice for use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or

--- Page 519 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 519 - 
the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner); 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):  
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition 
of "SOFR Transition Event" the later of (i) the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or  
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"SOFR Transition Event" the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein; or 
(c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the 
SOFR Benchmark has not been published,  
provided that, in the event of any public statements or 
publications of information as referenced in sub-paragraphs (a) or 
(b) above, should such event or circumstance referred to in such 
a public statement or publication occur on a date falling later than 
three (3) months after the relevant public statement or publication, 
the SOFR Transition Event shall be deemed to occur on the date 
falling three (3) months prior to such specified date (and not the 
date of the relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination, the 
SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the SOFR Determination Time for such determination. 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of any one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used 
in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant);

--- Page 520 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 520 - 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central 
bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
SOFR (or such component, if relevant) or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), which states that the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing 
that the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has been or 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use has been 
or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(d) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its 
administrator (or a successor administrator) for six (6) 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR 
Replacement prior to the application of any SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment. 
(E) 
€STR
I.
Where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest 
or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the 
case may be, for each Interest Period, will be Compounded Daily 
€STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
calculated in accordance with this Condition 5(d)(iii)(E)I., subject 
to the provisions of Condition 5(d)(iii)(E)II. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(E), the following 
definitions shall apply:

--- Page 521 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 521 - 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
in euro (with the daily euro short term rate as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with 
the following formula: 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܴ݈݁݁ݒܽ݊ݐ €ܴܵܶ௜× ݊௜
360
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× 360
݀
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to 
the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards; 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period; 
"d0" means the number of TARGET2 Business Days in (x) if 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day, the 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short term rate (€STR) for 
such TARGET2 Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central 
Bank at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, or 
any successor website or the website of any successor 
administrator for the publication of such rate (the "ECB 
Website") on such TARGET2 Business Day or if the ECB 
Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of 
the relevant administrator; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day 
i, €STR for the TARGET2 Business Day falling p TARGET2 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET2 Business Day i; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant TARGET2 Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET2 
Business Day in (x) if "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period 
or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Lookback 
Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the number of TARGET2 Business Days specified in the

--- Page 522 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 522 - 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
TARGET2 Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET2 
Business Day i to (but excluding) the following TARGET2 
Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling p 
TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date which is p 
TARGET2 Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date 
falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
"Relevant €STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business 
Day i: 
(x)
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or 
(y)
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in 
respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i falling in the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period, €STR for such 
day; and 
"TARGET2 Business Day" means a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
II.
€STR Fallback provisions 
(1)
A €STR Transition Event has occurred 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the €STR 
Reference Time on any TARGET2 Business Day that a €STR 
Transition Event and the related €STR Replacement Date have 
occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the 
"Replacement Rate Determination Agent") which will 
determine the €STR Replacement. The Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the 
Settlement Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), (z) an affiliate of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent or 
(aa) such other entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
competent to carry out such role.  In connection with the 
determination of the €STR Replacement: 
(a)
the €STR Replacement will replace the then-current 
€STR Benchmark for all purposes relating to the relevant 
Notes in respect of such determination on such date and 
all determinations on all subsequent dates;

--- Page 523 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 523 - 
(b)
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make 
€STR Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to 
the relevant Notes from time to time; 
(c)
any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant 
to 
this 
Condition 
5(d)(iii)(E)II. 
including 
any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment 
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection, in each case, 
solely with respect to the relevant Notes, will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be 
made by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner; 
(d)
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Condition and any other Terms and Conditions, this 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(E)II. shall prevail with respect to any 
Notes for which the Rate of Interest or Rate is calculated 
in accordance with this Condition 5(d)(iii)(E)II.; 
(e)
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate 
for a €STR Replacement to replace the then-current €STR 
Benchmark 
and 
apply 
any 
€STR 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes in respect of any subsequent €STR 
Transition Event; and 
(f)
where a €STR Transition Event or details of it are 
announced prior to the relevant €STR Replacement Date 
then the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may on 
or after such earlier announcement date give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of 
the relevant changes which will be made to the Notes, 
provided that, such changes will only take effect as of the 
€STR Replacement Date. 
(2)
A €STR Transition Event has not occurred and the €STR 
Benchmark is unavailable
If, by the relevant €STR Reference Time on a relevant 
determination date, the €STR Benchmark is unavailable in respect 
of such determination date and a €STR Transition Event has not 
occurred, then the rate for such determination date will be the 
€STR Benchmark, where applicable, of the Corresponding Tenor, 
as provided by the administrator of the €STR Benchmark and 
published by an alternative authorised distributor or by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the €STR Benchmark itself. If no 
such rate has been published by the Rate Cut-Off Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or if no time is so specified, 4 p.m. 
(London time)), then the rate for such determination date will be 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be a commercially

--- Page 524 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 524 - 
reasonable alternative for the €STR Benchmark by applying one 
of the following rates: 
(a)
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator 
of the €STR Benchmark; or 
(b)
a rate formally recommended for use by the Relevant 
Governmental Body or any other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising the €STR Benchmark or the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark, 
in each case, during the period of non-publication of the €STR 
Benchmark and for so long as a €STR Transition Event has not 
occurred. If a rate described in sub-paragraph (a) is available, the 
Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If no such rate is available, 
but a rate described in sub-paragraph (b) is available, the 
Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If neither a rate described 
in sub-paragraph (a) nor a rate described in sub-paragraph (b) is 
available, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the €STR Benchmark 
taking into account, where available, any rate implemented by 
central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case with 
trading volumes in derivatives or futures referencing the €STR 
Benchmark that the Calculation Agent considers sufficient for 
that rate to be a representative alternative rate. 
(3)
€STR Fallback Definitions
Notwithstanding any other definitions to the contrary in these 
Terms and Conditions, the following definitions shall apply with 
respect to this Condition 5(d)(iii)(E): 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended, updated 
or supplemented  as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Notes 
of such Series; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of 
Securities, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Securities of such Series, as published by ISDA on its 
website (www.isda.org); 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a €STR Replacement 
means a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the 
same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current €STR Benchmark. 
"€STR Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily €STR 
(as defined in Condition 5(d)(iii)(E) above) of the appropriate 
tenor (if applicable), provided that, if a €STR Transition Event 
and its related €STR Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded Daily €STR, or the then-current €STR

--- Page 525 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 525 - 
Benchmark, then "€STR Benchmark" means the applicable €STR 
Replacement. 
"€STR Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the 
€STR Benchmark means 11:00 am (Brussels time) on the 
TARGET2 Business Day immediately following the date of such 
determination. 
"€STR Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as of the €STR Replacement Date: 
(a)
the ISDA Fallback Rate;  
(b)
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark, where 
applicable, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; or 
(c)
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination 
Agent 
as 
the 
replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark, where 
applicable for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark 
for floating rate securities denominated in the currency of 
the €STR Benchmark (the "Relevant Benchmark 
Currency") calculated at such time. 
"€STR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect to any €STR Replacement, any technical, administrative 
or operational changes (including, but not limited to, timing and 
frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest period 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
day count fractions, business day convention, amendments to any 
other Condition and other administrative matters) that the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such €STR Replacement in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of the €STR 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case 
may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner). 
"€STR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current €STR 
Benchmark: 
(a)
in the case of paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
"€STR Transition Event", the later of (i) the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced

--- Page 526 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 526 - 
therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the 
€STR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide such €STR Benchmark; or 
(b)
in the case of paragraph (c) of the definition of "€STR 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein, 
for the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the €STR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
€STR Reference Time in respect of any determination, the €STR 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
€STR Reference Time for such determination.   
"€STR Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current €STR 
Benchmark: 
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the €STR Benchmark 
announcing that the administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the €STR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the €STR Benchmark;  
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the €STR 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the €STR Benchmark, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
€STR Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the €STR Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the €STR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the €STR Benchmark; or 
(c)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark announcing that the €STR Benchmark is no 
longer representative, the €STR Benchmark has been or 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use has been 
or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would

--- Page 527 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 527 - 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the €STR Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor.  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of a €STR Transition Event with 
respect to the €STR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding 
the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Rate Cut-off Time" has the meaning given to it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the European Central 
Bank (including any board thereof) or any committee officially 
endorsed and/or convened thereby.   
(F)  
SARON 
I. 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SARON" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest or Rate 
is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for 
each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily SARON plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, calculated in accordance with this 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(G)I., subject to the provisions of Condition 
5(d)(iii)(G)II.  
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(G): 
"Compounded Daily SARON" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
in Swiss francs (with the daily overnight interest rate of the 
secured funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with the 
following formula:  
቎ෑ൬1 + SARON୧ x n୧
360
൰
ୢబ
୧ୀଵ
−1቏x 360
d
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to 
the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
"d" means, in respect of a SARON Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days in such SARON Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of a SARON Observation Period, the 
number of Zurich Banking Days in such SARON Observation 
Period;

--- Page 528 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 528 - 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Zurich Banking Days in the relevant 
SARON Observation Period in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Zurich Banking Day in such SARON 
Observation Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five Zurich 
Banking Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day i to 
(but excluding) the first following Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day:  
(a)
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking 
Day published by the SARON Administrator on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page which displays the 
information) at the SARON Reference Time; 
(b)
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the SARON Reference Time on such Zurich 
Banking Day, other than as a consequence of a SARON 
Index Cessation Event for which a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the 
SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published on the 
Relevant Screen Page for the first preceding Zurich 
Banking Day for which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight was published on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(c)
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the SARON Reference Time on such Zurich 
Banking Day as a consequence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event for which a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the 
SARON Replacement determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(F)II. below; 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or 
any successor administrator); 
"SARON Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling p Zurich 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and ending on (but excluding) the date which is p Zurich Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of 
such Interest Period;  
"SARON Reference Time" means, in respect of any Zurich 
Banking Day, the close of trading on the trading platform of SIX

--- Page 529 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 529 - 
Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich Banking Day, 
which is expected to be at or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time);  
"SARONi" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, 
SARON as provided by the SARON Administrator to, and 
published by, authorised distributors of SARON in respect of that 
day at the SARON Reference Time (or any amended publication 
time as specified by the SARON Administrator in the SARON 
benchmark methodology) on such Zurich Banking Day; and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means any day (other than a Saturday and 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Zurich. 
II. 
SARON Replacement Provisions 
(1) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the 
SARON Reference Time on any Zurich Banking Day that a 
SARON Index Cessation Event and the related SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the SARON Replacement.   
If there is no Recommended SARON Replacement Rate and the 
SNB Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking Day with respect to 
which SARON is to be determined has not been published on such 
Zurich Banking Day (the "Affected Zurich Banking Day"), then 
the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the "Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent") on or prior to the first Zurich 
Banking Day in respect of which a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred and for which the SNB Policy Rate has not been 
published. The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be 
(x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the 
principal financial centre of the Settlement Currency as appointed 
by the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable), (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or the Calculation Agent or (aa) such other entity that 
the Calculation Agent determines to be competent to carry out 
such role.   
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine 
whether to use an alternative rate to SARON for the Affected 
Zurich Banking Day and for all subsequent Zurich Banking Days 
in the SARON Observation Period in which the Affected Zurich 
Banking Day falls (the "Affected SARON Observation Period") 
and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter.  
For the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest or Rate, as 
the case may be:  
(a)
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent shall 
determine: (A) the method for determining the SARON 
Replacement (including any alternative method for 
determining the SARON Replacement if such alternative

--- Page 530 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 530 - 
rate is unavailable on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-
accepted practices for the SARON Replacement and (B) 
any adjustment factor as may be necessary to make the 
SARON Replacement comparable to the then-current 
SARON Benchmark consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for the SARON Replacement;  
(b)
for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent 
Zurich Banking Days in the Affected SARON 
Observation Period and all SARON Observation Periods 
thereafter, references to SARON in the Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the 
SARON Replacement, including any alternative method 
for determining such rate and any adjustment factor as 
described in sub-clause (a) above;  
(c)
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make 
SARON Replacement Conforming Changes with respect 
to the Notes from time to time;  
(d)
any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant 
to this Condition 5(d)(iii)(G)II.. including any SARON 
Replacement Conforming Changes or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
any selection, in each case, solely with respect to the 
relevant Notes, will be conclusive and binding absent 
manifest error and will be made by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner;  
(e)
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Condition and any other Terms and Conditions, this 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(G)II.. shall prevail with respect to any 
Notes for which the Rate of Interest or Rate is calculated 
in accordance with this Condition 5(d)(iii)(G); 
(f)
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is 
appropriate for a SARON Replacement to replace the 
then-current SARON Benchmark and apply any SARON 
Replacement Conforming Changes in respect of any 
subsequent SARON Index Cessation Event; and 
(g)
where a SARON Index Cessation Event or details of it 
are announced prior to the relevant SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date then the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may on or after such earlier 
announcement date give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the relevant 
changes which will be made to the Notes, provided that, 
such changes will only take effect as of the SARON 
Index Cessation Effective Date.

--- Page 531 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 531 - 
As used in this Condition 5(d)(iii)(G), the following definitions 
shall apply: 
"Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread" means, with 
respect to any Recommended SARON Replacement Rate:  
(a) 
the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
that the Recommending Body has recommended be 
applied to such Recommended SARON Replacement 
Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect 
to which such Recommended SARON Replacement Rate 
has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for the purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; or 
(b) 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such 
a spread, formula or methodology as described in clause 
(a) above to be applied to such Recommended SARON 
Replacement Rate, for the purposes of determining 
SARON, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
spread, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight with such Recommended 
SARON Replacement Rate. The Calculation Agent will 
take into account industry-accepted practices for fixed 
income securities with respect to which such 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate has replaced 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate 
for the purposes of determining the applicable rate of 
interest thereon; 
"Recommended SARON Replacement Rate" means the rate that has 
been recommended as the replacement for the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight by any working group or committee in Switzerland organised 
in the same or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss 
Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for the purposes of, 
among other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest 
rates in Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the 
"Recommending Body"); 
"SARON Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily SARON (as 
defined in Condition 5(d)(iii)(G)I. above), provided that, if a SARON 
Index Cessation Event and its related SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred with respect to Compounded Daily SARON, or the 
then-current SARON Benchmark, then "SARON Benchmark" means the 
applicable SARON Replacement. 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of:

--- Page 532 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 532 - 
(a) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in clause (a) of the definition thereof, the date on which 
the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight; 
(b) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-clause (b)(x) of the definition thereof, the latest 
of: 
(x)
the date of such statement or publication; 
(y)
the date, if any, specified in such statement or 
publication as the date on which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight will no longer be 
representative; and 
(z)
if a SARON Index Cessation Event described 
in sub-clause (b)(y) of the definition thereof has 
occurred on or prior to either or both dates 
specified in sub-clauses (x) and (y) of this 
clause (b), the date as of which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be 
used; and 
(c) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-clause (b)(y) of the definition thereof, the date as 
of which the Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be 
used; 
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the SARON Administrator, or by any competent authority, 
announcing or confirming that the SARON Administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the SARON 
Administrator or any competent authority announcing that (x) the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight is no longer representative or will 
as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer be used after a certain 
date, which statement, in the case of sub-clause (y), is applicable 
to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and 
derivatives;  
"SARON Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent as of the SARON Index Cessation Effective Date:

--- Page 533 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 533 - 
(a) 
the Recommended SARON Replacement Rate for such Zurich 
Banking Day, giving effect to the Recommended SARON 
Adjustment Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking 
Day;  
(b) 
the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the "SNB Policy 
Rate") for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to the SNB 
Adjustment Spread, if any; or 
(c) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the replacement for 
the then-current SARON Benchmark, being such industry-
accepted successor rate or, if no such rate exists, it shall select 
such rate that it has determined is most comparable to the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight; 
"SARON Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to 
any SARON Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational 
changes (including, but not limited to, timing and frequency of 
determining rates with respect to each interest period and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, day count fractions, 
business day convention, amendments to any other Condition and other 
administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such SARON 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption of 
any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no market 
practice for use of the SARON Replacement exists, in such other manner 
as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as the case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy Rate, 
the spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the 
SNB Policy Rate for the purposes of determining SARON, which spread 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the historical 
median between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the SNB Policy 
Rate during the two year period ending on the date on which the SARON 
Index Cessation Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index 
Cessation Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such events 
occurred). 
(H) 
TONA
I. 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – TONA" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest 
or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the

--- Page 534 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 534 - 
case may be, for each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily 
TONA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
calculated in accordance with this Condition 5(d)(iii)(H)I., 
subject to the provisions of Condition 5(d)(iii)(H)II. and 
5(d)(iii)(H)III..  
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 5(d)(iii)(H): 
"Compounded Daily TONA" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for an investment in 
Japanese yen on each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period, compounded daily (with the daily Tokyo Overnight 
Average rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest), 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(1) 
if "TONA Compound with Lookback" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
ቈෑ
൬1 + ܱܶܰܣ௜ି௣்஻஽ × ݊௜
365
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቉× 365
݀
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards; 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of Tokyo Banking Days in such Interest Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a series of 
whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Days in chronological order 
from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in 
such Interest Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if no such number is specified, 5 Tokyo Banking Days;  
"ni" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Tokyo Banking Dayi up to (but excluding) the following 
Tokyo Banking Day; 
"TONAi" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, 
TONA in respect of such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
"TONAi-pTBD" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking 
Dayi, TONAi in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day

--- Page 535 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 535 - 
falling p Tokyo Banking Days prior to such Tokyo 
Banking Day; 
(2) 
if "TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
ቈෑ
൬1 + ܱܶܰܣ௜× n௜
365
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቉× 365
d
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards; 
"d" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of Tokyo Banking Days in such Observation 
Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Observation Period, a series 
of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
Tokyo Banking Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in such 
Observation Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Tokyo Banking Dayi up to (but excluding) the following 
Tokyo Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling 
the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) 
the date that is the number Observation Shift Days prior 
to the next occurring Interest Period End Date in such 
Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of 
Relevant Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such number is specified, 5 Relevant 
Business Days;  
"Relevant Business Day" means a day which is (i) a 
Tokyo Banking Day, (ii) if one or more Observation Shift 
Business Centre(s) (other than TARGET2 System) are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, a day (other than 
a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant 
Observation Shift Business Centre(s) and (iii) if

--- Page 536 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 536 - 
"TARGET2 System" is specified as an Observation Shift 
Business Centre, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System is open; and 
"TONAi" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, 
TONA in respect of such Tokyo Banking Dayi; 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; and 
"TONA" means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of a Tokyo Banking Day, being the Tokyo Overnight 
Average (TONA) rate administered by the Bank of Japan (or any 
successor administrator) for such Tokyo Banking Day as provided 
by the administrator of TONA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) in each case as of approximately 10.00 
a.m. (Tokyo time) (or any amended publication time as specified 
by the administrator of such rate) on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. If no such rate 
is published by the administrator of TONA or an authorised 
distributor and is not otherwise provided by the administrator of 
TONA other than as a consequence of a TONA Index Cessation 
Event, then TONA for such Tokyo Banking Day will be TONA 
last provided or published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as 
otherwise published by relevant authorised distributors) that 
appears at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Bank of 
Japan's Website on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
following such Tokyo Banking Day. 
II. 
Correction of TONA 
If TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day is subsequently 
corrected and provided by the administrator of TONA to 
authorised distributors of TONA and published on the Relevant 
Screen Page no later than the Correction Cut-off Time (if any) or, 
if later (or there is no such Correction Cut-off Time), one hour 
after the rate for such Tokyo Banking Day is published on the 
Relevant Screen Page, then TONA in respect of such Tokyo 
Banking Day shall be the subsequently corrected and published 
rate appearing on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Where: 
"Correction Cut-off Time" means the time specified as such by 
the administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark 
methodology. 
III. 
TONA Fallbacks

--- Page 537 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 537 - 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the 
TONA Reference Time on any Tokyo Banking Day that a TONA 
Index Cessation Event has occurred, then the rate in respect of 
each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the TONA Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be the JPY Recommended Rate.  
If there is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first 
Tokyo Banking Day following the TONA Index Cessation 
Effective Date, but neither the administrator nor authorised 
distributors provide or publish the JPY Recommended Rate, then, 
subject to the below, in respect of any day for which the JPY 
Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last 
provided or published JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there 
is no last provided or published JPY Recommended Rate, then in 
respect of any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate is 
required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be 
deemed to be references to the last provided or published TONA.  
If: 
(1)  
there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the 
first Tokyo Banking Day following the TONA Index 
Cessation Effective Date; or  
(2) 
there is a JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently 
occurs 
in 
respect 
of 
such 
JPY 
Recommended Rate,  
then the rate in respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or 
after the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date or a JPY 
Recommended Rate Fixing Day occurring on or after the JPY 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date, as the case 
may be, will be a commercially reasonable alternative for TONA 
or the JPY Recommended Rate, as the case may be, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account any rate 
implemented by central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, 
in each case with trading volumes in derivatives or futures 
referencing TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate (as applicable) 
that the Calculation Agent considers sufficient for that rate to be 
a representative alternative rate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(d)(iii)(H)III. 
"JPY Recommended Rate" means, in respect of any Tokyo 
Banking Day, the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for TONA by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan for the 
purpose of recommending a replacement for TONA (which rate 
may be produced by the Bank of Japan or another administrator)

--- Page 538 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 538 - 
and as provided by the administrator of that rate or, if that rate is 
not provided by the administrator thereof (or a successor 
administrator), published by an authorised distributor in respect 
of such day; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day" means, in respect of the 
JPY Recommended Rate and any day, the publication day 
specified by the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate for 
the JPY Recommended Rate in its benchmark methodology; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" 
means, in respect of the JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on 
which the JPY Recommended Rate would ordinarily have been 
published or provided and is no longer published or provided;  
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means, in 
respect of the JPY Recommended Rate:  
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the JPY Recommended 
Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the JPY Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the JPY Recommended Rate; or  
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency 
of the JPY Recommended Rate, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency 
or 
resolution 
authority 
over 
the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, which 
states that the administrator of the JPY Recommended 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the JPY 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the JPY Recommended Rate;
"TONA Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of 
TONA and a TONA Index Cessation Event, the first date on 
which TONA would ordinarily have been published or provided 
and is no longer published or provided;  
"TONA Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of TONA:

--- Page 539 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 539 - 
(a)
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of TONA announcing that it 
has ceased or will cease to provide TONA permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide TONA; or  
(b)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of TONA, the 
central bank for the currency of TONA, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
TONA, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of TONA or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of TONA, which states that the 
administrator of TONA has ceased or will cease to 
provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
TONA; and 
"TONA Reference Time" means, with respect to any 
determination of TONA, 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Tokyo 
Banking Day immediately following the date of such 
determination. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Discontinuation 
Where Condition 5(d)(iii)(A) applies, if the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, determines at any time prior to any Interest Determination Date, that 
the Screen Page Reference Rate has been discontinued or a Reference Rate Fallback Event 
has occurred, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will 
use, as a substitute for the Screen Page Reference Rate, an alternative reference rate 
determined by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to be 
the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the 
jurisdiction or region of the Specified Currency (each a "Relevant Nominating Body") that 
is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative 
reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those alternative 
reference rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes. 
If the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, notifies the Issuer 
that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the Calculation Agent will 
as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the Business Day prior to the 
applicable Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the "Reference Rate 
Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute or successor rate, which 
is substantially comparable to the Screen Page Reference Rate, is available for the purpose 
of determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after 
the date of such determination.  If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that 
there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will

--- Page 540 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 540 - 
notify the Issuer of such successor rate to be used by the Issuing and Paying Agent to 
determine the Rate of Interest. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has 
determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such 
rate, the "Replacement Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining the Reference 
Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will also determine the changes (if any) required to the applicable Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the 
Day Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement Reference 
Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate 
comparable to the Screen Page Reference Rate, including, where applicable, and if 
Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect 
any increased costs of the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, as the case may be, 
providing such exposure to the Replacement Reference Rate, in each case acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with 
industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; 
(B) 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative 
method for determining such rate as described in (A) above; 
(C) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will notify the Issuer of the Replacement Reference Rate, and the details described 
in (A) above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(D) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices), the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Calculation Agent of 
the Replacement Reference Rate, and the details described in (A) above as soon as 
reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on 
the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to 
above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Noteholders, unless the 
Calculation Agent or the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that 
the Replacement Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Reference Rate 
or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the Calculation 
Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent, as the case may 
be (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate Determination 
Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement Reference 
Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference Rate in an identical manner as 
described in this Condition 5(d)(iv). If the replacement Reference Rate Determination Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate will remain 
unchanged. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Settlement Currency as appointed 
by the Calculation Agent, (y) the Swap Counterparty or (z) an affiliate of the Swap 
Counterparty or the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 541 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 541 - 
If 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback 
Event 
may 
also 
constitute 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 7(o)(A), the provisions of this Condition 5(d)(iv) will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to 
in) this Condition 5(d)(iv)), the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Reference Rate 
Determination Agent (as applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and 
take all actions in respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection with a Reference 
Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that 
such Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may 
have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
(e) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate
In the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of Conditions 5(b)(ii), 5(b)(iv), 5(c)(ii), 5(d) (as appropriate) is less than the Minimum 
Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Conditions 5(b)(ii), 5(b)(iv), 5(c)(ii), 5(d) (as appropriate) is greater than such 
Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest 
Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Rate Multiplier for any Interest Period, then, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of any such Interest Period shall be multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, 
subject always to the Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest as described above.  
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount
The Issuing and Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) (such notifications to occur no later than the Business Day following such 
determination), (in the case of Notes which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and where 
the rules of such stock exchange so require) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and, if applicable, to 
any other stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed. In addition, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent (except where the relevant Notes are unlisted and are in global form and 
held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg in which event there may 
be substituted for such publication the delivery of such notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication to the Noteholders) shall publish or cause to be published such Rate 
of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date in accordance with Condition 18 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fifth Luxembourg Business Day 
thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18. For the purposes of these Conditions, the expression 
"Luxembourg Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for business in Luxembourg.  
(g) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations and decisions made for the purposes 
of the provisions of this Condition 5 by the Issuing and Paying Agent or, if applicable, the

--- Page 542 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 542 - 
Calculation Agent or the Trustee, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the  Issuing and Paying Agent, the other 
Paying Agents, or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent and all Noteholders, and (in the absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders shall attach to the Issuing and Paying Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent or the Trustee, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by 
it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(h) 
Zero Coupon Notes
Where a Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid 
when due, the amount due and repayable shall be the amount determined in accordance with 
Condition 7(e)(iv) (Early Redemption Amounts) at its Amortised Face Amount. As from the Maturity 
Date, any overdue principal of such Note shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Accrual 
Yield (or such other rate) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before any judgment) until the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the holder of such Note. Such interest will be 
calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and, in the case of 
an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed in such incomplete month or on such other 
basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Coupon Switch
If Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i)  
if Coupon Switch Election is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
shall (where a corresponding election is made by the Swap Counterparty in respect of the 
Swap Agreement relating to the Notes) elect that the Rate of Interest for the Notes will be 
amended (a "Coupon Switch") from the pre-switch coupon specified in the Final Terms 
(the "Pre-Switch Coupon") to the post-switch coupon specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Post-Switch Coupon") on and after the Coupon Switch Date; and 
(ii) 
if Automatic Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs, the Rate of Interest for the Notes will be amended 
(a "Coupon Switch") from Pre-Switch Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
the Post-Switch Coupon specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Coupon 
Switch Date immediately following the SPS ACS Valuation Date or SPS ACS Valuation 
Period, as applicable, on which the Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs.   
If Additional Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, following the 
occurrence of a Coupon Switch, an Additional Switch Coupon Amount will be payable on the 
Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date. The "Additional Switch Coupon Amount" in respect of 
each nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount will be the amount specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of Conditions 1, 6 and 10, Additional Switch Coupon 
Amount shall be deemed to be interest. For the avoidance of doubt, the Additional Switch Coupon 
Amount will only be paid on the single Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date. 
Notice of any Coupon Switch will be given to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18. 
"Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, which such date must be an Interest Payment Date; 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Event" means that: 
(A)
the SPS ACS Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less than" 
or (d) "less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic

--- Page 543 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 543 - 
Coupon Switch Level, (x) on a SPS ACS Valuation Date or (y) in respect of a SPS 
ACS Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(B)
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and Target Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or the Snowball Digital 
Coupon Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal to or greater than 
the Automatic Coupon Switch Level as of a SPS ACS Valuation Date; or 
(C)
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and Target Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Cumulative ACS Coupon is equal to or greater than the Automatic Coupon 
Switch Level as of a SPS ACS Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Switch Date" means each date specified as such or determined pursuant to the provisions 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cumulative ACS Coupon" means, in respect of a SPS ACS Valuation Date, (a) the sum of the 
values calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current ACS Interest Period as the product 
of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, 
in each case for such Interest Period, plus (b) the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case for the Current ACS Interest 
Period; 
"Current ACS Interest Period" means, in respect of a SPS ACS Valuation Date, the Interest Period 
during which such SPS ACS Valuation Date falls; 
"SPS ACS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Underlying Interest 
Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"SPS ACS Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
"SPS ACS Value" means, in respect of a SPS ACS Valuation Date or a SPS ACS Valuation Period, 
the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
 (j) 
Condition to Interest Payment
Where "Condition to Interest Payment" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
obligation of the Issuer to pay an Interest Amount will be subject to the receipt of an aggregate 
amount equal to the aggregate Interest Amounts payable in respect of each Note then outstanding on 
or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement. In the event that the Swap Counterparty fails to pay an amount under the Swap 
Agreement or the Swap Agreement terminates for any reason other than as scheduled on its 
scheduled termination date or where the termination of the Swap Agreement has resulted from an 
Event of Default thereunder where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party, the Issuer will have no further 
obligation to pay interest in respect of the Notes and no Event of Default will occur in respect of 
such non-payment save where the termination of the Swap Agreement has resulted from an Event of 
Default thereunder where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party.  
 (k) 
Interest Payments

--- Page 544 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 544 - 
Interest will be paid subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6 (Payments). 
Interest will cease to accrue on each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, 
that part only of such Note) on the due date for redemption thereof unless such Note is redeemed 
early. If such Note is redeemed early (i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to 
Redemption is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the due date for redemption, (ii) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is not applicable, no interest shall accrue 
or be payable in respect of which the relevant Interest Payment Date has not occurred on or prior to 
the due date for redemption of such Note or (iii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual 
to Redemption is not applicable and Accrual to Preceding IPED is applicable, no interest shall accrue 
or be payable in respect of any period since the Interest Period End Date immediately preceding the 
occurrence of the relevant Early Redemption Event. If upon due presentation thereof, payment of 
principal or the payment, and/or delivery of the Entitlement (if applicable and unless such 
Entitlement is to be delivered following a Physical Delivery Early Redemption Event in accordance 
with Condition 7(w)(ii)), is improperly withheld or refused, interest will continue to accrue (as well 
after as before any judgment) at the Fixed Rate or, as the case may be, the Rate of Interest or as 
otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due and/or assets deliverable in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the holder of such Note and (ii) the day on which the Issuing and Paying Agent or any 
agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Noteholders has notified the holder thereof 
(either in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) or individually) of receipt of all sums due in 
respect thereof up to that date, provided that in the case of Credit Linked Notes, these provisions 
shall be subject to the provisions contained in Annex 10 "Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Securities" and provided further that, if Automatic Early Redemption is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Interest Amount will be payable unless the Interest 
Payment Date falls on or prior to the Automatic Early Redemption Date.  Where Suspension of 
Payments is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, of a Suspension Event, interest on the Nominal Amount outstanding of the 
Notes will be paid in accordance with this Condition 5 on the relevant Deferred Interest Payment 
Date provided that no interest shall be payable on the Notes or any accrued interest thereon for the 
period from (and including) the relevant Interest Payment Date to such Deferred Interest Payment 
Date and, where an Early Redemption Event occurs prior to the end of the relevant Suspension 
Period, the reference in this Condition 5(k) to "Early Redemption Event" shall be read as a reference 
to such Suspension Event.   For the purposes of this Condition 5(k), "Deferred Interest Payment 
Date" means (A) the second Business Day following the final Business Day of the Suspension Period 
where no Early Redemption Event has occurred during the Suspension Period or, (B) where the 
Calculation Agent determines that the circumstances giving rise to such potential Early Redemption 
Event have been remedied (if possible) or no longer exist prior to the end of the applicable grace 
period such that no related Early Redemption Event has occurred, the second Business Day following 
the date on which the Calculation Agent makes such determination. 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA", "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR", "Screen Rate 
Determination – €STR", "Screen Rate Determination – SARON" or "Screen Rate Determination – 
TONA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of Condition 5(d), if accrued 
interest is required to be calculated in respect of a period, which, but for this provision, would not 
be an Interest Period, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, for the purposes of 
calculating such interest, the final Interest Period End Date shall be the date such period ends on (but 
excludes) and the final Interest Determination Date shall be the earliest date on which the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines that the Rate of 
Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for the final Interest Period can be determined. 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Securities, these provisions shall be subject to the 
provisions contained in Annex 10 – "Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities".

--- Page 545 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 545 - 
(l) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee
If for any reason at any relevant time the Issuing and Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the Rate of Interest or the Issuing and 
Paying Agent defaults in its obligation to calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with 
Conditions 5(b)(ii) and Condition 5(d), and in each case in accordance with Condition 5(b)(iii), the 
Trustee shall, (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so), determine the Rate of Interest at such 
rate as, in its sole and absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 5, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum 
Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances or, as the case may be, the Trustee shall (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do 
so) calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the 
Issuing and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
"Determination Period" means each period from and including a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date).   
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Period 
End Date.  
"Interest Rate(i-1)" means in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, Interest Rate(i-1) is expressed as a rate per annum, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms.   
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such on the applicable Final Terms.   
(m) 
Rounding generally 
In connection with the calculation of any amount payable in respect of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, interest) and unless otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the applicable 
Final Terms, such amounts will, if necessary, be rounded to the nearest sub-unit (as defined above) 
of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
(n) 
Dual Currency Interest Notes
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Dual Currency Interest Notes, if the 
amount of interest calculated in respect of any Interest Payment Date is not an amount in the 
Settlement Currency, it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Specified Exchange 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Specified Exchange Rate is specified, the 
Settlement Currency Exchange Rate on the relevant Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Observation Date. 
"Price Materiality Event" means that, in respect of the determination of any Settlement Currency 
Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent determines that the rate derived at the relevant time from the 
source specified in the Final Terms differs from the rate that would be derived at the relevant time 
from a source that the Calculation Agent deems, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having taken into account any relevant market practice, to be equivalent, by more than 3 per 
cent.

--- Page 546 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 546 - 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such currency is specified, the Specified Currency. 
"Settlement Currency Exchange Rate" means in respect of a Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Observation Date, the rate of exchange (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the 
relevant rate of exchange is derived) between the currencies and from the source(s) and at the time 
in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms on such day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that if any source specified in the applicable Final Terms is not available or the 
Calculation Agent determines that there has been a Price Materiality Event, any such rate of 
exchange may be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it, any such 
rate of exchange may be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having taken into account any relevant 
market practice, considers to be appropriate.  
"Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date" means the date falling the number of 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the relevant scheduled payment date 
in respect of the Notes. 
"Specified Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6. 
Payments 
For the purposes of this Condition 6, references to payment or repayment (as the case may be) of 
principal and/or interest and other similar expressions will, where the context so admits, be deemed 
also to refer to physical delivery of any Entitlement.   
(a) 
Method of Payment  
(i) 
Bearer Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Definitive Bearer Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made against presentation or surrender of such Bearer Notes 
or Coupons, as the case may be, at any specified office of any Paying Agent. Payments of 
principal in respect of instalments (if any), other than the last instalment, will (subject as 
provided below) be made against surrender of the relevant Receipt. Payment of the last 
instalment will be made against surrender of the relevant Bearer Note. Each Receipt must 
be presented for payment of such instalment together with the relevant Definitive Bearer 
Note against which the amount will be payable in respect of that instalment. If any Definitive 
Bearer Notes are redeemed or become repayable prior to the Maturity Date in respect 
thereof, principal will be payable on surrender of each such Note together with all unmatured 
Receipts appertaining thereto. Unmatured Receipts and Receipts presented without the 
Definitive Bearer Notes to which they appertain do not constitute obligations of the Issuer. 
All payments of interest and principal with respect to Bearer Notes will be made only against 
presentation and surrender of the relevant Bearer Notes, Coupons or Receipts outside the 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America 
(including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other 
areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Subject as provided below, payments in respect of definitive Notes denominated in a 
Settlement Currency (other than euro) will (subject as provided below) be made by a cheque 
in the Settlement Currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder and upon 15 days' prior 
notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent, by transfer to an account in the Settlement Currency 
maintained by the payee with, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
Settlement Currency. Payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account 
or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred specified by the payee or,

--- Page 547 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 547 - 
at the option of the payee, by euro-cheque.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall 
be entitled to vary settlement where, for reasons beyond its control (including, without 
limitation, unlawfulness, illegality, impossibility, force majeure, non-transferability or the 
like, each a "Payment Disruption Event"), the Issuer is not able to make, or any Noteholder 
is not able to receive, as the case may be, payment on the due date and in the Settlement 
Currency of any amount of principal or interest due under the Notes. 
Fixed Rate Bearer Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall include Coupons to be 
issued on exchange of Talons which will have matured on or before the relevant redemption 
date), failing which the full amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of 
payment not being made in full, that proportion of the full amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon which the sum so paid bears to the total amount due) will be deducted 
from the sum due for payment. Any amount so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relevant missing Coupon within a period of 10 
years from the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)) for the payment of such 
sum due for payment, whether or not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 
10 (Prescription) or, if later, five years from the due date for payment of such Coupon. Upon 
any Fixed Rate Bearer Note becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all 
unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons 
will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Floating Rate Note, Dual Currency Interest Note, 
Dual Currency Redemption Note (each, a "Dual Currency Note"), Index Linked Note, 
Share Linked Note, Debt Linked Note, Commodity Linked Note, Inflation Linked Note, 
Currency Linked Note, Fund Linked Note, Underlying Interest Rate Linked Note, Credit 
Linked Note, ETI Linked Note or Hybrid Note in definitive bearer form all unmatured 
Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. Where any Floating Rate Note, Index Linked Note, Share 
Linked Note, Debt Linked Note, Commodity Linked Note, Inflation Linked Note, Currency 
Linked Note, Fund Linked Note, Underlying Interest Rate Linked Note, Credit Linked Note, 
ETI Linked Note, Underlying Interest Rate Linked Note or Hybrid Note is presented for 
redemption without all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, payment of all amounts 
due in relation to such Note shall be made only upon indemnification of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (if applicable). 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange 
for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons 
to, and including, the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to 
which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 14 (Replacement 
of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons). Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms 
and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final 
Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
(ii) 
Registered Notes
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. 
Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the

--- Page 548 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 548 - 
Register (A) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a 
day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing 
System are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (B) where in definitive form, 
at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) 
before the relevant due date (in each case, the "Record Date"). Notwithstanding the 
previous sentence, if (1) a holder does not have a Designated Account or (2) the principal 
amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or integral multiples of 
U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof) (or its approximate equivalent in any other Settlement 
Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Settlement Currency drawn on 
a Designated Bank (as defined below), provided that, any payment in CNY will be made 
solely by transfer to the Designated Account in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) of the holder 
(or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register. For 
these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (i) 
(in the case of payment in a Settlement Currency other than euro or CNY) a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Settlement Currency; (ii) (in the case of a 
payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro; and (iii) (in the case of a 
payment in CNY) a bank in the CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Settlement Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed on the 
business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately 
preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the Record Date at his address 
shown in the Register on the Record Date and at his risk. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
payment of the Interest Amount in CNY will be made solely by transfer to the Designated 
Account in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) 
of the Registered Notes appearing in the Register. Upon application of the holder to the 
specified office of the Registrar not less than three business days in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any payment of interest in 
respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by transfer on the due date in the 
manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer shall be 
deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) 
and instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered 
Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such 
time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the 
interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final instalment of 
principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any 
delay in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque 
posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being 
lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the 
Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered 
Notes. 
Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Trustee nor any of the Agents will have 
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

--- Page 549 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 549 - 
(iii) 
Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global 
Note will be made in the manner specified above and otherwise in the manner specified in 
the relevant Global Note against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such 
Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside of the United States. A 
record of each payment made on such Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such Global Note by the Paying 
Agent to which such Global Note is presented for the purpose of making such payment, and 
such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments in respect of Notes denominated and payable in 
CNY will be made solely by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained in the CNY 
Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "CNY Payment Disruption Event" to be applicable, in 
the event that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, that a CNY Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur 
and that such CNY Payment Disruption Event is material in relation to the Issuer's payment 
obligations under the Notes in respect of any forthcoming Interest Payment Date, Maturity 
Date or other date on which any amount in respect of the Notes shall be due and payable 
(each such date, an "Affected Payment Date"), then the Calculation Agent shall notify 
Noteholders as soon as practicable of the occurrence of such CNY Payment Disruption 
Event in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "CNY Payment Disruption Event" is applicable 
to the Notes, upon the occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption Event: 
(A)
Postponement
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Postponement" to be applicable in respect of 
the Notes, then the Affected Payment Date shall be postponed until the earlier of (A) 
the second Business Day following the day on which such CNY Payment Disruption 
Event ceases to exist, and (B) the date falling 14 calendar days following the original 
date on which the Affected Payment Date was scheduled to fall (the "CNY Payment 
Disruption Cut-off Date") and notice thereof shall be given to the relevant 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).  For the avoidance of doubt, 
no amount of interest shall be payable in respect of any delay in payment of any 
amount(s) due to the adjustment of any Affected Payment Date. 
In the event that, pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Affected Payment Date is 
adjusted to fall on the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date and the Calculation 
Agent determines that a CNY Payment Disruption Event still exists on such day, then 
the Issuer shall make payment of the Equivalent Amount of the relevant Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount or such other amount payable (if applicable) on 
the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date and notice thereof shall be given to the 
relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).  Any such payment 
made by the Issuer on the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date shall be in full and 
final settlement of its obligations to pay such amount in respect of the Notes. 
(B)
Payment of Equivalent Amount 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Payment of Equivalent Amount" to be 
applicable in respect of the Notes, the Issuer shall, upon giving notice prior to the 
relevant Affected Payment Date to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition

--- Page 550 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 550 - 
18 (Notices), make payment of the Equivalent Amount of the relevant Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount or such other amount payable (if applicable) 
on the relevant Affected Payment Date.  Any such payment made by the Issuer on 
an Affected Payment Date shall be in full and final settlement of its obligations to 
pay such amount in respect of the Notes. 
(C)
For these purposes: 
"CNY" means Chinese Yuan or Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's Republic of 
China (including any lawful successor currency to the CNY). 
"CNY Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency 
or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority 
or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) in the People's Republic of China, Hong Kong and any other 
CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
"CNY Payment Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a)
an event which makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or 
impractical for the Issuer to convert any amounts due and payable in CNY under the 
Notes into or from the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency in the general CNY 
foreign exchange market in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), except where 
such impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any CNY Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Trade Date, and it is 
impossible or impractical for the Issuer, due to events beyond its control, to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation) (a "CNY Inconvertibility Event").  For the 
avoidance of doubt, the inability of the Issuer to convert CNY solely due to issues 
relating to its creditworthiness shall not constitute a CNY Inconvertibility Event; 
(b)
an event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or 
impractical for the Issuer to deliver (i) CNY between accounts inside the relevant 
CNY Settlement Centre(s), or (ii) from an account inside the relevant CNY 
Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) 
(including, if applicable, to another CNY Settlement Centre) and outside Mainland 
China, or (iii) from an account outside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) 
(including, if applicable, from an account inside another CNY Settlement Centre) and 
outside Mainland China to an account inside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), 
except where such impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure of the 
Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any CNY Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Trade Date, 
and it is impossible or impractical for the Issuer, due to events beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation) (a "CNY Non-Transferability Event").  
For the purposes of determining whether a CNY Non-Transferability Event has 
occurred only, a segregated CNY fiduciary cash account with the People's Bank of 
China and operated by Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited shall be deemed to be 
an account inside Hong Kong; and 
(c)
an event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or 
impractical for the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an offer price in respect of any 
amounts due and payable in CNY under the Notes (either in one transaction or a 
commercially reasonable number of transactions that, when taken together, is no less 
than such amount) in the general CNY foreign exchange market in the relevant CNY

--- Page 551 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 551 - 
Settlement Centre(s) in order to perform its obligations under the Notes (a "CNY 
Illiquidity Event").  For the avoidance of doubt, the inability of the Issuer to obtain 
such firm quote solely due to issues relating to its creditworthiness shall not constitute 
a CNY Illiquidity Event. 
"CNY Settlement Centre" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  If no CNY Settlement 
Centre is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the CNY Settlement Centre shall be deemed 
to be Hong Kong. 
"Equivalent Amount" means, following the occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption 
Event and in respect of the relevant Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or such 
other amount payable (if applicable) on the relevant Affected Payment Date or the relevant 
CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date, as the case may be (for these purposes, the 
"Relevant CNY Amount"), an amount in the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner), by converting the Relevant CNY Amount into the Equivalent Amount Settlement 
Currency using the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price for the relevant Affected Payment 
Date or the relevant CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date, as the case may be. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price" means, in respect of any relevant day, the spot rate 
of exchange between CNY and the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency on such day, 
appearing on the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source at the Equivalent Amount 
Settlement Valuation Time on such day (expressed as a number of units (or part units) of 
CNY for which one unit of the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency can be exchanged), 
or if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal 
places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent of the bid and offer CNY/Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency 
exchange rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as 
selected by the Calculation Agent) at the Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time on 
such day.  If less than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer 
CNY/Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency exchange rates on such day, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source" means the price source specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the time at which the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price 
Source publishes the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price. 
"impossible" or "impossibility" in relation to a CNY Payment Disruption Event, shall 
include (but shall not be limited to) any act which, if done or performed by the Issuer (or 
any affiliate of the Issuer) would be or result in the breach of any applicable law, rule, or 
regulation. 
"impractical" or "impracticality" means, in relation to a CNY Payment Disruption Event 
and in respect of any action to be taken by the Issuer, that the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) 
would incur a materially increased amount of taxes, duties, expenses or fees (as compared 
with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) to perform such action.

--- Page 552 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 552 - 
The holder of the relevant Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments 
in respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the payment obligations of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown 
in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order 
of, the holder of the relevant Global Note. No person other than the holder of the relevant 
Global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) in 
respect of any payments due on that Global Note. 
If any date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Payment Day, then the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due 
until the next following Payment Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum 
in respect of any such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 10 
(Prescription)) is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation (in the 
case of Notes that are Definitive Bearer Notes); 
(B) 
each Financial Centre (other than the TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System is 
open.   
If the due date for redemption of any interest bearing Note in definitive form is not a due 
date for the payment of interest relating thereto, interest accrued in respect of such Note 
from (and including) the last preceding due date for the payment of interest (or from the 
Interest Commencement Date) will be paid against surrender of such Note. 
The names of the initial Issuing and Paying Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and 
their initial specified offices are set out below. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to 
vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint additional or other 
Paying Agents and/or to approve any change in the specified office of any Paying Agent, 
provided that: 
(1) 
so long as any Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a 
Paying Agent, which may be the Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) and a Transfer Agent, which may be the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) with a specified office in the place required by the rules and regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange; and 
(2) 
there will at all times be an Issuing and Paying Agent and a Registrar; and 
(3) 
the Issuer undertakes that it will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent.

--- Page 553 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 553 - 
(iv) 
Place of payment
Payments in respect of the Notes will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 9. 
(v)
FX Settlement Disruption 
If the Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant Currency, 
FX Settlement Disruption will apply, and: 
(A) 
if, on the second Business Day prior to the Disrupted Payment Date, the Calculation 
Agent (in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that a 
FX Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "FX Settlement Disruption Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter and, in any 
event, prior to the relevant Disrupted Payment Date; 
(B) 
following the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event: 
(1) 
the date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount will be postponed 
to (i) the second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a FX Settlement Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting or if earlier (ii) the date falling thirty calendar days following 
the scheduled due date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount (the 
"FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date") which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(2) 
(i) in the case of (1)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted 
Amount, less FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the 
Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or, (ii) in the 
case of (1)(ii) above, in lieu of paying the relevant Disrupted Amount in 
the relevant Settlement Currency, the Issuer will, subject to sub-paragraph 
(C) below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount into the FX Settlement 
Disruption Currency (using the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate 
for the relevant Disrupted Payment Date) and will pay the relevant 
Disrupted Amount, less FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the 
FX Settlement Disruption Currency on the FX Settlement Disruption Cut-
off Date; 
(C) 
if sub-paragraph (B)(1)(ii) applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the FX 
Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner in accordance with the following procedures: 
(1) 
the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the 
bid and offer Settlement Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
exchange rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign 
exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on such day; or 
(2) 
if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid 
and offer Settlement Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
exchange rates on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX

--- Page 554 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 554 - 
Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner;  
(D) 
this Condition 6(a)(iv) shall not apply to Dual Currency Notes; 
(E) 
for the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the 
postponement of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition 6(a)(iv), and no 
additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for 
payment; 
(F) 
for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Condition 6(a)(iv) shall 
prevent the Calculation Agent from determining that an Additional Disruption 
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event has occurred, in which case, 
the provisions of Condition 7(o) shall prevail in the event of any conflict between 
this Condition 6(a)(iv) and Condition 7(o); and 
(G) 
for these purposes: 
"Disrupted Amount" means the relevant Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount or such other amount payable (if any);  
"Disrupted Payment Date" means the due date for payment of the relevant Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount or such other amount payable (if any); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" means US dollars ("USD");  
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which 
makes it unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable to pay any Disrupted 
Amount in the Settlement Currency on the scheduled due date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between 
the Settlement Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the FX 
Settlement Disruption Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) above; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" means the sum of (i) the cost to the Issuer, 
the Swap Counterparty and/or the Swap Counterparty's Affiliates of, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the Notes and (ii) any transaction, 
settlement or other costs and expenses arising directly out of the occurrence of a 
FX Settlement Disruption Event or the related payment of the Disrupted Amount, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent  in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner; and 
"Relevant Currency" means each of Emirati Dirhams ("AED"), Argentinian Pesos 
("ARS"), Australian Dollars ("AUD"), Bermudan Dollars ("BMD"), Bulgarian 
Leva ("BGN"), Bahraini Dinars ("BHD"), Botswana Pula ("BWP"), Brazilian 
Reais ("BRL"), Canadian Dollars ("CAD"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), Chilean Pesos 
("CLP"), Czech Koruna ("CZK"), Danish Kroner ("DKK"), Euro ("EUR"), Great 
British Pounds ("GBP"), Ghanaian Cedis ("GHS"), Hong Kong Dollars ("HKD"), 
Croatian Kuna ("KRJ"), Hungarian Forints ("HUF"), Indonesian Rupiah ("IDR"), 
Israeli Shekels ("ILS"), Icelandic Krónur ("ISK"), Jordanian Dinars ("JOD"), 
Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Kenyan Shillings ("KES"), Kuwaiti Dinars ("KWD"), 
Kazakhstani Tenges ("KZT"), Lebanese Pounds ("LBP"), Moroccan Dirhams 
("MAD"), Mauritian Rupees ("MUR"), Mexican Pesos ("MXN"), Malaysian

--- Page 555 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 555 - 
Ringgits ("MYR"), Namibian Dollars ("NAD"), Nigerian Naira ("NGN"), 
Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), New Zealand Dollars ("NZD"), Omani Riyals 
("OMR"), Peruvian Nuevos Soles ("PEN"), Philippine Pesos ("PHP"), Polish 
Zloty ("PLN"), Qatari Riyals ("QAR"), Romanian Lei ("RON"), Russian Roubles 
("RUB"), Saudi Riyals ("SAR"), Swedish Kronor ("SEK"), Singaporean Dollars 
("SGD"), Thai Baht ("THB"), Tunisian Dinars ("TND"), Turkish Lire ("TRY"), 
United States Dollars ("USD") and South African Rand ("ZAR"). 
(b) 
Physical Delivery
(i)
Physical Delivery
(A) 
Asset Transfer Notices
In relation to Notes (x) to be redeemed by delivery or (in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes) Delivery of the Entitlement(s) or (y) in respect of which Physical Settlement 
upon Physical Delivery Event is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and a Physical Delivery Event has been determined to have occurred in 
accordance with Condition 7(w) or (z) in respect of which Physical Settlement upon 
Acceleration is applicable and the Compartment Security is to be enforced in 
accordance with Condition 12, in order to obtain delivery or Delivery of the 
Entitlement in respect of any Note, the relevant Noteholder must: 
(1) 
if such Note is represented by a Global Note, the relevant Noteholder must 
deliver to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), with a 
copy to the Issuing and Paying Agent and any entity appointed by the 
Issuer to deliver or Deliver, as the case may be, the Entitlement on its 
behalf (the "Delivery Agent"), not later than the close of business in each 
place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed asset transfer 
notice (an "Asset Transfer Notice") in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement; and 
(2) 
if such Note is in definitive form, the relevant Noteholder must deliver (I) 
if this Note is a Bearer Note, to any Paying Agent or (II) if this Note is a 
Registered Note, to the Registrar or any Paying Agent, in each case, with 
a copy to the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Delivery Agent (as defined 
above) not later than the close of business in each place of reception on the 
Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice in the form set out 
in the Agency Agreement. 
For the purposes hereof, "Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or if not so specified (a) in respect of a Note that is not a 
Credit Linked Note, (i) if SPS Accumulator AER Payout is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the third Business Day immediately 
preceding the Maturity Date or (ii) if SPS Accumulator AER Payout is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the third Business Day preceding the 
relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date in respect of which an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event has occurred or (b) in respect of a Credit Linked Note, the third 
Business Day immediately preceding the Physical Settlement Date (or, if earlier, 
the tenth Business Day following the NOPS Effective Date of the Notice of Physical 
Settlement) (each as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Securities (the "Credit Linked Conditions")) and "Entitlement" means (i) 
the quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) equal to the Entitlement Amount specified in 
its Final Terms, (ii) following the occurrence of a Physical Delivery Event or

--- Page 556 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 556 - 
Physical Delivery Early Redemption Event, shall have the meaning given to it in 
Condition 7(w) or (iii) following the occurrence of a Note Acceleration where 
Condition 12(b) is applicable, the Enforcement Entitlement determined in 
accordance with Condition 12(b). 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours 
from the specified office of the Registrar or any Paying Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (I) if such Note is represented by 
a Global Note, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, or (II) if such Note is in definitive form, in writing. 
If this Note is in definitive form, this Note must be delivered together with the duly 
completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(aa) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant 
Noteholder and the person from whom the Issuer or Delivery Agent may 
obtain details for the delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement; 
(bb) 
specify the series number of the Notes and the number of Notes which are 
the subject of such notice; 
(cc) 
in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, specify the nominal 
amount of Notes which are the subject of such notice and the number of 
the Noteholder's account at the relevant Clearing System to be debited with 
such Notes and irrevocably instruct and authorise the relevant Clearing 
System to debit the relevant Noteholder's account with such Notes on or 
before the Delivery Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the 
Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions); 
(dd) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, in the case of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, an authority to the relevant Clearing System 
to debit a specified account with the relevant Clearing System in respect 
thereof and to pay such Expenses; 
(ee) 
include such details as are required for delivery or Delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and 
address of any person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is 
to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents 
evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered or Delivered and specify 
the name and number of the Noteholder's account to be credited with any 
cash payable by the Issuer, including pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 
4, in respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any 
dividends relating to the Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver and the Issuer 
(following a notification to such effect from the Calculation Agent) 
electing to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or Failure to 
Deliver Redemption Amount, as applicable, or as a result of the Issuer 
(following a notification to such effect from the Calculation Agent) 
electing to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount; 
(ff) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Note is not a U.S. person (as 
defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Note is not being redeemed

--- Page 557 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 557 - 
within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, 
securities or other property have been or will be delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in 
connection with any redemption thereof or following a Physical Delivery 
Event (where applicable), or enforcement of the Compartment Security in 
accordance with Condition 12(b), as the case may be; and 
(gg) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
If Condition 6(b)(ii) (Variation of Settlement) applies, the form of Asset Transfer 
Notice required to be delivered will be different from that set out above. Copies of 
such Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained from the Registrar or any Paying 
Agent. 
(B) 
Verification of the Noteholder
In the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, upon receipt of an Asset Transfer 
Notice, the relevant Clearing System shall verify that the person delivering the 
Asset Transfer Notice is the holder of the Notes described therein according to its 
records. Subject thereto, the relevant Clearing System will confirm to the Issuing 
and Paying Agent the series number and number of Notes the subject of such notice, 
the relevant account details and the details for the delivery of the Entitlement of 
each Note. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Issuing and Paying Agent will 
inform the Issuer and any Delivery Agent thereof. The relevant Clearing System 
will on or before the Delivery Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the 
Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), as the case may be, 
debit the securities account of the relevant Noteholder with the relevant Notes. 
(C) 
Determinations and Delivery
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and in 
proper form shall be made, in the case of Notes represented by a Global Note, by 
the relevant Clearing System or, in the case of Notes in definitive form, by the 
relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, or in each case in 
consultation with the Issuing and Paying Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Issuing and Paying Agent(s), any 
Delivery Agent and the relevant Noteholder. Subject as set out below, any Asset 
Transfer Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is 
not copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent and any Delivery Agent immediately 
after being delivered or sent as provided in paragraph (A) above, shall be null and 
void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of, in the 
case of Notes represented by a Global Note, the relevant Clearing System, or, in the 
case of Notes in definitive form, by the relevant Paying Agent or the Registrar, as 
the case may be, or in each case in consultation with the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time such 
correction was delivered as provided above. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant 
Clearing System, the Registrar or a Paying Agent, as the case may be, as provided

--- Page 558 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 558 - 
above. After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Noteholder may not 
transfer the Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
The Entitlement will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in the 
manner provided below on the date fixed for redemption or, in the case where 
delivery of the Entitlement results from the occurrence of a Physical Delivery 
Event, the Unwind Date notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) or the date notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) in accordance with Condition 12(b) (such date, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with this Condition, the "Delivery Date") or in the case of Credit 
Linked Notes Delivered at the risk of the relevant Noteholder, in the manner 
provided below on the Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), 
provided that the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered as provided above on or 
prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
If a Noteholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein with a 
copy to the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Delivery Agent, on or prior to the 
Cut-Off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered or, as the case may be, 
Delivered as soon as practicable after the date fixed for redemption (in which case, 
such date of delivery shall be the Delivery Date) or (in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes or following a Physical Delivery Event or a Note Acceleration where 
Condition 12(b) is applicable) the original date fixed for delivery at the risk of such 
Noteholder in the manner provided below. For the avoidance of doubt, in such 
circumstances such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of 
interest or otherwise, as a result of such Delivery Date falling after the date fixed 
for redemption or the original date fixed for delivery, as applicable and no liability 
in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), if any. 
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall, at the risk of the relevant 
Noteholder, deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement for each Note or (in 
the case of Credit Linked Notes) Deliver the Deliverable Obligations, obligations 
and/or other assets comprising the Entitlement, pursuant to the details specified in 
the Asset Transfer Notice or in such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall acting in good faith determine and notify to the person 
designated by the Noteholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. All costs, taxes, 
duties and/or expenses including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other 
costs, duties or taxes ("Expenses") arising from the delivery of the Entitlement or 
the Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations, obligations and/or other assets 
comprising the Entitlement, as the case may be, in respect of such Notes shall be 
for the account of the relevant Noteholder and no delivery of the Entitlement or the 
Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations, obligations and/or other assets comprising 
the Entitlement, as the case may be, shall be made until all Expenses have been paid 
to the satisfaction of the Issuer by the relevant Noteholder. 
(D) 
General
If Aggregation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Notes held 
by the same Noteholder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Notes, provided that, the aggregate 
Entitlements in respect of the same Noteholder will be rounded down to the nearest 
whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may 
be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. Therefore, fractions 
of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will not 
be delivered and in lieu thereof a cash adjustment calculated by the Calculation

--- Page 559 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 559 - 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner shall be paid 
to the Noteholder. 
Following the Delivery Date of a Share all dividends on the relevant Shares to be 
delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according 
to market practice for a sale of the Shares executed on the Delivery Date and to be 
delivered in the same manner as such relevant Shares. Any such dividends to be 
paid to a Noteholder will be paid to the account specified by the Noteholder in the 
relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to in Condition 6(b)(i)(A) (Asset Transfer 
Notices). 
For such period of time after delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement as the Issuer 
or any person acting on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of 
the securities or Deliverable Obligations, obligations and/or other assets comprising 
the Entitlement (the "Intervening Period"), none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Paying Agents, the Registrar, any Delivery Agent or any other 
person shall at any time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to 
any Noteholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, 
except as provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that person in respect 
of such securities, obligations, assets or Deliverable Obligations, (ii) be under any 
obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights attaching to such 
securities, obligations, assets or Deliverable Obligations or (iii) be under any 
liability to a Noteholder in respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder 
may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that person being 
registered during such Intervening Period as legal owner of such securities, 
obligations, assets or Deliverable Obligations. 
(E) 
Settlement Disruption
The provisions of this Condition 6(b)(i)(E) apply to Notes other than (1) Credit 
Linked Notes, (2) Notes which are Notional Value Repack Securities to which 
Collateral Physical Settlement is applicable or (3) where Condition 12(b) is 
applicable and the Enforcement Entitlement is to be delivered following a Note 
Acceleration. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement in such 
commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is not 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having 
occurred and continuing on the Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date shall be 
postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in respect of which there 
is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer may elect to satisfy 
its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by delivering the Entitlement using 
such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the 
Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with 
delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all 
of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the 
Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the 
originally designated Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is 
not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical 
settlement and notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may elect to 
satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note by payment to the relevant 
Noteholder of the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined below) on the 
fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the

--- Page 560 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 560 - 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). Payment of the Disruption 
Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). The Calculation Agent 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred. No 
Noteholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Note in the 
event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the 
Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount", in respect of any relevant Note, shall be 
the fair market value of such Note (taking into account, where the Settlement 
Disruption Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement and such non affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as 
provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less, unless Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Swap 
Counterparty and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as the case 
may be, as a result of which the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as the case 
may be, cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Relevant Asset" means the Relevant Asset specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, where applicable, as set out in Condition 7(w)(iv). 
(F) 
Additional Provisions for Credit Linked Notes
In the case of Credit Linked Notes, the provisions contained in Annex 10 - 
"Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities" will apply. 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement 
(A) 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Notes, the Issuer may, at its sole and unfettered 
discretion in respect of each such Note, elect not to pay the relevant Noteholders 
the Final Redemption Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement 
to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu thereof to deliver or 
procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount on the Maturity Date to the relevant Noteholders, as the case may be. 
Notification of such election will be given to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices). 
(B) 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, in respect of each Note, 
in lieu of delivering or procuring the delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant 
Noteholders, make payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date 
to the relevant Noteholders.

--- Page 561 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 561 - 
(iii) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
Unless Issuer's Option to Substitute is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions to the contrary, the Issuer may, 
in respect of such Notes, if the Calculation Agent determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case 
may be, comprises shares which are not freely tradeable, elect either (A) to substitute for 
the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, an equivalent value (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) of such other shares which the Calculation Agent determines, in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, are freely tradeable (the "Substitute Asset" or the 
"Substitute Assets", as the case may be) or (B) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the 
Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the relevant 
Noteholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to the relevant Noteholder on the Delivery 
Date of an amount equal to the fair market value as determined by the Calculation Agent 
(unless otherwise specified) (the "fair market value") of the Entitlement on the Valuation 
Date as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner by reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the "Alternate 
Cash Redemption Amount"). Notification of any such election will be given to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and in the event that the Issuer elects 
to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount such notice shall give details of the manner 
in which such amount shall be paid. 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradeable" share shall mean (i) with respect to the United 
States, a share which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the 
Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such share and not purchased 
from an affiliate of the issuer of such share or which otherwise meets the requirements of a 
freely tradeable share for purposes of the Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner or (ii) with 
respect to any other jurisdiction, a share not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in 
such jurisdiction. 
(iv) 
Rights of Noteholders and Calculations
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, any 
Delivery Agent and the Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions (to 
the extent permitted by any applicable law) in any calculation or determination in respect of 
the Notes. 
The purchase of Notes does not confer on any holder of such Notes any rights (whether in 
respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
(c) 
Currency unavailability 
This Condition shall apply when payment is due to be made in respect of any Note, Receipt or 
Coupon in the Specified Currency (other than where the Specified Currency is euro) and the 
Specified Currency is not available to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) due to the 
imposition of exchange controls, the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or other 
circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) ("Currency 
Unavailability").  In the event of Currency Unavailability, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) 
will be entitled to satisfy its obligations to the holder of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by making 
payment in euro on the basis of the spot exchange rate at which the Specified Currency is offered in 
exchange for euro in an appropriate inter-bank market at noon, Paris time, four Business Days prior 
to the date on which payment is due or, if such spot exchange rate is not available on that date, as of

--- Page 562 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 562 - 
the most recent prior practicable date.  Any payment made in euro in accordance with this paragraph 
will not constitute an Event of Default. 
(d)  
FX Disruption Event 
If (x) FX Settlement Disruption Event Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, this Condition 6(d) will only apply if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the FX Disruption Event is not attributable to the Issuer, but substantially alters the economics of 
the Notes compared to the economics as of the Issue Date or (y) FX Settlement Disruption Event 
Determination is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, this Condition 6(d) will 
apply. 
(i) 
If on (A) any Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date or (B) (other than in 
the case of a FX Disruption Event which is a Dual Exchange Rate Event, Illiquidity 
Disruption or an Unscheduled Holiday) if a Specified Exchange Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the second Business Day prior to the due date for payment of any 
amount calculated using such Specified Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent determines 
that a FX Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting it will give notice (an "FX 
Disruption Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter and, in any event, prior to the relevant due date for 
payment of the relevant amount to be calculated using such Settlement Currency Exchange 
Rate or Specified Exchange Rate, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of a FX Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the date for payment of the relevant amount to be calculated using the Settlement 
Currency Exchange Rate or Specified Exchange Rate, as applicable, will be 
postponed to the earlier of (1) the second Business Day following the date on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that a FX Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting or (2)  the day falling thirty (30) calendar days following the scheduled 
due date for payment of such amount (the "Postponed DE Payment Date") which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
(1) in the case of (A)(1) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant amount in the 
Settlement Currency on the Postponed DE Payment Date or (2) in the case of (A)(2) 
above, subject to paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) below, in lieu of paying the relevant 
amount in the Settlement Currency, the Issuer will pay the relevant unconverted 
amount in the Specified Currency (each a "Specified Currency Amount") on the 
Postponed DE Payment Date. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer (following a notification to such effect from the Calculation Agent) elects to 
pay the Specified Currency Amount as provided in paragraph (ii)(B) above it may (but is 
not obliged to) give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (an "Issuer 
Account Information Notice") requesting from each Noteholder such information as it 
deems appropriate in order to pay the Specified Currency Amount to such Noteholder 
(including, inter alios, account information into which in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent the Specified Currency Amount may be paid). Upon receipt of an Issuer 
Account Information Notice, each Noteholder must deliver to the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with paragraph (vi) below with a copy to the Issuing and Paying Agent a notice 
(a "Noteholder Account Information Notice") not later than 20 calendar days following 
receipt of the Issuer Account Information Notice (the "Account Information Cut-off 
Date") specifying details of an account in which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the relevant Specified Currency Amount may be paid.  If any Noteholder fails to 
deliver a valid Noteholder Account Information Notice by the Account Information Cut-off

--- Page 563 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 563 - 
Date, the Issuer will pay or cause to be paid the relevant Specified Currency Amount as 
soon as practicable following receipt of the relevant Noteholder Account Information 
Notice, provided that if any Noteholder fails to deliver a Noteholder Account Information 
Notice prior to the fortieth calendar day following deemed receipt of the Issuer Account 
Information Notice, then the Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation to pay to such 
Noteholder the Specified Currency Amount and shall have no further obligation or liability 
whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(iv) 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that it is unlawful, impossible or 
otherwise impracticable to pay any Specified Currency Amount (other than as a result of 
the failure to deliver a Noteholder Account Information Notice, if applicable) on the due 
date for payment thereof (a "Non-Transferability Event"), the Issuer shall notify the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 that such due date for payment has been 
postponed until the first date on which in the opinion of the Calculation Agent the relevant 
Non-Transferability Event is no longer subsisting. 
(v) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above, the Calculation Agent acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner may make such adjustment to the Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect or account for 
any market practice that develops in respect of the relevant FX Disruption Event.  
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment and notifying the Issuer of the relevant 
adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 stating the adjustment to the Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(vi) 
Any Noteholder Account Information Notice from a Noteholder to the Calculation Agent 
will be validly given if delivered in writing to the Calculation Agent at the address specified 
for such purposes in the applicable Final Terms.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the day when delivered or if delivered after 5.00 p.m. (London time) on any 
day or on any day on which commercial banks were not open for business in London, the 
first day thereafter on which commercial banks are open for business in London.  The 
relevant Noteholder must provide satisfactory evidence to the Calculation Agent of its 
holding of the relevant Notes. 
(vii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the 
postponement of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition 6(d), and no additional 
interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for payment. 
(viii) 
For these purposes "FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following 
events: 
(A) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(B) 
a Dual Exchange Rate Event; 
(C) 
an Illiquidity Disruption; or 
(D) 
an Unscheduled Holiday.  
Where: 
"Dual Exchange Rate Event" means, with respect to any Settlement Currency 
Exchange Rate that the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate or any component rate 
of exchange thereof splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates.

--- Page 564 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 564 - 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means, in relation to a Settlement Currency Exchange 
Rate, the occurrence of an event on a Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Observation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Settlement 
Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source) which makes it impossible to 
obtain a firm quote of the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate for an amount to be 
determined by the Calculation Agent (either in one transaction or a commercially 
reasonable number of transactions that, when taken together, total such amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Inconvertibility Event" means the occurrence of any event or existence of any 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or 
has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of the 
Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and/or any of the Swap Counterparty's Affiliates (1) 
to convert the Specified Currency into the Settlement Currency through customary 
legal channels; (2) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those 
available to residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (3) to freely and 
unconditionally transfer or repatriate funds (in the Specified Currency or the 
Settlement Currency) from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts 
outside the Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference 
Jurisdiction. 
"Reference Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in respect of any Settlement Currency Exchange 
Rate Observation Date, any date on which such date is not a Business Day and the 
market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by 
reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 9.00 a.m. 
local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency or Settlement 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency or Settlement Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) two 
Business Days prior to such day. 
7. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below and provided that no 
Early Redemption Event or Event of Default has occurred on or prior to the Maturity Date, each 
Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (or, in the case only of Physical 
Delivery Notes to which Physical Settlement is applicable, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies that such Notes will be redeemed by payment and/or delivery of a physical delivery of the 
Entitlement by the payment and the delivery of the Entitlement) in the relevant Specified Currency 
on the Maturity Date or, in the case of a Credit Linked Note, at the relevant amount and/or by delivery 
as specified in the Credit Linked Conditions provided that if Suspension of Payments is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a Suspension Event, each Note shall 
be finally redeemed on the Final Deferred Payment Date by payment of the Final Redemption 
Amount or in the case of a Physical Delivery Note, by delivery of the Entitlement (as provided in 
Condition 6(b)(i) above) if no Early Redemption Event results from such Suspension Event or, where 
an Early Redemption Events occurs during the relevant Suspension Period (as defined in Condition 
7(y)), each Note shall be redeemed in accordance with Condition 7(l) and no interest shall accrue in 
respect of the period from the scheduled Maturity Date to the date on which the Notes are finally 
redeemed. For the purpose of this Condition 7(a), "Final Deferred Payment Date" means (1) the

--- Page 565 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 565 - 
second Business Day following the final Business Day of the Suspension Period where no Early 
Redemption Event has occurred during the Suspension Period or, (2) where the Calculation Agent 
determines that the circumstances giving rise to the Suspension Event have been remedied (if 
possible) or no longer exist prior to the end of the applicable grace period such that no related Early 
Redemption Event has occurred, the second Business Day following the date on which the 
Calculation Agent makes such determination 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to the Maturity 
Date and if the Maturity Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the 
Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event the Maturity Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, the Maturity Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
The "Final Redemption Amount", in respect of each nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
Calculation Amount, shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(A) Calculation Amount x the percentage or (B) the Final Payout, in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, (1) if the Notes are Dual Currency Redemption Notes, the product of the above 
formula will be converted into the Settlement Currency as provided in Condition 7(t) below and (2) 
if the product of the Final Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on final redemption of the 
Note. 
The "Entitlement" shall be the quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) equal to the Entitlement Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as set out in Condition 6(b)(i) or (in the case of a Credit 
Linked Note) the relevant obligations and/or other assets as specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
Notes which may be redeemed by payment of a Final Redemption Amount or which are Physical 
Delivery Notes, depending on whether certain conditions are met, will be redeemed (i) by payment 
of the Final Redemption Amount or (ii) subject as provided in Condition 6(b), by delivery of the 
Entitlement. 
(b) 
Final Terms
The Final Terms applicable to the Notes will indicate either:  
(i) 
that the Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date (except as otherwise provided 
in paragraphs (f), (l), (m) and (r) below and in Condition 11 (Events of Default)); or  
(ii) 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders prior 
to such Maturity Date in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs (c) and/or (d) below 
on the date or dates and at the amount or amounts indicated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 566 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 566 - 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
If Issuer Call Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, unless the Notes have 
previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled or (if Noteholder Put Option is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) notice has been given to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7(d), 
the Issuer may, having given notice (the period of which shall not be less than the minimum nor 
more than the maximum specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices), to the Noteholders (with a copy to the Trustee) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any 
Optional Redemption Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) together, if applicable, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date(s).  Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, both as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  The "Optional Redemption Amount" in respect of each 
nominal amount of Notes equal to the Calculation Amount shall be an amount in the Settlement 
Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(i) Calculation Amount x the percentage or (ii) the Call Payout, in each case specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, 
provided that (A) if the product of the Call Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption 
of such Note and (B) if the Optional Redemption Amount is not an amount in the Settlement 
Currency, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into the Settlement Currency 
at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed will (i) in the case of Notes 
represented by Notes in definitive form, be selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior 
to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date") 
and (ii) in the case of Notes represented by a global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their 
discretion).  In the case of Notes represented by Notes in definitive form, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption.   
In respect of any Note, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7(c) shall be void 
and of no effect in relation to that Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the 
Issuer, the holder of such Note had already delivered a Put Notice (as defined in Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders) below) in relation to that Note in accordance with 
Condition 7(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders).  
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
Unless the Notes have previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled or (if Issuer Call Option 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice has been given to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 7(c), if Noteholder Put Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving notice to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) (the period of which shall not be less than the minimum nor more than the maximum 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem in 
whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if applicable, with interest accrued 
to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date. It may be that before an option to require the Issuer 
to redeem any Note can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will need to be

--- Page 567 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 567 - 
satisfied.  The "Optional Redemption Amount" shall be an amount calculated in the Settlement 
Currency by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(i) Calculation Amount x the percentage or (ii) the Put Payout, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
provided that (A) if the product of the Put Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption 
of such Note and (B) if the Optional Redemption Amount is not an amount in the Settlement 
Currency, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into the Settlement Currency 
at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Note, the holder of such Note must, if the Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition 7(d) and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, 
if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an 
address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be 
sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2 (Transfers of Registered Notes).  
If the Note is in definitive form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by the Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, 
be held to the order or under its control.  If the Note is represented by a global Note or is in definitive 
form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require 
redemption of the Note the holder of the Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Issuing and Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time and, if the Note is represented by a global Note, at the same time present or procure the 
presentation of the relevant global Note to the Issuing and Paying Agent for notation accordingly.   
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph (d) shall be:  
(i) 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default has 
occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 
11 (Events of Default), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph (d); and  
(ii) 
void and of no effect in relation to such Note in the event that, prior to the giving of such Put 
Notice by the relevant holder (A) such Note constituted a Redeemed Note, or (B) the Issuer had notified 
the Noteholders of its intention to redeem all of the Notes then outstanding, in each case pursuant to 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer). 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purposes of paragraphs (f), (l) and (m) below (other than where Reference Securities 
Impossibility Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Reference 
Securities Impossibility Event has occurred) and Condition 11 (Events of Default), the Final Terms 
may specify that the Notes will be redeemed at the "Early Redemption Amount" calculated by the

--- Page 568 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 568 - 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following (provided that the Final Terms may specify more 
than one of the following amounts to apply in the applicable Final Terms in respect of different Early 
Redemption Events): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the Final 
Redemption Amount thereof; or 
(ii) 
subject to Conditions 7(e)(v) and 7(e)(vi), in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon 
Note) with a Final Redemption Amount or interest, coupon, premium or other interim 
payment which is linked to an index, a formula or other Underlying Reference, at the 
percentage of the Calculation Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if "Market 
Value less Costs" is specified in the applicable Final Terms at the fair market value of the 
Note less associated costs; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes to which Physical Settlement is applicable by delivery of the 
Entitlement multiplied by a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, at an amount (the "Amortised Face Amount") equal to 
the sum of: 
(A) 
the Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(B) 
the product of the Accrual Yield specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may 
be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable; or 
(v) 
if Liquidation Proceeds is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Issuer shall appoint an agent to sell or otherwise realise the Charged Assets 
(the "Disposal Agent") which shall be the Calculation Agent (or such other party as may 
be agreed by the Issuer and the Trustee provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Disposal Agent may not be the Issuer) and the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Note shall be the pro rata share of the Liquidation Proceeds. "Liquidation Proceeds" shall 
be an amount, subject to a maximum equal to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap save where 
"Liquidation Proceeds Cap" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
equal to the amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer upon the sale or realisation of 
the Charged Assets (including, without limitation, any termination payment received by the 
Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement which relates to the Notes (and not, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any termination payment (or part thereof) which relates to any series of 
Related Notes) or the proceeds of any sale of the Issuer's claim to such termination amount 
and/or the amount received by the Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets on the redemption 
date, expiration date or other date for final payment in respect of the Charged Assets) after 
the deduction of any fees (including, without limitation, any legal fees), costs, expenses and 
taxes incurred by the Disposal Agent (for itself and on behalf of the Issuer), in respect of 
the sale or realisation of the Charged Assets and the early redemption of the Notes, any due 
and unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Trustee and the Agents and any amounts due to 
be paid to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. Where the Liquidation 
Proceeds Cap is applicable, "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" means (A) in case of redemption 
of the Notes as a result of an Early Redemption Event, the Final Redemption Amount 
(calculated on the basis that any reference to the Maturity Date in relation to the 
determination thereof shall be deemed to be a reference to the Early Redemption Date) that 
would have been payable but for the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; or (B) 
following a Note Acceleration, the Final Redemption Amount (calculated on the basis that 
any reference to the Maturity Date in relation to the determination thereof shall be deemed

--- Page 569 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 569 - 
to be a reference to the date on which notice of the Note Acceleration was given by the 
Trustee in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of Default)) that would have been payable 
but for the occurrence of the Event of Default.  In respect of Notes bearing interest, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Early Redemption Amount, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this Condition 7(e)(v) shall include 
any accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant early redemption date and apart from 
any such interest included in the Early Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued or 
otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
redemption. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption 
Amount will be "Liquidation Proceeds" as defined above;  
(vi) 
if Liquidation Proceeds/Fair Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Calculation Agent will determine the fair market value of a 
Note (taking into account the occurrence of the relevant Early Redemption Event but 
otherwise being equal to a pro rata share of the amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of 
the Charged Assets following their early termination or realisation on or prior to the Early 
Redemption Date) which such amount will be the Early Redemption Amount in respect of 
each Note unless such amount would be less than the pro rata share of the Liquidation 
Proceeds (subject to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap, if applicable) realised by a Disposal 
Agent appointed by the Issuer in respect of a Note, in which case a pro rata share of the 
Liquidation Proceeds (subject to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap, if applicable) will be the 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Note; or 
(vii) 
if Liquidation Proceeds/No Unwind Costs is specified as the Early Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be the pro rata share of the 
Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds. "Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds" shall be an 
amount, subject to a maximum equal to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap (save where 
"Liquidation Proceeds Cap" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), 
equal to the amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer upon the sale or realisation of 
the Charged Assets (or the relevant proportion thereof where the Notes are being redeemed 
in part only) (including, without limitation, any termination payment received by the Issuer 
under the relevant Swap Agreement and/or, where applicable, the amount received by the 
Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets on the redemption date, expiration date or other date 
for final payment in respect of the Charged Assets) after the deduction of any termination 
payment due to be paid to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. Where the 
Liquidation Proceeds Cap is applicable, "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" means in case of 
redemption of the Notes as a result of an Early Redemption Event, the Final Redemption 
Amount (calculated on the basis that any reference to the Maturity Date in relation to the 
determination thereof shall be deemed to be a reference to the Early Redemption Date) that 
would have been payable but for the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event. In respect 
of Notes bearing interest, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Early 
Redemption Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 7(e)(vii) shall include any accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant early 
redemption date and apart from any such interest included in the Early Redemption Amount, 
no interest, accrued or otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever will be payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such redemption; or  
(viii) 
if ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs is specified as the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Note shall be the pro rata share of the 
Unadjusted Proceeds. "Unadjusted Proceeds" shall be an amount, subject to a maximum 
equal to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap (save where "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" is specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), equal to the amounts received by or on 
behalf of the Issuer upon the sale or realisation of the Charged Assets (or the relevant 
proportion thereof where the Notes are being redeemed in part only) (including, without

--- Page 570 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 570 - 
limitation, any termination payment received by the Issuer under the relevant Swap 
Agreement and/or, where applicable, the amount received by the Issuer in respect of the 
Charged Assets on the redemption date, expiration date or other date for final payment in 
respect of the Charged Assets) after the deduction of any termination payment due to be 
paid to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement but without deduction of costs 
other than such costs that are unavoidable to redeem the Notes early. Where the Liquidation 
Proceeds Cap is applicable, "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" means in case of redemption of the 
Notes as a result of an Early Redemption Event, the Final Redemption Amount (calculated 
on the basis that any reference to the Maturity Date in relation to the determination thereof 
shall be deemed to be a reference to the Early Redemption Date) that would have been 
payable but for the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event. In respect of Notes bearing 
interest, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Early Redemption Amount, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this Condition 7(e)(viii) shall 
include any accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant early redemption date and apart 
from any such interest included in the Early Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued or 
otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such 
redemption; or  
(ix) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the greater of the 
fair market value of a Note or, as the case may be, Redeemed Amount (where the fair market 
value of a Note or Redeemed Amount, as the case may be, shall be equal to such Note's pro 
rata share of the Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds calculated as if Liquidation Proceeds/No 
Unwind Costs were applicable with respect to the relevant Early Redemption Event or event 
which leads to the partial redemption of the Note) (notwithstanding any illegality (if 
applicable) and taking into account any Additional Disruption Event, Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, Index Adjustment Event, Custom Index Adjustment Event, Extraordinary 
Event, Commodity Index Adjustment Event, Market Disruption Event, Index Cancellation, 
Disruption Event, Extraordinary Fund Event, Fund Index Adjustment Event, as the case 
may be), and the Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case 
may be, proportionate share of such Protected Amount, provided that, (x) no costs shall be 
deducted from such amount and (y) such amount shall include the reimbursement by the 
Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early redemption date or, as the case may be, partial 
redemption date notified to the Noteholders until the scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes), 
of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such costs (including but not 
limited to any structuring costs) paid by Noteholders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the 
Notes, such amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date notified to the Noteholders in 
the notice of early redemption or, as the case may be, notice of partial redemption; 
(x) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the fair market 
value of a Note or, as the case may be, Redeemed Amount (where the fair market value of 
a Note or Redeemed Amount, as the case may be, shall be equal to such Note's pro rata
share of the Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds calculated as if Liquidation Proceeds/No 
Unwind Costs were applicable with respect to the relevant Early Redemption Event or event 
which leads to the partial redemption of the Note) (notwithstanding the illegality (if 
applicable) and taking into account any Additional Disruption Event, Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, Index Adjustment Event, Custom Index Adjustment Event, Extraordinary 
Event, Commodity Index Adjustment Event, Market Disruption Event, Index Cancellation, 
Disruption Event, Extraordinary Fund Event, Fund Index Adjustment Event, as applicable, 
where an Annex Early Redemption Event has occurred) calculated (x) without taking 
account of any costs and no costs shall be deducted from such amount and (y) including the 
reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early redemption date or, as the 
case may be, partial redemption date notified to the Noteholders until the scheduled 
Maturity Date of the Notes), of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such

--- Page 571 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 571 - 
costs (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by Noteholders to the Issuer 
in the Issue Price of the Notes, such an amount to be paid to the Noteholders on the date 
notified in the notice of early redemption or, as the case may be, notice of partial 
redemption;  
(xi) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
the Monetisation Amount (as defined below) (including the reimbursement by the 
Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early redemption date or, as the case may be, 
partial redemption date notified to the Noteholders until the scheduled Maturity 
Date of the Notes), of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such 
costs (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by Noteholders to the 
Issuer in the Issue Price of the Notes), such amount to be paid by the Issuer 
(notwithstanding the notice of early redemption) on the Maturity Date; or 
(B) 
if the Noteholder duly elects to receive the fair market value, as provided below, 
the Market Value calculated in accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) of such Note, 
such amount to be paid by the Issuer on the date fixed for early redemption, as 
notified to the Noteholders. 
In the Issuer's notice of early redemption, the Issuer must include the following: 
(A) 
the cut-off date and time for each Noteholder to elect to receive the fair market 
value on the date fixed for early redemption; 
(B) 
the date of determination of the fair market value in respect of such election and 
the amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the fair market value of the 
Notes on such date; and 
(C) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation Amount; or 
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
to make a valid election to receive the Market Value on redemption of a Note the relevant 
Noteholder must no later than the cut-off date and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early 
redemption give notice to the Registrar or the Issuing and Paying Agent, as the case may 
be, of such election, accompanied by the Note or evidence satisfactory to the Registrar or 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, as the case may be, that the Note will, following delivery of 
the notice, be held to its order or under its control in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement.  If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to make a valid election to receive the 
Market Value on redemption of a Note the relevant Noteholder must no later than the cut-
off date and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early redemption, give notice to the 
Registrar or the Issuing and Paying Agent, as the case may be, such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any common depositary, as the case may be, for them to the Registrar or Paying Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from 
time to time.   
If the Noteholder does not make a valid election to receive the fair market value on the date 
fixed for early redemption before the cut-off date and time set out in the Issuer's notice of 
early redemption, the Noteholder will receive the Monetisation Amount in respect of such 
Note on the Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(e)(xi):

--- Page 572 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 572 - 
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of a Note, an amount equal to the greater of the 
Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as follows: 
(S + D) x (1 + r)n
Where: 
"S" is the present value of the Protected Amount of such Note on the date on which the 
event triggering early redemption occurs; 
"D" is the market value of the Derivative Component on the date on which the event 
triggering early redemption occurs; 
"r" is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent hypothetical 
debt instrument issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with the same time to 
redemption as the remaining time to redemption on the Notes from the date fixed for early 
redemption until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes; 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes, expressed as a 
number of years; and 
"Derivative Component" means the option component or embedded derivative in respect 
of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Notes or the interest amount due under 
the Notes, as applicable, in order to enable the Issuer to issue the Notes at the issue price 
and on their applicable terms. The value of the Derivative Component will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent, taking into account a number of factors, including, but not limited 
to: 
(A) 
market prices or values for the underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and 
other relevant economic variables (such as interest rates; dividend rates; financing 
costs; the value, price or level of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis 
(bases) and any futures or options relating to any of them; the volatility of any 
relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases); and exchange rates (if 
applicable)); 
(B) 
the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Notes; 
(C) 
internal pricing models; and 
(D) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Derivative Component; 
or 
(xii) 
if Annex 12 (Additional Terms for Notional Value Repack Securities) is applicable, the 
Early Redemption Amount will be the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out in 
Annex 12 (Additional Terms for Notional Value Repack Securities). 
Where any of Liquidation Proceeds/No Unwind Costs, Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation 
Option is specified as applicable in respect of an Early Redemption Event, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that such Early Redemption Event (other than a Reference Securities Impossibility Event, 
where applicable) constitutes a force majeure, ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs shall apply. 
For the purposes of Condition 7(l) below, where Reference Securities Impossibility Event is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Reference Securities Impossibility Event 
has occurred, the Notes will be redeemed and the "Early Redemption Amount" payable in respect 
of each Note will be the greater of: (i) the product of its Specified Denomination and the Issue Price;

--- Page 573 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 573 - 
and (ii) its pro rata share of the Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(vii) above, as if Liquidation Proceeds/No Unwind Costs 
were specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Early Redemption Amount and the Liquidation 
Proceeds Cap was not applicable.  In respect of Notes bearing interest, the Early Redemption 
Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of a Reference Securities 
Impossibility Event, shall not include any interest, accrued or otherwise, and no other amount 
whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption following Swap Counterparty optional termination
Where "Swap Counterparty optional termination - Call option" is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
within two Business Days of service by the Swap Counterparty of a notice that it has opted 
to terminate a Swap Agreement in whole or in part on the next following Interest Payment 
Date, the Issuer shall notify the relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) of the early redemption of the Notes in whole or in part on such Interest Payment 
Date and, subject to the relevant provisions of Condition 7(l) (Early Redemption Events), 
shall redeem the relevant Notes at their principal amount outstanding plus interest accrued 
thereon to such Interest Payment Date on such Interest Payment Date; or 
(ii) 
within two Business Days of service by the Swap Counterparty of a notice that it has opted 
to terminate a Swap Agreement on any other date (where it has such right as so specified in 
the Final Terms) nominated by the Swap Counterparty (the "Nominated Termination 
Date"), the Issuer shall notify the relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) of the early redemption of the Notes on such Nominated Termination Date and 
subject to Condition 7(l) (Early Redemption Events) shall redeem the Notes at their principal 
amount outstanding plus interest accrued thereon (if any) to such Nominated Termination 
Date on such Nominated Termination Date.  
If any such redemption becomes due to be made by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 7 
and payment to the Noteholders pursuant hereto is not made, the security constituted by the Trust 
Deed shall become enforceable and the Trustee may take such action as is provided in Condition 11 
(Events of Default) or the Trust Deed. 
(g) 
Instalments
(i)
Each Note which is redeemable in instalments will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts 
and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Where an Instalment 
Amount is payable on an Instalment Date, a pro rata proportion of the relevant Charged 
Assets equivalent to the aggregate Instalment Amounts payable in respect of the Notes on 
such Instalment Date will be realised by the Issuer (and automatically realised from the 
security thereon) in order to pay such Instalment Amounts. 
(ii)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable in instalments and that 
Instalment Adjustment is applicable, each Note will be redeemed (i) in part by payment of 
the relevant Instalment Amount on each Instalment Date and (ii) with final redemption being 
made pursuant to Condition 7(a). The Instalment Amount in respect of an Instalment Date 
will be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of the 
Calculation Amount immediately prior to such Instalment Date and the relevant Instalment 
Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Instalment Date. 
Following each Instalment Date, the Calculation Amount in respect of each Note shall be 
reduced by the relevant Instalment Amount and all calculations and determinations in 
respect of the Notes shall be made on the basis of the Calculation Amount as so reduced (or

--- Page 574 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 574 - 
in the case of calculations and determinations made in respect of all of the Notes, the 
aggregate of the Calculation Amount as so reduced).  
(iii)
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Notes are redeemable in Instalments and that 
OCA Instalment Adjustment is applicable, each Note will be redeemed (i) in part by 
payment of the relevant Instalment Amount on each Instalment Date and (ii) with final 
redemption being made pursuant to Condition 7(a). The Instalment Amount in respect of an 
Instalment Date will be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the product 
of the original Calculation Amount as of the Issue Date and the relevant Instalment 
Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Instalment Date. 
Following each Instalment Date, the Calculation Amount shall be reduced by the relevant 
Instalment Amount and, save for the calculation of the Instalment Amount, all calculations 
and determinations in respect of the Notes shall be made on the basis of the Calculation 
Amount as so reduced. 
(iv)
All instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid by surrender of, in the case of 
a definitive Bearer Note, the relevant Receipt (which must be presented with the Note to 
which it appertains) and, in the case of a definitive Registered Note, the relevant Note and 
issue of a new Note in the nominal amount remaining outstanding, all as more fully 
described in Condition 6 (Payments). 
(v)
In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant 
to Condition 7(e) above.   
(h) 
Maturity Date Postponement 
Where "Maturity Date Postponement" is specified as applicable the applicable Final Terms and the 
Maturity Date Postponement Event Condition is satisfied, the Maturity Date will be the day falling 
the number of Postponement Business Days after the Cash Settlement Payment Date.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(h): 
"Maturity Date Postponement Event Condition" means due to the occurrence of an event leading 
to the occurrence of one or more Disrupted Days (in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked 
Notes, Currency Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes) or a Commodity Disrupted Day (in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes), the Cash Settlement Payment Date would not fall at least two Business 
Days before the Scheduled Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cash Settlement Payment Date" means the day falling the number of Payment Delay Days after 
the Redemption Valuation Date or the final Valuation Date (if there is no Redemption Valuation 
Date), as the case may be;  
"Postponement Business Days" means the number of Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and 
"Payment Delay Days" means the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(i) 
Purchases
If the Issuer has satisfied the Trustee that it has made arrangements for the realisation of no more 
than the equivalent proportion of the Compartment Assets, for the repayment of no more than the 
equivalent proportion of any amount deposited under any Deposit Agreement, for the termination of 
no more than the equivalent proportion of any Swap Agreement and for the purchase of the Notes, 
which transaction will leave the Issuer with no net liabilities in respect thereof, the Issuer may at any 
time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts,

--- Page 575 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 575 - 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market 
or otherwise, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  The Trustee will accept as 
evidence of the satisfaction of the criteria to such purchase a certificate (which it may rely on without 
further enquiry) of the Issuer confirming such arrangements and confirming that the remaining 
Charged Assets are sufficient to secure the Issuer's remaining obligations in respect of the remaining 
Notes.  If required by any applicable law or regulation, Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be surrendered for cancellation (within one Business Day of such purchase), in the case of Bearer 
Notes, by surrendering any such Note, together with, in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, any 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons appertaining thereto, to a Paying Agent and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, by surrendering the certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar. 
In such circumstances: 
(A) 
the Issuer and the Secured Parties will be deemed to have consented to the release of the 
security in respect of that proportion of the Charged Assets that corresponds to the 
proportion that the principal amount outstanding of the Notes so purchased bears to the 
aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Notes and the Related Notes (if any) 
immediately prior to such purchase; and 
(B) 
unless an Event of Default or an event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, 
lapse of time, issue of a certificate and/or fulfilment of any other requirement provided for 
in Condition 11 (Events of Default) become an Event of Default (a "Potential Event of 
Default") has occurred and the Trustee has actual notice of such occurrence, such 
proportion of the Charged Assets shall be deemed to have been released from the security 
created under the Trust Deed. 
(j) 
Cancellation
All Notes which are redeemed or purchased by the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled (together with, 
in the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption), and may not be reissued or resold.   Upon such 
cancellation, in the case of Notes which are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
Issuer will forthwith inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of such cancellation.  All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to paragraph (i) above (together with, in 
the case of Definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Issuing and Paying Agent or, in the case of Registered Notes, 
the Registrar, and cannot be reissued or resold.   
(k) 
Late Payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note, except for Registered Notes, pursuant to paragraphs (c), (d), (f), (l) or (m) or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, 
the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated 
as provided in Condition7(e)(iv) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which the Zero Coupon Note becomes due and repayable were replaced 
by references to the date which is the earlier of:  
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and  
(ii) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero Coupon 
Notes has been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Trustee and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).

--- Page 576 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 576 - 
(l) 
Early Redemption Events
The applicable Final Terms may specify that any of the following events applies.  If any does so 
apply then in each case, in the event that the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer and (if applicable) 
the Guarantor in writing (with a copy to the Trustee, on which notification the Trustee shall rely 
without further investigation or enquiry) that it has determined that one or more (as applicable) of 
the following events (each, an "Early Redemption Event") has occurred: 
(i) 
there is a payment default in respect of any of the Charged Assets (other than the relevant 
Swap Agreement) (an "Asset Payment Default Event"); or 
(ii) 
the issuer or primary obligor in respect of any of the Charged Assets (each, a "Charged 
Assets Issuer") or any guarantor of the Charged Assets Issuer's obligations in respect of 
any Charged Assets fails to perform or observe any of its obligations under the relevant 
Charged Assets and the failure continues after the expiration of any applicable grace period 
or the occurrence of any event (including, but not limited to, default, event of default, or 
other similar condition or event (howsoever described)) that results in the Charged Assets 
becoming capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable (an "Asset Default Event"); or 
(iii) 
any of the Charged Assets is, for any reason, redeemed or otherwise terminated prior to its 
scheduled redemption or termination date (an "Asset Redemption Event"); or 
(iv) 
there is a payment default in respect of any of the Charged Assets (other than the relevant 
Swap Agreement) or the aggregate amount received by the Issuer in respect of the Charged 
Assets on the redemption date, expiration date or other date for final payment in respect of 
the Charged Assets is less than the aggregate of the Final Redemption Amounts payable by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes (an "Asset Payment Shortfall Event"); or 
(v) 
on or after the Trade Date, (A) due to the adoption of any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or (B) due to the promulgation of or 
any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction), either (1) any amount is 
required to be deducted or withheld for or on account of any tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, 
assessment or fee of any nature imposed by any government or other taxing authority in 
respect of any payment to be received by the Issuer under one or more Charged Assets or 
(2) the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any amount for or on account of any tax, levy, impost, 
duty, charge, assessment or fee of any nature imposed by any government or other taxing 
authority in respect of (I) any payment received by the Issuer under one or more Charged 
Asset or (II) holding, acquiring or disposing of any Charged Asset (a "Compartment Tax 
Event"); or 
(vi) 
the early termination in full of any Swap Agreement (or any other agreement specified as a 
Related Agreement in the Final Terms) entered into in respect of the Notes other than where 
the Issuer is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) thereunder 
and the relevant event of default relates to the insolvency of the Issuer or is an event of 
default under the Notes or due to the purchase by the Issuer of all the outstanding Notes of 
a series (a "Related Agreement Termination Event"); or 
(vii) 
where an Annex to these Conditions is applicable, and/or in accordance with Condition 
7(o)(B) below, the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that an event has occurred in respect 
of which the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines it is not possible to make an adjustment in respect of such event and that

--- Page 577 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 577 - 
the Notes should be redeemed early as contemplated in either (A) such Annex or (B) 
Condition 7(o)(B), as the case may be (an "Annex Early Redemption Event"); or 
(viii) 
on or after the Trade Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency 
or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing or financial 
authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that 
it has become illegal for (1) the Issuer to perform its obligations in respect of any Notes or 
the Swap Counterparty to perform its obligations in respect of any Swap Agreement, (2) for 
the Issuer to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to any Notes or 
for the Swap Counterparty to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating 
to any Swap Agreement save where such an event in (A) or (B) would constitute an 
Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional Disruption Event (in the case of 
Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Notes, Currency Linked 
Notes, Underlying Interest Rate Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes) or an Extraordinary 
Fund Event (in the case of Fund Linked Notes) or an Extraordinary ETI Event (in the case 
of ETI Linked Notes) or the Notes are Inflation Linked Notes, or (3) for the Issuer to hold, 
acquire or dispose of any Compartment Assets (a "Compartment Change in Law Event"); 
or 
(ix) 
the Calculation Agent determines that, on or after the Trade Date, any of the following has 
occurred in respect of the Reference Securities: 
(A) 
any event (by way of change to the actual terms and conditions applicable to the 
Reference Securities or by way of exchange of the Reference Securities with 
another asset) which would cause (1) a reduction in the amount of interest payable 
or the amount of scheduled interest accruals, (2) a reduction in the amount of 
principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled redemption dates, (3) a 
postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (II) the payment of principal or premium, (4) a change in the 
ranking in priority of payment of any obligation of the issuer of the Reference 
Securities, causing the subordination of the Reference Securities to any other 
obligation or any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest 
or principal under the Reference Securities; or 
(B) 
any expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Reference Securities or a cancellation, conversion or compulsory 
exchange of the Reference Securities; or  
(C) 
any event analogous to the events specified in (A) or (B), 
(a "Reference Securities Restructuring Event"); 
(x) 
(A) 
any event occurs as a result of action taken or announcement made by a 
governmental authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution 
law or regulation or any other similar law or regulation, in any case, irrespective of 
whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the Reference 
Securities which would cause (1) a reduction in the amount of interest payable or 
the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination), 
(2) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at 
scheduled redemption dates (including by way of redenomination), (3) a

--- Page 578 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 578 - 
postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (II) the payment of principal or premium, (4) a change in the 
ranking in priority of payment of any obligation of the issuer of the Reference 
Securities, causing the subordination of the Reference Securities to any other 
obligation, or (5) any change in the currency or composition of any payment of 
interest or principal under the Reference Securities; or 
(B) 
any expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Reference Securities, or a mandatory cancellation, conversion or 
exchange; or 
(C) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (A) and/or 
(B), 
(a "Reference Securities Regulatory Event"); or 
(xi) 
an authorised officer of the issuer of the Charged Assets or any guarantor of the obligations 
of the issuer of the Charged Assets in respect of any Charged Assets or a governmental 
authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of the Charged Assets or declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or 
deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to the Charged Assets (a "Charged Assets 
Repudiation/Moratorium Event"); or 
(xii) 
the issuer, or primary obligor, or guarantor in respect of any of the Charged Assets: 
(A) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(B) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to 
pay its debts as they become due; 
(C) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, 
scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(D) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law 
or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or 
presented against it, such proceeding or petition: (1) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation; or (2) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; 
(E) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(F) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or 
for all or substantially all its assets; 
(G) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party

--- Page 579 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 579 - 
maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(H) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws 
of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-
paragraphs (A) to (G) (inclusive) above, 
(a "Charged Assets Issuer Bankruptcy Event");  or 
(xiii) 
the Calculation Agent determines the Issuer is unable (due to reasons outside its control) to 
purchase the Reference Securities on the applicable Initial Reference Security Purchase 
Date(s), and such inability continues for a period of three (3) Business Days (or such longer 
period as may be determined by the Calculation Agent) after the applicable Initial Reference 
Security Purchase Date (a "Reference Securities Impossibility Event"), where the "Initial 
Reference Security Purchase Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(xiv) 
the Calculation Agent determines that (A) the Relevant Regulator has informed the 
Reference Security Issuer that the Reference Securities are, or are likely to be, an 
impediment to resolution of the Reference Security Issuer pursuant to the Resolution Rules, 
(B) the Reference Securities do not comply with the criteria applicable to eligible liabilities 
and are or are likely to be, excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements of the Reference Security Issuer according to the Relevant 
Rules as a consequence or (C) the Reference Securities are deemed to fall outside the 
category of obligations described in article L.613-30-3-I-5°(or, where Regulatory Ratio 
Event – SNP is specified in the applicable Final Terms, article L.613-30-3-I-4°) of the 
French Code monétaire et financier (a "Regulatory Ratio Event"),  
the Issuer shall forthwith give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Trustee and the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 18 (Notices) prior to the 
specified date of redemption that it intends to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 
7(l), and upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes 
at their Early Redemption Amount, together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption specified in the relevant notice (the "Early Redemption Date"), provided 
that, (A) where Maturity Date Extension applies as set out in Condition 7(n) (Maturity Date 
Extension), such redemption shall take place in accordance with Condition 7(n) and/or (B) where 
Physical Settlement upon an Early Redemption Event is specified to be applicable to an Early 
Redemption Event in the applicable Final Terms and such Early Redemption Event occurs, 
redemption upon such Early Redemption Event shall be governed by, and shall take place in 
accordance with Condition 7(w). 
Where Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value Repack Securities) applies, 
the Early Redemptions Events which are set out in Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Notional Value Repack Securities) will apply to the extent specified as Early Redemption Events in 
the applicable Final Terms rather than the events specified in this Condition 7(l) and the applicable 
Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Date will be determined in accordance with 
Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value Repack Securities) and any 
reference to Condition 7(l) shall be construed accordingly. 
Where Swap Termination Without Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be included in the term "Charged Assets" as 
used in Conditions 7(l)(i) to (iv) (inclusive) and the definition of Related Agreement Termination 
Event in Condition 7(l)(vi) shall not apply and shall be replaced by the following definition:

--- Page 580 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 580 - 
"(vi) the early termination in full of any Swap Agreement entered into in respect of the Notes other 
than where (i) the Issuer is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) and the 
relevant event of default relates to the insolvency of the Issuer, (ii) a Swap Default has occurred, (iii) 
where an Annex to these Conditions is applicable or Condition 7(o)(B) applies, the Swap Agreement 
terminates in whole or in part as a result of an event in respect of which the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is not possible to make an adjustment to the terms of the Notes in respect of such 
event in accordance with such Annex or Condition 7(o)(B) but due to the application of provisions 
relating to delayed redemption in the relevant Annex or Condition 7(o)(B)(c), the Notes are not due 
to be redeemed until the Maturity Date or (iv) the Swap Agreement terminates due to the purchase 
by the Issuer of all the outstanding Notes of a series (a "Related Agreement Termination Event");". 
Where the Series of Notes has been issued through a Multi-Series Compartment, the reference to 
"Swap Agreement" in Condition 7(l)(vi) shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Series 
Transaction(s) entered into in respect of such Series of Notes.   
"Series Transaction" means where a Swap Agreement has been entered into respect of the Notes 
and one or more series of Related Notes, the transaction under the relevant Swap Agreement relating 
to the relevant Series of Notes. 
As used in this Condition 7(l) (and where such term is used in Condition 7(w)):  
"BNP Paribas Group" means BNP Paribas together with its consolidated subsidiaries; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
as published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014, as amended from time 
to time (including by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC) or such other directive 
as may come in effect in the place thereof; 
"CRD IV Rules" means any or any combination of the CRD IV, the CRR and any CRD IV 
Implementing Measures; 
"CRD IV" means the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 
June 2013, as amended from time to time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures) or such other directive as may come into 
effect in place thereof ; 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Relevant 
Regulator, which are applicable to the Reference Security Issuer and which prescribe the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the 
Reference Security Issuer; 
"CRR" means the Regulation 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended from time to time (including 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019

--- Page 581 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 581 - 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures 
to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting 
and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012) or such other directive as may come 
into effect in place thereof; 
"MREL/TLAC Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Reference Security 
Issuer and/or the BNP Paribas Group referred to in the BRRD, any other EU law or regulation and 
relevant implementing legislation and regulation in France and/or any other legislation or regulation 
as may come in effect in the place of, or in addition to, any of the foregoing which relates to 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or capacity to absorb losses; 
"Reference Security Issuer" means the issuer(s) of the Reference Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Regulator" means the European Central Bank and any successor or replacement thereto, 
or other authority (including, but not limited to any resolution authority) having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Reference Security Issuer or the 
application of the Relevant Rules to the Reference Security Issuer and the BNP Paribas Group;  
"Relevant Rules" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies of 
the Relevant Regulator relating to capital adequacy applicable to the Reference Security Issuer from 
time to time including, for the avoidance of doubt, applicable rules contained in, or implementing 
the CRD IV Rules and/or the BRRD; and 
"Resolution Rules" means the BRRD and any other EU law or regulation and relevant implementing 
legislation and regulations in France relating thereto.
(m) 
Redemption for taxation and other reasons
(i) 
If so specified in the Final Terms, then if the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment 
due in respect of the Notes, would be required by law to withhold or account for tax or 
would suffer tax in respect of its income or payments so that it would be unable to make 
payment of the full amount due, the Issuer shall so inform the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty in writing and shall use all reasonable endeavours to arrange the substitution 
of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction approved in writing by the Trustee and 
the Swap Counterparty as the principal obligor or to change (to the satisfaction of the 
Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) its residence for taxation purposes to another 
jurisdiction approved in writing by the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty and, if it is unable 
to arrange such substitution or change before the next payment is due in respect of the Notes, 
the Issuer shall forthwith give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice (unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms) to the Trustee and the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), and upon expiry of such notice shall redeem all but not some only of 
the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with interest (if any) accrued to the 
date fixed for redemption. Such notice shall be given promptly upon the occurrence of any 
of the above events. 
(ii) 
Where this Condition 7(m) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if 
(x) a Swap Agreement is terminated in whole for any reason save for where Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption following Swap Counterparty optional termination) is applicable and the Swap 
Counterparty exercises its rights to terminate the Swap Agreement according to its terms or 
a Repurchase Agreement is terminated for any reason, or a Deposit Agreement is terminated 
for any reason in each case save where the Issuer has purchased all the Notes pursuant to, 
and in accordance with, Condition 7(i) (Purchases); or (y) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee

--- Page 582 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 582 - 
(by the provision of such certificates and opinions as the Trustee deems necessary) that the 
performance of its obligations under the Notes or that any arrangements made to hedge its 
position under the Notes have or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in 
whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, legislative or 
judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, then the Issuer shall forthwith 
give not more than 25 nor less than 10 days' notice (unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms) to the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Swap Counterparty (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) and on the expiry of such notice shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes 
at their Early Redemption Amount together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption.  Such notice shall be given promptly upon the occurrence of either of the 
above events and such redemption made, unless the Trustee shall certify to the Issuer that it 
considers in its absolute discretion that it is in the interests of the holders of the Notes that 
such notice and redemption be delayed or not given or made, as the case may be, or an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Notes shall otherwise direct. 
(n)  
Maturity Date Extension
Where: 
(A) 
"Maturity Date Extension" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable 
on the Early Redemption Date (or on the Maturity Date if the Early Redemption Event 
occurs on such date); and/or  
(B) 
Swap Termination Without Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, a Swap Default has occurred and the Issuer has not received any Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) due to it in the manner set out in 
Condition 8(k) (Swap termination) on or prior to the Maturity Date,  
the terms of this Condition 7(n) shall apply as set out below, provided that, where sub-clause (B) 
applies and no Early Redemption Event has also occurred, the provisions of Conditions 7(n)(i), 
7(n)(ii), 7(n)(vi) and 7(n)(vii) only shall apply. 
(i) 
Where the Issuer has not received in full the amount it is scheduled to receive on or prior to 
such date in respect of any of the Charged Assets relating to the relevant Notes (such assets, 
the "Non-Performing Assets") it shall, on the Early Redemption Date or the Maturity Date, 
as the case may be, pay any amounts it has received in respect of the Charged Assets pro 
rata to the Noteholders (provided that all amount(s) which are to be deducted from such 
amounts in accordance with the definition of Liquidation Proceeds have been paid in full 
or, where a Swap Default has occurred and Swap Termination Without Redemption applies 
and no Early Redemption Event has also occurred, the amounts which are to be deducted as 
set out in Condition 8(k) (the "Deduction Amounts")) and redemption in full of the Notes 
will be postponed until the date specified in the applicable Final Terms as the "Extended 
Maturity Date" (the "Extended Maturity Date"), provided that if during the Extension 
Period the Calculation Agent gives at least three Business Days' notice to the Issuer that the 
Calculation Agent, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, has determined 
that the Issuer will not receive any further amounts in respect of the Non-Performing Assets 
and that it will not be possible to realise any further amounts in respect of the Non-
Performing Assets, the date on which such notice expires shall be deemed to be the actual 
Extended Maturity Date and no further amounts shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes following such date. 
(ii) 
On each day in the Extension Period falling three Business Days after the receipt of any 
amounts by the Issuer in respect of any Non-Performing Asset, the Issuer shall procure that

--- Page 583 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 583 - 
such amounts are paid pro rata to the Noteholders as set out in Condition 7(n)(v) and 
provided that the Deduction Amounts have been paid in full.  
(iii) 
The Issuer shall appoint an agent (which may be the Swap Counterparty, provided the Swap 
Counterparty is not the obligor in respect of a relevant Non Performing Asset, or the Trustee 
or any other party which the Issuer may appoint with the consent of the Trustee) to assist it 
in recovering amounts in respect of the Non Performing Assets (a "Realisation Agent"). 
Any fees, costs and expenses charged and incurred by the relevant Realisation Agent will 
be deducted from the amounts available to pay Noteholders or any other Secured Party 
which is entitled to such amounts. 
(iv) 
If "Sale of Assets" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and there is a Non-Performing 
Asset, the Issuer shall, at the request of the Calculation Agent, procure that any Non-
Performing Asset and any other Charged Asset in respect of the relevant Compartment (or 
the Issuer's rights thereto) which the Issuer is requested by the Calculation Agent to sell 
shall be sold by the relevant Disposal Agent prior to the Extended Maturity Date and the 
proceeds from such sale (less any costs or expenses incurred in such sale) will be applied in 
accordance with the terms of this Condition 7(n) and, if the Calculation Agent determines, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that such sale is not possible 
in respect of any Non-Performing Asset, it shall be deemed that the amount received in 
respect of such Non-Performing Asset is equal to zero.   
(v) 
The total amount received in respect of the Charged Assets in the period from, and 
including, the Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, to, but 
excluding, the Extended Maturity Date (the "Extension Receipts") shall be deemed to form 
part of the Liquidation Proceeds as set out in Condition 7(e) provided that, to the extent 
amounts are owed to Secured Parties other than the Noteholders in respect of the relevant 
Series of Notes, the Issuer shall apply the Extension Receipts in accordance with the 
applicable Order of Priority which would apply following a Note Acceleration in respect of 
the Notes and any reference to amounts being paid to the Noteholders in this Condition 7(n) 
shall be construed accordingly.   
(vi) 
No interest shall accrue on the Notes for the period from, and including, the Maturity Date 
or the Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, to, and including, the Extended Maturity 
Date if redemption of the Notes in whole or in part is postponed to the Extended Maturity 
Date in accordance with this Condition 7(n) unless specified otherwise in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(vii) 
As used in this Condition 7(n), "Extension Period" means the period from, but excluding, 
the Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date to, and including, the Extended Maturity 
Date. 
(o) 
Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events 
(A) 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption 
(unless specified to be not applicable in the applicable Final Terms); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(a)  
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur; 
(b) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or

--- Page 584 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 584 - 
the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the 
effect that the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent  or the Calculation Agent or 
any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or 
regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes; or 
(c) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the Notes from the perspective of the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or 
will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result of any applicable licensing 
restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence 
(including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to 
issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such 
licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material 
change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence); 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the 
First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. 
For these purposes "control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an 
entity. 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined in 
BMR where any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, 
is determined, in whole or in part, by reference to such figure, value, level or rate, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any 
of the following has occurred or will occur: 
(a)
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(b)
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011); 
"Cancellation Event" means that in the determination of the Calculation Agent all or some 
of the Debt Securities are redeemed prior to their stated maturity date for any reason, and 
as a result thereof it is impossible, impracticable or unduly onerous for (i) the Issuer to 
hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes and/or (ii) the Swap Counterparty or 
its Affiliates to hedge the Swap Counterparty's obligations in respect of the Swap 
Agreement; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (a) due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or 
regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation or application of any law or regulation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory or other supervisory authority with competent 
jurisdiction (including any action taken by a taxing or financial authority or any supervisory 
authority) or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Calculation Agent 
determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that:

--- Page 585 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 585 - 
(a) 
it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and/or any of the Swap 
Counterparty's Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge position 
relating to an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes), any relevant hedge 
position relating to a Debt Security (in the case of Debt Linked Notes), any relevant 
hedge position relating to a Share (in the case of Share Linked Notes), any relevant 
hedge position relating to an ETI (in the case of ETI Linked Notes), any relevant 
hedge position relating to a Commodity or Commodity Index (in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes), any relevant hedge position relating to a Fund Share 
(in the case of Fund Linked Notes) (other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or 
any relevant hedge position in respect of a Euro Fund (in the case of Fund Linked 
Notes (where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or any other hedge position relating to the 
Notes (each a "Hedge"); or 
(b) 
the Swap Counterparty or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
cost (including, without limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or 
capital requirements) in performing its obligations in respect of the Swap 
Agreement or, unless Hedge Maintenance Cost is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in holding, acquiring or disposing of any Hedge; 
"Currency Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, 
illegal or impossible for the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or any of the Swap 
Counterparty's Affiliates (a) to convert the relevant currency ("Local Currency") in which 
the Index, the Shares or the Debt Securities or any options or futures contracts or other 
hedging arrangement in relation to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Securities (for the 
purposes of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes or the Swap Counterparty's 
obligations in respect of the Swap Agreement) are denominated, into the  currency specified 
as the Settlement Currency in the applicable Final Terms (the "Settlement Currency"), as 
the case may be, or exchange or repatriate any funds in the Local Currency or the Settlement 
Currency outside of the country in which the Index, the Shares or the Debt Securities or 
any options or futures contracts in relation to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Securities 
respectively are traded due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, rule, 
regulation, judgment, order, directive or decree of any Government Authority or otherwise, 
or (b) for the Calculation Agent to determine a rate or (in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent) a commercially reasonable rate at which the Local Currency can be 
exchanged for the Settlement Currency for payment under the Notes; 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it 
is impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets (the 
"Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is 
due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets; 
"Extraordinary External Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, the performance 
of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes is prevented or materially hindered or delayed 
due to: 
(a) 
any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order, directive, interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative 
interference of any Government Authority or otherwise; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political 
insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration and/or 
protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other causes or 
impediments beyond such party's control; or

--- Page 586 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 586 - 
(c) 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken 
or threatened by any Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty or any of its Affiliates, of all or substantially all of its assets in the 
Local Currency jurisdiction. 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other 
political subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign 
exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity 
exercising, executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or 
pertaining to government; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or 
option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price 
risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Swap Counterparty performing its 
obligations with respect to the Swap Agreement, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s) or futures or 
options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Swap Agreement, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of components comprised in an Index (in the case of 
Index Linked Notes), or the number of Shares (in the case of Share Linked Notes) that the 
Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the equity or other 
price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Swap 
Agreement; 
"Hedging Party Default" means any hedging counterparty to the Swap Counterparty 
and/or Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Swap Agreement relating to the 
Notes announces its inability to meet its financial obligations, ceases its payments or a court 
in its jurisdiction of incorporation opens insolvency proceedings against it and the Swap 
Counterparty and/or Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty is unable to replace such hedging 
counterparty on terms acceptable to the Swap Counterparty or the relevant Affiliate of the 
Swap Counterparty, as the case may be; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) or any futures or options contract on any Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity 
Index, Index Component (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes) or, in respect of any 
Index Linked Notes relating to a Custom Index, any relevant hedge positions relating to an 
Index or, in respect of any Debt Linked Notes, any relevant hedge positions relating to a 
Debt Security, it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, 
equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest risk) of the Swap Counterparty 
performing its obligations under the Swap Agreement entered into with respect to the Notes, 
or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any 
such futures or options contract(s) or, in respect of any Index Linked Notes relating to a 
Custom Index, any relevant hedge positions relating to an Index or, in respect of any Debt 
Linked Notes, any relevant hedge positions relating to a Debt Security, provided that any 
such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed 
an Increased Cost of Hedging;

--- Page 587 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 587 - 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its 
Affiliates would incur a rate to borrow any component security comprised in an Index (in 
the case of Index Linked Notes) or any Share (in the case of Share Linked Notes) that is 
greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate; 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a component security comprised in an Index 
(in the case of Index Linked Notes) or a Share (in the case of Share Linked Notes), the 
initial stock loan rate specified in relation to such Share, security, component or commodity 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has 
instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to 
a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share Company or Basket Company 
shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing; 
"Jurisdiction Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, 
illegal or impossible for the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or any of its Affiliates to 
purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue to do so in the future) in the Index, the 
Shares or the Debt Securities or, unless Hedging Arrangements is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  any options or futures contracts in relation to the 
Index, the Shares or the Debt Securities in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations: 
(a) 
under the Notes; or 
(b) 
unless Hedging Arrangements is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of any relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the 
Notes (including, without limitation, any purchase, sale or entry into or holding of 
one or more securities positions, currency positions, stock loan transactions, 
derivatives position, commodity position or other instruments or arrangements 
(however described) by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its 
Affiliates in order to hedge, either individually or on a portfolio basis, the Notes)  
or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonably manner) be materially increased under the restriction 
or limitation of the existing or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, interpretation, 
directive or decree of any Government Authority or otherwise; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) 
any component security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or any 
Share (in the case of Share Linked Notes), in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a 
rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of a component security comprised in an 
Index (in the case of Index Linked Notes) or a Share (in the case of Share Linked Notes), 
the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any of Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
Cancellation Event, Currency Event, Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity, Extraordinary

--- Page 588 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 588 - 
External Event, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Jurisdiction 
Event, Insolvency Filing, Loss of Stock Borrow, Stop-Loss Event and/or Significant 
Alteration Event, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Significant Alteration Event" means any event or circumstance or combination of events 
or circumstances occurring after the Trade Date that is not attributable to the Issuer but 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, significantly alters the economics of the Notes as at the 
Trade Date where such event causes  renders the performance of the Issuer's obligations in 
performing its obligations under the Notes unduly onerous or results in a material increase 
in costs associated with the Notes as a consequence of change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, in respect of any tax laws, solvency or regulatory 
capital requirements), nationalisation, or regulatory action, or in other events of similar 
nature that comply with the above conditions, but, in each case, where such event does not 
constitute a force majeure pursuant to Condition 7(v), or, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law, in other similar events or circumstances that would in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
significantly alter the economics of the Notes as at the Trade Date; 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the 
relevant Exchange for such Share at the Scheduled Closing Time on any Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if 
later, the Strike Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike Price is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs 
(other than in respect of Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), the Calculation Agent may 
take the action described in (a) or, if applicable, (b), (c), (d) or (e) below, as the case may 
be, provided that where the circumstances giving rise to such Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event result in a determination, adjustment or 
calculation being made in respect of the relevant Swap Agreement, the Calculation Agent 
shall, to the extent applicable, make the corresponding determination, adjustment or 
calculation in respect of the Notes: 
(a) 
determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. In the case of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, such adjustment may (a) consist of one or more 
amendments and/or be made on one or more dates, (b) be determined by reference 
to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance in relation to 
any hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes and (c) include, without 
limitation, selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to 
the Conditions of the Notes including, where applicable, and unless Unwind Costs 
is specified as not applicable, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing 
such exposure to the successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one

--- Page 589 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 589 - 
successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the 
successor benchmarks; 
(b) 
(i) 
 unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional Disruption   
Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, Market Value, 
Highest Value or Monetisation Option is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
of the Notes (Notices), notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall redeem all but 
not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Condition 7(e), payment being made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes (Notices); 
or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the Maturity Date the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent 
equal to the sum of (x) the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), (y) the Swap Early Termination Amount (if any) and (z) the 
Unused Charged Assets Proceeds (if any).  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(o)(B)(c): 
"Swap Early Termination Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to, 
in respect of each Note, and subject to a minimum of zero, a pro rata share 
of the sum of (1) the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap 
Agreement) received by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement in 
connection with the termination of the Swap Agreement in whole or in 
part, and (2) any interest which has accrued in respect of the amount of 
such Early Termination Amount received by the Issuer (which may be a 
positive or negative figure); and 
"Unused Charged Assets Proceeds" means any amounts received by the 
Issuer from the Charged Assets other than the Swap Agreement which 
have not been used on or prior to the Maturity Date to pay interest and/or 
redemption amounts otherwise payable in respect of the Notes, amounts 
due to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (including in 
respect of any Early Termination Amount due to the Swap Counterparty) 
and/or any fees, costs or expenses due to the Trustee and/or any of the 
Agents; or 
(iii) 
if Highest Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each 
Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 
7(e)(ix); or 
(iv) 
if Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and pay to each 
Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder

--- Page 590 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 590 - 
calculated and paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 
7(e)(x); or 
(v) 
if Monetisation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
18 of the Notes (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Notes and 
pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such 
Noteholder calculated and paid on such date determined in accordance 
with Condition 7(e)(xi); or 
(c) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes linked to a Custom Index, use commercially 
reasonable efforts to select a successor index with a substantially similar formula 
for and method of calculation as the Custom Index within twenty (20) Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Days of the occurrence of the relevant Additional 
Disruption Event or Optional Additional Disruption Event and, upon selection of 
such successor index (the "Successor Index"), promptly notify the Issuer and the 
Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes (Notices) and such index shall become the Successor Index and deemed to 
be a "Custom Index" for the purposes of the Notes and the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustment, if any, to one or more of the Terms and Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for the 
substitution. Such substitution and any relevant adjustment to the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will be deemed to be effective as of 
the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner which may, but need not be the date on which 
the relevant Additional Disruption Event or Optional Additional Disruption Event 
occurred; or 
(d) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes linked to a Basket of Shares, adjust the Basket 
of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share 
selection set out below (each a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each an 
"Affected Share") which is affected by the Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to 
be a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the 
purposes of the Notes, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if 
any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the 
Notes are Physical Delivery Notes) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under 
the Notes was to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected 
Share, the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and

--- Page 591 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 591 - 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
"Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be 
the relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to 
the Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as 
the Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the relevant issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Basket Company in respect of 
the Affected Share. 
(e) 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs, save in respect of Notes which are 
Credit Linked Notes where the provisions of Annex 10 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Securities) shall apply: 
(X) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, will be 
delivered on the originally designated Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 6(b) (Physical Delivery); and 
(Y) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement 
and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Calculation Agent 
may, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, require that 
the Issuer satisfies its obligations in respect of the relevant Notes by 
payment to the relevant Noteholders of the Failure to Deliver Settlement 
Price on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such 
election is given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices). Payment of the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any relevant Note, the fair 
market value of such Note (taking into account the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement which have been duly delivered as provided above), less the cost to the Swap 
Counterparty and/or its Affiliates and/or the Issuer of, unless Unwind Costs are specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, unwinding any underlying related hedging 
arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a

--- Page 592 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 592 - 
commercially reasonable manner (or, where, as provided above some Relevant Assets have 
been delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion). 
(C) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Notes as 
it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes. 
(D) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above 
provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) 
stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption 
Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation 
thereto. 
(E) 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Additional Disruption Event or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent is under no duty to consider the interests of 
Noteholders or any other person.  In making any determination as to which action to take following 
the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event or Optional Additional Disruption Event, (to the 
extent permitted by any applicable law) none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty shall be responsible for any loss (including liability in respect of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Noteholders or any other person in 
connection with the Notes as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay 
in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Notes. 
(p) 
Payout Switch
 If Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (i) if Payout Switch Election 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall (where a corresponding 
election is made by the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Swap Agreement relating to the Notes) 
elect that or (ii) if Automatic Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and an Automatic Payout Switch Event occurs, the Redemption/Payment Basis for the Notes will 
be amended (a "Payout Switch") from the Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the Final Terms 
to the Switched Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Payout Switch Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Notice of any Payout Switch will be given to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18. 
"Automatic Payout Switch Event" means that: 
(A) 
the SPS APS Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less than" or (d) 
"less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic Payout 
Switch Level, (x) on a SPS APS Valuation Date or (y) in respect of a SPS APS Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and Target Switch Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or Snowball Digital Coupon Condition, as 
the case may be, has been satisfied is equal to or greater than the Automatic Payout Switch 
Level as of a SPS APS Valuation Date; 
"Automatic Payout Switch Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS APS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Underlying Interest 
Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 593 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 593 - 
"SPS APS Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
"SPS APS Value" means, in respect of a SPS APS Valuation Date or a SPS APS Valuation Period, 
the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(q) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(A) 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any 
payment and/or delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the 
applicable Final Terms to be subject to a Knock-in Event, shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
(B) 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any 
payment and/or delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Notes which is expressed in the 
applicable Final Terms to be subject to a Knock-out Event, shall be conditional upon the 
occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(C) 
In respect of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or ETI Linked 
Notes, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day (a) in respect of Notes other than Custom Index Linked 
Notes or Debt Linked Notes, at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at 
the Valuation Time the relevant Level triggers the Knock-in Level,  the Knock-out Level, 
the Knock-out High Barrier or the Knock-out Low Barrier, as applicable, a Trading 
Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, or (b) in respect of 
Custom Index Linked Notes or Debt Linked Notes, a Custom Index Disruption Event or 
Market Disruption Event, as applicable, is occurring, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-
out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided that if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur 
in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in 
Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Level as at the Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the 
definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or Knock-out Event. 
(D) 
In respect of Commodity Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes, if the Knock-in 
Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Commodity Disrupted Day or a Disrupted Day, as applicable, then such Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
(E) 
In respect of Notes other than Custom Index Linked Notes or Debt Linked Notes, if the 
Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final 
Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant 
Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and 
at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the time on which the Level 
triggers the Knock-in Level, the Knock-out Level, the Knock-out High Barrier or the 
Knock-out Low Barrier, as applicable (a) in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked 
Notes or ETI Linked Notes, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure,

--- Page 594 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 594 - 
(b) in the case of Currency Linked Notes, a Disruption Event or (c) in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes, a Market Disruption Event, in each case occurs or exists, then 
the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided 
that, in the case of Notes other than Commodity Linked Notes or Currency Linked Notes, 
if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out 
Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date 
shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
Level as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with 
the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of 
determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event. 
(F) 
In respect of Debt Linked Notes, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out 
Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during 
the regular trading hours on the exchange on which the relevant Debt Security is traded or 
on any exchange on which options contracts or futures contracts with respect to such Debt 
Security are traded and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day and at any time at which the relevant Level triggers the Knock-in Level, the Knock-
out Level, the Knock-out High Barrier or the Knock-out Low Barrier, as applicable, a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred or is occurring, then the Knock-in Event or the 
Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of 
this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would 
occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the 
Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a 
Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Level as at the 
Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event. 
(G) 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means (a) each date, (b) each Scheduled Trading Day in 
the Knock-in Determination Period, (c) each Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period, or (d) each Business Day in the Knock-in Determination 
Period, or (e) each Commodity Business Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, 
the Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending 
Date; 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if the Notes are Currency Linked Notes and FX Knock-in Valuation is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the FX Coupon Performance is; or 
(ii) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the Performance Value is; or

--- Page 595 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 595 - 
(c) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and, if the Notes are Currency Linked Notes, unless FX Knock-in Valuation 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a single Underlying Reference, that the Level is; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Underlying References, that the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each 
Underlying Reference as the product of (x) the Level of such Underlying 
Reference and (y) the relevant Weighting is,  
(1) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or 
equal to" the Knock-in Level or, if applicable, (2) "within" the Knock-in 
Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on 
a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in 
Determination Period, as specified in all the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked 
Notes (other than Custom Index Linked Notes), Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked 
Notes or Currency Linked Notes), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Linked 
Notes), a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes), a 
Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes (other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) 
or Business Day (in the case of other Notes), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity 
Business Day, Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the 
case may be; 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes (other than 
Custom Index Linked Notes), Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or 
Currency Linked Notes), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes), a 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes), a Fund Business 
Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes (other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or Business Day 
(in the case of other Notes), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be; 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time;

--- Page 596 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 596 - 
"Knock-in Value" means, in respect of a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-in Determination 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Corridor Value 1" means the Level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Corridor Value 2" means the Level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means (a) each date, (b) each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period, (c) each Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period, (d) each Fund Business Day in the Knock-out Determination Period, (e) each 
Business Day in the Knock-out Determination Period or (f) each Commodity Business Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if Knock-out Corridor Range is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that: 
(i) 
the Knock-out Corridor Value 1 in respect of the Underlying Reference is greater 
than or equal to the Knock-out High Barrier specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and/or 
(ii) 
the Knock-out Corridor Value 2 in respect of the Underlying Reference is less than 
or equal to the Knock-out Low Barrier specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
otherwise 
(i) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Knock-out Value is, or 
(ii) 
if the Notes are Currency Linked Notes and FX Knock-out Valuation is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the FX Coupon Performance is; or 
(B) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the Performance Value is, or 
(iii) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and, if the Notes are Currency Linked Notes, unless FX Knock-out 
Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of a single Underlying Reference, that the Level is; or 
(B) 
in respect of a Basket of Underlying References, that the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each 
Underlying References as the product of (x) the Level of such Underlying 
Reference and (y) the relevant Weighting is,  
(1) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" 
the Knock-out Level or, if applicable, (2) "within" the Knock-out Range Level, in 
each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-out

--- Page 597 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 597 - 
Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out High Barrier" means the level, amount, number or percentage (which must be a level, 
amount, number or percentage greater than the Knock-out Low Barrier) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Level" means the FX Knock-out Level or the price, level, amount, number or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Low Barrier" means the level, amount, number or percentage (which must be a level, 
amount, number or percentage less than the Knock-out High Barrier) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked 
Notes (other than Custom Index Linked Notes), Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked 
Notes or Currency Linked Notes), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Linked 
Notes), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes (other than where the Fund is a Euro 
Fund)) or a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes) or 
Business Day (in the case of other Notes), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity 
Business Day, Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the 
case may be; 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes (other 
than Custom Index Linked Notes), Share Linked Notes, ETI Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes or 
Currency Linked Notes), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes), a 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes), a Fund Business 
Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes (other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or Business Day 
(in the case of other Notes), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be;  
"Knock-out Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms 
do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation 
Time; 
"Knock-out Value" means, in respect of a Knock-out Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 598 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 598 - 
"Level" means, for the purposes of this Condition, (i) the "official level", "official close", "last price", 
"traded price", "bid price" or "asked price" of the Underlying Reference, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, published by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-out 
Observation Price Source, as applicable, or (ii) if "Standard Level" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (a) in the case of Share Linked Notes and ETI Linked Notes, the price of the 
relevant Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Linked Notes and Custom Index Linked 
Notes, the level of the relevant Underlying Reference, (c) in the case of Commodity Linked Notes 
the Relevant Price, or (d) in the case of Currency Linked Notes, the spot rate of exchange for the 
exchange of the Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part 
units) of such Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), in each 
case determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out 
Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as 
applicable, or, in the case of the "official close" level, at such time as the official close is published 
by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-out Observation Price Source, as applicable; 
"Payout Conditions" means the terms and conditions set out in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Payouts).  
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, Index Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Index 
Linked Condition 2 (Adjustments to an Index); 
(b) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Notes, Index Linked Condition 6 (Adjustments to a 
Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption); 
(c) 
in the case of Share Linked Notes, Share Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and Share 
Linked Condition 2 (Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events); 
(d) 
in the case of ETI Linked Notes, ETI Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and ETI 
Linked Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events); 
(e) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, Commodity Linked Condition 1 (Market 
Disruption) and Commodity Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of a Market Disruption 
Event and Disruption Fallbacks); 
(f) 
in the case of Currency Linked Notes, Currency Linked Condition 2 (Disruption Events) 
and Currency Linked Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event); and 
(g) 
in the case of Debt Linked Notes, Debt Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Debt 
Linked Condition 3 (Correction of Debt Security Price) and Debt Linked Condition 4 
(Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Security); and 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Condition, each Index, Custom Index, 
Share, Debt Security, ETI Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Subject Currency or other basis 
of reference to which the relevant Notes relate. 
(r) 
Automatic Early Redemption 
(A) 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on (i) any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Notes will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the

--- Page 599 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 599 - 
Automatic Early Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may 
only occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 
2 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period. 
(B) 
Definitions
"AER Event 1 Underlying(s)" means the Underlying Reference or each Underlying 
Reference comprising the Basket of Underlying References, in each case specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Event 2 Underlying(s)" means the Underlying Reference or each Underlying 
Reference comprising the Basket of Underlying References, in each case specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each nominal amount of 
Notes equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out, 
an amount equal to the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the sum of the relevant 
Automatic Early Redemption Percentage and the relevant AER Rate relating to that 
Automatic Early Redemption Date.  If the product of the Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Note pursuant to this 
Condition; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means  (i) if Target Automatic Early Redemption, 
FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption or FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date on which an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, or, otherwise, (ii) each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no 
Noteholder shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(i) 
if Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the Cumulative Coupon is equal to or greater than the Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage;  
(ii) 
if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
 (1) 
(in respect of an Underlying Reference (other than a Subject Currency)) 
the Underlying Reference Level is; or 
 (2) 
(in respect of a Subject Currency), the FX Coupon Performance determined 
by the Calculation Agent is, 
(A) 
equal to or greater than the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 
and

--- Page 600 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 600 - 
(B)  
less than or equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2; 
(iii) 
if FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day 
Count Fraction, in each case in respect of the Current Interest Period is equal to or 
greater than the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; or 
(iv) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption and SPS AER Valuation are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that: 
(1) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less 
than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 
1"); and/or  
(2) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 
2 Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) 
"less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2"); 
(v) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms:  
(1) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Level 1 or (B) if AER Event 1 
Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket 
Price 1 is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 
1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 1"); and/or  
(2) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Level 
2 or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Basket Price 2 is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or 
equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event 2"); or 
(vi) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or 
Snowball Digital Coupon Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal 
to or greater than the Automatic Early Redemption Level as of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the price, level, amount, number or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, 
as applicable;

--- Page 601 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 601 - 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 1" means the price, level, amount, number or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, 
as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 2" means the price, level, amount, number or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, 
as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" or "AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Date" or  "AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index 
Linked Notes (other than Custom Index Linked Notes), Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked 
Notes, Currency Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes) a Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day (in respect of Custom Index Linked Notes), a Commodity Business Day (in respect of 
Commodity Linked Notes), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Notes (other 
than where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or Business Day (in the case of other Notes), as 
applicable, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day, Commodity Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as applicable, unless, 
in the case of Index Linked Notes, Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes, Commodity 
Linked Notes, Currency Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Linked Notes 
(other than Custom Index Linked Notes), Share Linked Notes, Debt Linked Notes, Currency 
Linked Notes or ETI Linked Notes), a Custom Index Disruption Event is occurring on such 
day (in respect of Custom Index Linked Notes) or a Market Disruption Event is occurring 
on such day (in respect of Commodity Linked Notes).  If any such day is a Disrupted Day, 
a day on which a Custom Index Disruption Event is occurring or (except in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes) a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, as 
applicable, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" or (in the case of Commodity Linked Notes) 
if any such day is a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, then the provisions 
of "Pricing Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provision to "Pricing 
Date" were to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". For the purposes of the 
Relevant Adjustment Provisions, any references to "Valuation Date" shall be deemed to 
refer to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date"; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" or "AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period" or "AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Basket of Underlying References" means, for the purposes of this Condition 7(q), the 
Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares, ETI Basket, Basket of Debt Securities, Basket of 
Commodities, or other basis of reference to which the value of the relevant Notes may relate, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 602 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 602 - 
"Basket Price 1" means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket of Underlying References as the product of (a) the 
Underlying Reference Level 1 of such AER Event 1 Underlying on such AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Date and (b) the relevant Weighting;  
"Basket Price 2" means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 2 
Underlying comprising the Basket of Underlying References as the product of (a) the 
Underlying Reference Level 2 of such AER Event 2 Underlying on such AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date and (b) the relevant Weighting; 
"Cumulative Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, (a) the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current 
Interest Period as the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case for such Interest Period plus (b) the 
product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day 
Count Fraction, in each case for the Current Interest Period; 
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
falls; 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest 
Rate(i) specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, 
the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i)
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value" means the value calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"SPR AER Value", SPS AER Value 1" or "SPS AER Value 2" means, in respect of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the value specified from Payout Condition 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Condition 7(r), each Index, Custom 
Index, Share, Debt Security, ETI Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Subject 
Currency, Fund or other basis of reference to which the relevant Notes relate.  If two or more 
Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Underlying 
Component Rates each Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such (together the "Multiple 
Underlying Interest Rate") will be calculated separately and independently but for the 
purposes of this Condition 7 and the Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions shall be 
deemed to together constitute an Underlying Reference;  
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, (i) "official level", "official close", "last price", "bid price" or "asked price" 
of the Underlying Reference or the Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, published by the Observation Price Source or (ii) if Standard 
Underlying Reference Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) in

--- Page 603 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 603 - 
the case of Share Linked Notes and ETI Linked Notes, the price of the relevant Underlying 
Reference, (b) in the case of Index Linked Notes and Custom Index Linked Notes, the level 
of the relevant Underlying Reference, (c) in the case of Commodity Linked Notes, the 
Relevant Price, or (d) in the case of Currency Linked Notes, the spot rate of exchange for 
the exchange of the Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of 
units (or part units) of such Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can 
be exchanged), or (e) in the case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level or (f) if FI 
Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and Multiple Underlying Interest Rate is specified as applicable, Multiple Underlying 
Reference Rate Value, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on such Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or, in the case of the "official close" level, at such time on such Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date as the "official close" level is published by the 
Observation Price Source; 
"Underlying Reference Level 1" means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Date, (i) if Standard Underlying Reference Level is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, (a) in the case of Share Linked Notes and ETI Linked Notes, the price of the 
relevant AER Event 1 Underlying, (b) in the case of Index Linked Notes and Custom Index 
Linked Notes, the level of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying, (c) in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes, the Relevant Price, (d) in the case of Currency Linked Notes, the 
spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the Subject Currency into the Base Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Subject Currency for which one 
unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), or (e) in the case of an Inflation Index, the 
Relevant Level, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on such AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in the 
case of Debt Linked Notes, the "last price" of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying 
published by the Observation Price Source specified for such AER Event 1 Underlying; and 
"Underlying Reference Level 2" means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation 
Date, (i) if Standard Underlying Reference Level is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, (a) in the case of Share Linked Notes and ETI Linked Notes, the price of the 
relevant AER Event 2 Underlying, (b) in the case of Index Linked Notes and Custom Index 
Linked Notes, the level of the relevant AER Event 2 Underlying, (c) in the case of 
Commodity Linked Notes, the Relevant Price, (d) in the case of Currency Linked Notes, the 
spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the Subject Currency into the Base Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Subject Currency for which one 
unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), or (e) in the case of an Inflation Index, the 
Relevant Level, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Time on such AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in the 
case of Debt Linked Notes, the "last price" of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying 
published by the Observation Price Source specified for such AER Event 1 Underlying. 
(C) 
Accrual 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(k), if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption and Accrual 
to Automatic Early Redemption are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs on an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, interest will cease to accrue on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date.

--- Page 604 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 604 - 
(D) 
AER Rate Determination
(1) 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the AER Rate is determined by reference to 
a Screen Rate, the AER Rate will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference Rate(s) which appears 
or appear, as the case may be, on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at the AER Specified Time indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m. Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR 
or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) (the "Screen Page AER Rate") on the relevant 
AER Reference Rate Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the AER Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the AER Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the AER Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (i), no offered 
quotation appears on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) or, in the case of subparagraph (ii), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information), in each case as at the AER Specified Time, except as provided in 
paragraph (2) below the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the AER Reference Rate at the AER Specified Time on the AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the AER Rate shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the 
relevant quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or in the event that two or more 
quotations are identical, one of the highest) and the lowest (or in the event that two or more 
quotations are identical, one of the lowest) plus or minus (as applicable) the AER Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any AER Reference Rate Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the AER Rate shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.001, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates per annum, as communicated to the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at the AER Specified Time on the relevant AER Reference Rate Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the AER Reference Rate by leading banks in the inter-bank market plus or minus 
(as applicable) the AER Margin (if any). 
If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, 
the AER Rate shall be the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the AER Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency

--- Page 605 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 605 - 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the AER Reference Rate, at which, 
at the AER Specified Time on the relevant AER Reference Rate Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the  
Euro-zone inter-bank market if the AER Reference Rate is EURIBOR or the Stockholm 
inter bank market, if the AER Reference Rate is STIBOR plus or minus (as applicable) the 
AER Margin (if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If the AER Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Calculation Agent shall determine the AER Rate from such source(s) as it 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may select, except that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the absence of the quotation is due to the discontinuation 
of the Screen Page AER Rate or the occurrence of a Reference Rate Fallback Event, then 
the AER Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with paragraph (2) below.  
(2) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date, that the Screen Page AER Rate has been discontinued or a Reference 
Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the 
Screen Page AER Rate, an alternative reference rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in 
the jurisdiction or region of the currency of the relevant rate (each a "Relevant Nominating 
Body") that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more 
alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those alternative reference rates 
is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Notes. If the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event 
before the Business Day prior to the applicable AER Reference Rate Determination Date) 
appoint an agent (the "Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine 
whether a substitute or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page 
AER Rate, is available for the purpose of determining the AER Reference Rate on each 
AER Reference Rate Determination Date falling on or after the date of such determination.  
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such 
successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the AER Rate. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has 
determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such 
rate, the "Replacement AER Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining the AER 
Reference Rate on each AER Reference Rate Determination Date falling on or after such 
determination: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will also determine the changes (if any) required to the applicable Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement AER Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such 
Replacement AER Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page AER Rate, 
including, where applicable, and if Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such 
exposure to the Replacement Reference Rate, in each case acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for such Replacement AER Reference Rate;

--- Page 606 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 606 - 
(ii) 
references to the AER Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement AER Reference Rate, including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will notify the Issuer of the Replacement AER Reference Rate, and the details 
described in (i) above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent of the Replacement AER 
Reference Rate, and the details described in (i) above as soon as reasonably 
practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the Business 
Day prior to the applicable AER Reference Rate Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement AER Reference Rate and the other matters referred 
to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Noteholders, unless the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that 
the Replacement AER Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the AER 
Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, in which case the 
Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate Determination Agent, as the 
case may be (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Reference Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the 
Replacement AER Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement AER Reference 
Rate in an identical manner as described in this paragraph (2). If the replacement Reference 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise 
does not determine a substitute Replacement AER Reference Rate, then the Replacement 
AER Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the relevant rate as appointed by the 
Calculation Agent, (y) the Swap Counterparty or the Guarantor (if any) or (z) an affiliate of 
the Swap Counterparty, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent. 
(3) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum AER Reference Rate then, in the event 
that the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions is less 
than such Minimum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be such Minimum AER 
Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum AER Reference Rate then, in the event 
that the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater 
than such Maximum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be such Maximum AER 
Reference Rate. 
If 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback 
Event 
may 
also 
constitute 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 7(o)(A), the provisions of this Condition 7(r)(3) will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to 
in) this Condition 7(r)(3), the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Reference Rate Determination 
Agent (as applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions 
in respect of the Securities as are provided for in connection with a Reference Rate Fallback 
Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such

--- Page 607 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 607 - 
Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may have 
occurred before the Issue Date of the Securities. 
(s)
Condition to Final Payout Premium 
Where "Condition to Final Payout Payment" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the obligation of the Issuer to pay a Final Payout Premium as part of the Final Redemption Amount 
will be subject to the receipt of an aggregate amount equal to the Final Payout Premium payable in 
respect of each Note outstanding on or prior to the Maturity Date from the Swap Counterparty under 
the Swap Agreement. In the event that the Swap Counterparty fails to pay an amount under the Swap 
Agreement or where the termination of the Swap Agreement has resulted from an Event of Default 
thereunder where the Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party, the Issuer will have no further 
obligation to pay an amount equal to the Final Payout Premium in respect of each Note (but without 
prejudice to the Issuer's obligations to pay an amount equal to the Scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount and, where applicable, any amounts due under Condition 8(k), less the relevant Final Payout 
Premium in respect of each Note) and no Event of Default will occur in respect of such non-payment 
save where the termination of the Swap Agreement has resulted from an Event of Default thereunder 
where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(s): 
"Final Payout Premium" means, in respect of a Note, a pro rata share of an amount equal to the 
amount by which the Scheduled Final Redemption Amount is greater than the amount which the 
Issuer is scheduled to receive in respect of the Charged Assets other than the Swap Agreement on 
maturity or termination of such assets; and 
"Scheduled Final Redemption Amount" means an amount equal to the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount which would have been payable by the Issuer had the Swap Counterparty paid 
the amounts it was scheduled to pay under the Swap Agreement and/or the Swap Agreement had not 
terminated prior to the Maturity Date. 
(t) 
Dual Currency Redemption Notes
If the Notes are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Dual Currency Redemption Notes, any 
amount payable on the redemption of the Notes will be converted into the Settlement Currency at 
the Specified Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Specified Exchange 
Rate is specified, the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate on the relevant Settlement Currency 
Exchange Rate Observation Date. 
References to amounts payable on the redemption of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(v) 
the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(vii) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
7(e)); and

--- Page 608 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 608 - 
(viii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
(u)  
Illegality 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the Notes 
has become illegal in whole or in part for any reason, the Calculation Agent may notify the Issuer 
and the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Notes by giving notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), provided that, if such illegality also constitutes a force 
majeure, the provisions of Condition 7(v) will apply. 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law:  
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer pay to 
each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and 
paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix); 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer pay to 
each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder calculated and 
paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 7(e)(x); 
(iii) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
pay to each Noteholder an amount in respect of each Note held by such Noteholder 
calculated and paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 7(e)(xi); or 
(iv) 
if Annex ERE is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, redeem each Note 
by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with Condition 7(e) (or, where Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional 
Value Repack Securities) applies, Collateral Linked Condition 1) and for the purposes of 
determining the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 7(e) (or Collateral 
Linked Condition 1, as the case may be), it shall be deemed that an Annex Early Redemption 
Event has occurred, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
(v)
Force majeure
If the Calculation Agent determines that by reason of force majeure or act of state occurring after 
the Trade Date it becomes impossible for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Notes, it 
may notify the Issuer and may either (i) take the action described in Condition 7(o)(B)(a) or, if 
applicable, (c) or (d) (save that references to "Additional Disruption Event" and/or "Optional 
Additional Disruption Event", as applicable will be deemed to be references to "force majeure") or 
(ii) request the Issuer to redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes and shall give notice of 
redemption to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
If the Issuer redeems the Notes then the Issuer will: 
(A) 
if ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, pay an amount to each Noteholder equal to the Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 7(e)(vii) as if ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind 
Costs were applicable which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Note, taking 
into account such force majeure or act of state, provided that no account will be taken of 
costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem the Notes at their fair 
market value) and no such costs shall be deducted; or

--- Page 609 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 609 - 
(B) 
if Annex ERE is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if and to the extent 
possible or practicable redeem all but not some only of the Notes, each Note being redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with Condition 7(e) (or, where Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional 
Value Repack Securities) applies, Collateral Linked Condition 1).  For the purposes of 
determining the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 7(e) (or Collateral 
Linked Condition 1, as the case may be), it shall be deemed that an Annex Early Redemption 
Event has occurred. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes (Notices). 
(w)
Physical Settlement 
Where Physical Settlement upon Physical Delivery Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, Condition 7(w)(i) will apply and if Physical Settlement upon Early Redemption is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 7(w)(ii) shall apply. 
(i) 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Physical Delivery Event has occurred 
and no Early Redemption Event has occurred, then the Issuer (or an agent acting on the 
Issuer’s behalf) shall as soon as reasonably practicable give notice of that event to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty, and on the Unwind Date, the Issuer will deliver, in respect of each Note, the 
Entitlement in respect of such Note in accordance with Condition 7(w)(iii).  Upon the 
occurrence of a Physical Delivery Event and the delivery of the Entitlement to the 
Noteholders, no termination of the Swap Agreement will occur in respect of such event but 
each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date with a Final Redemption Amount equal 
to an amount equal to the Final Swap Payment.  For, the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes 
of calculating the interest amount payable (if any) in respect of a Note on any Interest 
Payment Date following the occurrence of a Physical Delivery Event, the nominal amount 
of the Note shall be equal to its original Specified Denomination (subject to no Early 
Redemption Event having occurred).  No Event of Default shall arise as a result of the 
occurrence of a Physical Delivery Event unless the Issuer fails to deliver the relevant 
Entitlements in accordance with Condition 7(w)(iii).  Where the Calculation Agent 
determines that occurrence of an Early Redemption Event also constitutes a Physical 
Delivery Event such event shall be treated as a Physical Delivery Event in accordance with 
this Condition 7(w). 
As used in this Condition 7(w)(i): 
"Final Swap Payment" means a pro rata share of an amount equal to the payment which 
is paid by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement on or prior to the 
scheduled Maturity Date of the Notes the quantum of which is determined in whole or part 
by reference to the performance of the relevant Underlying Reference (as defined in 
Condition 7(r)) (an "Underlying Reference Linked Payment") disregarding the effect of 
any payment netting or set off and excluding any such amounts paid by the Swap 
Counterparty which are used by the Issuer to fund payments of interest on the Notes or if 
there is no such Underlying Reference Linked Payment due under the Swap Agreement, 
zero; 
"Physical Delivery Event" means the occurrence of one or more of a Reference Securities 
Regulatory Event, Reference Securities Restructuring Event and Regulatory Ratio Delivery 
Event; 
"Reference Securities Regulatory Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(x);

--- Page 610 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 610 - 
"Reference Securities Restructuring Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 
7(l)(ix); 
"Regulatory Ratio Delivery Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (i) the 
Relevant Regulator has informed the Reference Security Issuer that the Reference Securities 
are, or are likely to be, an impediment to resolution of the Reference Security Issuer 
pursuant to the Resolution Rules, (ii) the Reference Securities do not comply with the 
criteria applicable to eligible liabilities and are or are likely to be, excluded from the eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements of BNP Paribas according to 
the Relevant Rules as a consequence or (iii) the Reference Securities are deemed to fall 
outside the category of obligations described in article L.613-30-3-I-4°of the French Code 
monétaire et financier; and 
"Unwind Date" means the date notified to the Noteholders by, or on behalf of, the Issuer 
in the notice giving notice of the occurrence of one or more Physical Delivery Event and 
which date must be not less than two Business Days after the date on which such notice is 
given. 
(ii) 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, an Early Redemption Event has occurred 
in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that Physical Delivery applies (a 
"Physical Delivery Early Redemption Event"), it shall notify the Issuer, and the Issuer 
(or an agent acting on the Issuer’s behalf) shall give notice of the early redemption of the 
Notes to the holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) and the Trustee, 
and, on the date specified for redemption (which must be not less than 15 calendar days nor 
more than 30 calendar days after the date on which such notice is given by the Issuer) (the 
"Early Redemption Date"), the Issuer will deliver in respect of each Note the Entitlement 
in respect of such Note accordance with Condition 7(w)(iii) (where no prior Physical 
Delivery Event has occurred), together with payment of a pro rata share of the Physical 
Delivery Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Note.  Redemption of the Notes on 
the Early Redemption Date will extinguish all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes. For 
the avoidance of doubt, if any Early Redemption Event occurs which is not a Physical 
Delivery Early Redemption Event, such Early Redemption Event shall be governed by 
Condition 7(l) and not this Condition 7(w). 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(w)(ii), "Physical Delivery Early Redemption 
Amount" means an amount equal to any termination payment received by the Issuer under 
the relevant Swap Agreement and any amounts received from the realisation of the Charged 
Assets (other than the Reference Securities) after the deduction of any fees (including, 
without limitation, any legal fees), costs, expenses and taxes of the Issuer and, if applicable, 
any Delivery Agent, in respect of the delivery of the Reference Securities and the early 
redemption of the Notes, any due and unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Trustee and 
the Agents and any amounts due to be paid to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement. 
(iii) 
Following the occurrence of a Physical Delivery Event or Physical Delivery Early 
Redemption Event, any delivery of the Entitlement shall take place in accordance with 
Condition 6(b).  For the purposes of Condition 6(b)(C), following any Physical Delivery 
Early Redemption Event, the Expenses payable by a Noteholder shall be calculated after 
the application of any termination payment received by the Issuer from the Swap 
Counterparty to pay such Expenses (and the Physical Delivery Early Redemption Amount 
shall be reduced accordingly).  The provisions of Condition 6(b)(i)(E) shall not apply to the 
Notes unless Settlement Disruption Event is specified to be applicable to Physical Delivery 
Events and/or Early Redemption Events in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 611 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 611 - 
(iv) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7(w) (and where such term is used in Condition 6): 
"Entitlement" means, in respect of each Note, a pro rata share of the Reference Securities 
then held by the Issuer or, where applicable, any securities or other assets resulting from the 
conversion of the Reference Securities into other securities ("Alternative Securities"); and 
"Relevant Assets" means the Reference Securities and/or, as the case may be, any 
Alternative Securities. 
(x)
Autoroll
If Autoroll is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(a)
Autoroll Standard is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an Autoroll Event occurs, 
any of (i) the Final Payout and its related provisions, (ii) the Knock-in Event or Knock-out 
Event, as applicable, and its related provisions, (iii) the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
and its related provisions, (iv) the Strike Date, (v) the Coupon Payout and its related 
provisions and/or (vi) the Maturity Date, will be amended to the corresponding (i) Rolled 
Final Payout and its related provisions, (ii) Rolled Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event and 
its related provisions, (iii) Rolled Automatic Early Redemption Event and its related 
provisions, (iv) Rolled Strike Date, (v) Rolled Coupon Payout and its related provisions or 
(vi) Rolled Maturity Date, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after 
the Autoroll Date immediately following the SPS AR Valuation Date or SPS AR Valuation 
Period, as applicable, on or in respect of which the Autoroll Event occurs;  
(b)
Autoroll Lock is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an Autoroll Event occurs, any 
level specified in the applicable Final Terms (each such level a "Rolling Level") in respect 
of (i) the Final Payout and its related provisions, (ii) the Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event 
and its related provisions, (iii) the Automatic Early Redemption Event and its related 
provisions and/or (iv) the Coupon Payout and its related provisions, will be amended to (x) 
if Autoroll Lock Product is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of such 
originally designated level and the relevant Locked Level or (y) if Autoroll Lock Divide is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such originally designated level divided by the 
relevant Locked Level, on and after the Autoroll Date immediately following the SPS AR 
Valuation Date or SPS AR Valuation Period, in respect of which the Autoroll Event occurs; 
or 
(c)
Autoroll Shift is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an Autoroll Event occurs, any 
level specified in the applicable Final Terms (each such level a "Rolling Level") in respect 
of (i) the Final Payout and its related provisions, (ii) the Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event 
and its related provisions, (iii) the Automatic Early Redemption Event and its related 
provisions and/or (iv) the Coupon Payout and its related provisions, will be amended to the 
relevant Shifted Level, on and after the Autoroll Date immediately following the SPS AR 
Valuation Date or SPS AR Valuation Period, as applicable, on or in respect of which the 
Autoroll Event occurs. 
Notice of any amendment to any Rolling Level pursuant to (b) or (c) above will be given to Holders 
of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the Notes. 
Where: 
"Autoroll Date" means each date specified as such or determined pursuant to the provisions of the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Autoroll Event" means that:

--- Page 612 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 612 - 
(a)
if  Autoroll Standard is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the SPS AR Value is (i) 
"greater than", (ii) "equal to or greater than", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to", 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Autoroll Level, (x) on a SPS AR Valuation 
Date or (y) in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b)
if Autoroll Lock is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the SPS AR Value is (i) "greater 
than", (ii) "equal to or greater than", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to", as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of the Lock Levels (x) on a SPS AR Valuation 
Date or (y) in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Period; or 
(c)
if Autoroll Shift is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the SPS AR Value is (i) "greater 
than", (ii) "equal to or greater than", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to", as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Shifted Level(t-1), (x) on a SPS AR Valuation 
Date or (y) in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Autoroll Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Cap Shifted Level" means the Cap Percentage; 
"Coupon Payout" means a payout set out in Payout Condition 1.1 or Payout 2.1; 
"Floor Shifted Level" means the Floor Percentage; 
"Lock Level [1]/[2]/[3]/[4]" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Locked Level" means: 
(a)
if Lowest Lock Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, where the SPS AR Value 
in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Date or SPS AR Valuation Period, as applicable, is less 
than a Lock Level, but greater than or equal to the next lowest Lock Level, the lower of 
those two Lock Levels; or 
(b)
if Highest Lock Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, where the SPS AR Value 
in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Date or SPS AR Valuation Period, as applicable, is less 
than a Lock Level, but greater than or equal to the next lowest Lock Level, the higher of 
those two Lock Levels; 
"Shifted Level(0)" means the relevant Rolling Level or other number, amount, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Shifted Level(t-1)" means, in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Date or a SPS AR Valuation Period, 
as applicable, the Shifted Level in respect of the immediately preceding SPS AR Valuation Date or 
SPS AR Valuation Period, as applicable, or if none, Shifted Level(0); 
"Shifted Level" means: 
(a)
in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Date, the SPS AR Value in respect of such SPS AR 
Valuation Date; or 
(b)
in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Period, and:

--- Page 613 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 613 - 
(i) if Lowest Shifted Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest SPS 
AR Value on any SPS AR Valuation Date in such SPS AR Valuation Period; 
(ii) if Highest Shifted Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the highest SPS 
AR Value on any SPS AR Valuation Date in such SPS AR Valuation Period; or 
(iii) if neither Lowest Shifted Level or Highest Shifted Level is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then SPS AR Value in respect of such SPS AR Valuation 
Period, 
provided that, the Shifted Level in respect of such SPS AR Valuation Date or SPS AR Valuation 
Period, as applicable, will not be (i) less than the Floor Shifted Level or (ii) greater than the Cap 
Shifted Level; 
"SPS AR Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Underlying Interest 
Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS AR Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
"SPS AR Value" means, in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Date or a SPS AR Valuation Period, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(y)
Suspension of payments
Where "Suspension of Payments" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Suspension Event has occurred, no payment of principal or 
interest shall be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes during the Suspension Period as set out 
in Condition 5(k) (in the case of interest) or Condition 7(a) (in the case of principal).  If, at any time 
during the Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent determines that an Early Redemption Event 
has occurred, then the provisions of Condition 7(l) shall apply. In determining whether a payment 
failure has (or may have) occurred, the Calculation Agent may rely on evidence of non-receipt of 
funds. For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Suspension Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist which may (assuming 
the expiration of any applicable grace period) amount to (a) an Asset Payment Default Event 
(disregarding any terms allowing for non-payment, deferral or adjustments to any scheduled 
payments and any notice period in respect thereof) in respect of any relevant Reference Securities 
(where Asset Payment Default Event is specified as an Early Redemption Event in respect of the 
relevant Notes),or (b) to an Asset Default Event in respect of any relevant Reference Securities 
(where Asset Default Event is specified as an Early Redemption Event in respect of the relevant 
Notes) or (c) an RCA Payment Default Event as if No Grace Period had been specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (and disregarding any terms allowing for non-payment, deferral or 
adjustments to any scheduled payments and any notice period in respect thereof) in respect of any 
relevant Reference Securities (where Annex 12 (Additional Terms for Notional Value Repack 
Securities) is applicable and RCA Payment Default Event is specified as an Early Redemption Event 
in respect of the relevant Notes); 
"Suspension Period" means, where" Suspension of Payments" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the period commencing on the Suspension Period Start Date and with a 
duration equal to: 
(a) 
if no period is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Suspension Period, the longer 
of (i) ten Business Days and (ii) the grace period applicable to the relevant Reference

--- Page 614 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 614 - 
Securities (determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Reference Securities); or 
(b) 
the period specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Suspension Period; and 
"Suspension Period Start Date" means the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Suspension Event has occurred. 
(z)
Open End Notes
If "Open End" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, unless the Notes have previously 
been redeemed or purchased and cancelled: 
(i)
unless the Notes are specified as "Put/Call Open End" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Note will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date of such Open End Notes, which will, 
notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, be the date falling (5) five Business Days 
after the relevant Averaging Date, Observation Date, Strike Date or, as applicable, 
Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that the relevant Averaging 
Date, Observation Date, Strike Date or Valuation Date so determined by the Calculation 
Agent is notified to the Noteholders at the latest ten (10) Business Days prior to the 
contemplated date in accordance with Condition 18; or 
(ii)
if the Securities are specified as "Put/Call Open End Notes" in the applicable Final Terms, 
each Note will be redeemed in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(b) or 7(c) as 
the case may be. 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of the Notes is not a Business Day, the noteholder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day and shall not be 
entitled to any further payment in respect of such delay.
8. 
Charged Assets 
(a) 
Compartment Assets
(i) 
In respect of any Series of Notes, "Compartment" shall mean the compartment created by 
the Board of the Issuer pursuant to the Securitisation Act 2004 under which the Notes are 
to be issued. Each Compartment will comprise a pool of Issuer assets and liabilities separate 
from the pools of Issuer assets and liabilities relating to any other Compartments. In respect 
of any Series of Notes and any Related Notes, such assets will consist of the Charged Assets 
(as defined in Condition 8(c) (Compartment Security) below), which Charged Assets may 
include, inter alia, the assets specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Compartment 
Assets" or where such assets are converted into or exchanged for new assets, such new 
assets or, in each case any redemption or other proceeds received by the Issuer in respect 
thereof relating to such exchange or conversion (the "Compartment Assets") and which 
Compartment Assets may be specified in the applicable Final Terms to be "Reference 
Securities" or where such assets are converted into or exchanged for new assets, such new 
assets or, in each case any redemption or other proceeds received by the Issuer in respect 
thereof relating to such exchange or conversion (the "Reference Securities"). 
(ii) 
Subject to the Trust Deed (but without prejudice to the rights of the Issuer under Condition 
7(n) (Maturity Date Extension)), in order to meet any part of its obligations under the Notes 
or any Related Notes in respect of (A) any redemption thereof, (B) any Related Agreements

--- Page 615 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 615 - 
or "Related Agreements" (as defined under the terms and conditions of any such Related 
Notes), (C) any agreements for the purchase of the Notes or Related Notes or (D) any other 
payments (if any) due from the Issuer under these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed in 
relation to the Notes or Related Notes), the Issuer may, at any time, procure the liquidation 
of some or all of the Compartment Assets provided that (1) where such liquidation relates 
to a Multi-Series Compartment where there are Related Notes outstanding and (2) the 
Compartment Asset Coverage Test is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall not liquidate any Compartment Asset where such liquidation would 
mean that the Compartment Asset Coverage Test would be breached (determined as of the 
date of the relevant liquidation) in respect of any remaining Notes and/or Related Notes. 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage" means 100 per cent. or such other percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms of (a) the aggregate principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes and Related Notes remaining after the purchase or redemption of Notes referred 
to in this Condition 8(a)(ii) or, as applicable, the issue of Further Notes or Related Notes 
referred to in Condition 16 or (b) if Compartment Asset Coverage Market Value Percentage 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the market value (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) of the Notes and Related Notes remaining after the purchase or 
redemption of Notes referred to in this Condition (a)(ii) or, as applicable, the issue of Further 
Notes or Related Notes referred to in Condition 16.  
"Compartment Asset Coverage Test" means (a) where Compartment Asset Coverage 
Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the market value of 
the Compartment Assets held in respect of the relevant Compartment (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) is equal to or greater than the Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage 
or (b) where Compartment Asset Coverage Nominal Value is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the nominal amount of the Compartment Assets held in respect of 
the relevant Compartment (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is equal to or greater 
than the applicable Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage. 
(iii) 
In accordance with the Securitisation Act 2004, the Charged Assets are available 
exclusively to satisfy the rights of the Secured Parties (as defined in Condition 8(e) 
(Application of Proceeds)). 
(iv) 
In connection with the issue of the Notes and any Related Notes there may be executed one 
or more interest rate and/or currency exchange agreements, credit default swap agreements, 
swap agreements exchanging payment flows on an asset, total return swap agreements, 
option agreements and/or other derivative transactions (each a "Swap Agreement") 
between the Issuer and one or more swap counterparties (each a "Swap Counterparty") 
and one or more deposit agreements (each a "Deposit Agreement") between the Issuer and 
one or more deposit counterparties (each a "Deposit Counterparty"), one or more collateral 
exchange agreements (each a "Collateral Exchange Agreement") between the Issuer and 
one or more collateral exchange counterparties (each a "Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty") and one or more repurchase agreements (each a "Repurchase 
Agreement") with BNP Paribas or BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. as specified in the Final 
Terms (each a "Repo Counterparty" and, together with each Swap Counterparty, each 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty and Deposit Counterparty, each a "Counterparty").  In 
addition, in connection with any issue of Notes and Related Notes, the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty may enter into a credit support annex, credit support deed or pledge or such 
other security interest governed by the law of such jurisdiction as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms over collateral in favour of the Issuer in connection with any relevant Swap 
Agreement (a "Credit Support Annex", a "Credit Support Deed" and a "Pledge"

--- Page 616 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 616 - 
respectively and, together with the Swap Agreement, the Deposit Agreement, the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement and the Repurchase Agreement, the "Related Agreements"). 
(v) 
The Issuer may enter into one or more Related Agreement(s) including a Swap Agreement.  
Under the Swap Agreement payments will be made on Swap Business Days.  Where in the 
applicable Issue Deed any of the Swap Agreement, Repurchase Agreement, Collateral 
Exchange Agreement or Deposit Agreement are specified to be not applicable, references 
in these Terms and Conditions to such document or agreement and to any Swap 
Counterparty, Repo Counterparty, Collateral Exchange Counterparty or Counterparty, as 
the case may be, shall not be applicable. 
(b) 
Custodian; Custody Account; Account Bank; Compartment Account  
(i)  
Each Custody Account (as defined below), together with such Compartment Assets as are 
capable of being so held, will be held by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer, and each 
Compartment Account (as defined below) will be held by the Account Bank, in each case 
on and subject to (A) the terms and conditions of the Agency Agreement, (B) the 
Securitisation Act 2004 and (C) in the cases of the Compartment Assets, the Custody 
Account and the Compartment Account, the terms and conditions of the Compartment 
Security created pursuant to the Trust Deed and/or any Additional Security Document.  The 
Issuer reserves the right to replace the Custodian at any time, but only with the prior written 
consent of the Trustee and in accordance with (x) the provisions of the Securitisation Act 
2004 and (y) the relevant CSSF instructions and/or guidelines.  Notice of such change shall 
be given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).  If it is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms that there is a Sub-Custodian in relation to the Compartment 
Assets, such Sub-Custodian (which expression shall include any additional or successor 
sub-custodians from time to time appointed) shall hold such Compartment Assets as are 
capable of being so held on behalf of the Custodian, on and subject to the terms of an 
agreement between the Sub-Custodian and the Custodian.  References herein to the 
"Custodian" shall, as the context requires, be construed as references to the Custodian, the 
Sub-Custodian and/or any additional or successor custodians appointed from time to time.   
(ii)  
If the Charged Assets of the Issuer in respect of a Compartment include Compartment 
Assets, in respect of such Compartment the Custodian (on behalf of the Issuer) shall 
establish and maintain an account in the name of the Issuer (the "Custody Account") with 
a bank or other financial institution (which shall be the Custodian unless an alternative 
financial institution is specified in the applicable Final Terms). The Custody Account for 
the Compartment shall be entirely separate from any other accounts of the Issuer and the 
Custodian, including, without limitation, the accounts established in connection with any 
other Compartment(s).  Such Compartment Assets shall only be removed from the Custody 
Account at such times and in such amounts as are contemplated in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Trust Deed or in order for the Issuer (or any appointee on its behalf) and 
the Trustee (or any receiver) to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes and the 
Related Notes, Related Agreements and pursuant to the Trust Deed.   
(iii)  
Where Compartment Account is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of the relevant Compartment, the Issuer shall establish and maintain one or more 
account in the name of the Issuer (the "Compartment Account") with a bank or other 
financial institution (which shall be the financial institution specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, unless no such financial institution is specified in which case it shall be the Account 
Bank). The Compartment Account for the Compartment shall be entirely separate from any 
other accounts of the Issuer and the Account Bank, including, without limitation, the 
accounts established in connection with any other Compartment(s).  Amounts standing to 
the credit of the Compartment Account shall only be removed from the Compartment

--- Page 617 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 617 - 
Account at such times and in such amounts as are contemplated in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Trust Deed or in order for the Issuer (or any appointee on its behalf) and 
the Trustee (or any receiver) to fulfil their respective obligations under the Notes or Related 
Agreements and pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(c) 
Compartment Security
(i) 
The Issuer has (as specified in the Trust Deed relating to the Notes and any Related Notes 
or in another relevant security document relating to the Notes and any Related Notes), 
assigned or created a first fixed charge, and/or other security interest, in each case in favour 
of the Trustee for itself and as trustee for the Secured Parties, over or in respect of:  
(A) 
the present and future Compartment Assets relating to the relevant Compartment 
and all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in respect 
of sums derived from the present and future Compartment Assets relating to the 
relevant Compartment (including, without limitation, any proceeds of the sale 
thereof);  
(B) 
(x) the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under 
all sums held by the Agents, the Account Bank (including sums standing to the 
credit of the Compartment Account) and the Custodian to meet payments due in 
respect of the Notes relating to the relevant Compartment (the "Cash Assets"); (y) 
any sums of money, securities or other property received or receivable by the Issuer 
under any Related Agreement (including, without limitation, any Swap Agreement, 
any Deposit Agreement and any Repurchase Agreement) relating to the relevant 
Compartment; and (z) all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present 
and future, as against the Custodian in respect of any sum standing to the credit of 
the Custody Account (as defined in Condition 8(b) (Custodian; Custody Account, 
Account Bank; Compartment Account) relating to the relevant Compartment); and 
(C) 
the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under any 
Transaction Document (including without limitation any Swap Agreement, any 
Deposit Agreement and any Repurchase Agreement) and any agreement for the 
sale, transfer and/or delivery of assets relating to the relevant Compartment (as 
contemplated under Condition 8(a) (Compartment Assets)) and any sums received 
or receivable by the Issuer under any such agreement.   
(ii) 
If it is stated in the applicable Final Terms that the security for the Notes is "Charged Assets 
charged to Trustee; additional foreign law security", the Issuer has in the Trust Deed created 
the security specified in sub-paragraph (i) above and has, in addition and without prejudice 
to the security specified as aforesaid, executed in favour of the Trustee the pledge or security 
or other agreement or document specified in the applicable Final Terms (each an 
"Additional Security Document").  
(iii) 
The security described in sub-paragraph (i) and, as the case may be, sub-paragraph (ii) shall 
be referred to herein as the "Compartment Security" and the assets described in sub-
paragraph (i) and, as the case may be, sub-paragraph (ii) shall be referred to herein as the 
"Charged Assets".   
(d) 
General provisions relating to security
The Compartment Security constituted or created pursuant to the Trust Deed and any Additional 
Security Document will be granted to the Trustee for itself and for the other Secured Parties (as 
defined in Condition 8(e) (Application of Proceeds) as continuing security for (i) the payment of all 
sums due to the Trustee or any appointee or any receiver under the Trust Deed and/or any Additional

--- Page 618 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 618 - 
Security Document or due under the Notes, Coupons or Receipts and any Related Notes (and relative 
coupons and receipts), (ii) the performance of the Issuer's obligations under any Related Agreement 
(including any Swap Agreement) and (iii) the payment of all sums payable to the Agents pursuant 
to any provision of the Agency Agreement (including the provisions which require the Issuer to 
reimburse (and to pay interest on the amount reimbursed as provided in the Agency Agreement) to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Registrar for any amount paid out by the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, to the holders of Notes, Coupons or Receipts before 
receipt of the corresponding amount due from the Issuer). 
(e) 
Application of Proceeds
(i) 
The Trustee shall (subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed) apply all moneys received 
by it under the provisions of the Trust Deed and any Additional Security Document in 
connection with the realisation or enforcement as described in Condition 12 (Enforcement 
and Realisation) of the Compartment Security constituted by or pursuant to the Trust Deed 
and any Additional Security Document and/or the Reference Securities in the manner set 
out in Condition 12(b) (where Condition 12(b) is applicable) in accordance with the Order 
of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms (such amounts being the "Available 
Enforcement Proceeds").   
(ii) 
By subscribing to or otherwise acquiring the Notes, each Noteholder expressly consents to 
the provisions of this Condition 8(e), the order of priority specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Order of Priority") and the limitation of its rights in accordance with article 
64 of the Securitisation Act 2004 and is deemed to have accepted and agreed to such 
provisions and the consequences thereof.  If no Order of Priority is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Order of Priority shall be Swap Counterparty Priority as set out 
below. 
(iii) 
If: 
(A) 
"Swap Counterparty Priority" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Available Enforcement Proceeds and/or the Reference Securities in the manner set 
out in Condition 12(b) (where Condition 12(b) is applicable) shall be applied as 
follows: 
(1) 
first, the proceeds of realisation of the securities held in the Compartment 
Account will be applied to the extent required to meet any termination 
payment due to the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement 
(if any); 
(2) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Trustee's remuneration and the 
fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts in the Trust Deed in relation 
to the Notes and any Related Notes (including, but not limited to, any taxes 
required to be paid and the costs of realising any security and payment of 
any indemnity claims of the Trustee); 
(3) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of each of the Agents' fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities incurred pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement; 
(4) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty 
under each Swap Agreement relating to the Notes and the Related Notes
and the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under Collateral Exchange 
Agreement (if any) relating to the Notes and the Related Notes.  If the moneys

--- Page 619 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 619 - 
received by the Trustee are not enough to pay such amounts in full, the 
Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each 
party entitled to such payment; 
 (5) 
fifthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Receipts and the holders of any Related Notes (and, in the 
case of Related Notes in definitive form, the holders of coupons and 
receipts pertaining to the Related Notes). If the moneys received by the 
Trustee are not enough to pay such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply 
them pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such 
payment; and 
(6) 
sixthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
(B) 
"Pari Passu Ranking" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Available 
Enforcement Proceeds and/or the Reference Securities in the manner set out in 
Condition 12(b) (where Condition 12(b) is applicable) shall be applied as follows: 
(1) 
first, the proceeds of realisation of the securities held in the Compartment 
Account will be applied to the extent required to meet any termination 
payment due to the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement 
(if any); 
(2) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Trustee's remuneration and the 
fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts in the Trust Deed in relation 
to the Notes and any Related Notes (including, but not limited to, any taxes 
required to be paid and the costs of realising any security and payment of 
any indemnity claims of the Trustee); 
(3) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of each of the Agents' fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities incurred pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement; 
(4) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty 
under each Swap Agreement relating to the Notes and the Related Notes, 
the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under Collateral Exchange 
Agreement (if any) relating to the Notes and the Related Notes, the holders 
of Notes, Coupons and Receipts and the holders of any Related Notes (and, 
in the case of Related Notes in definitive form, the holders of coupons and 
receipts pertaining to the Related Notes). If the moneys received by the 
Trustee are not enough to pay such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply 
them pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such 
payment; and 
(5) 
fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; and 
(C) 
"Noteholder Priority" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Available 
Enforcement Proceeds and/or the Reference Securities in the manner set out in 
Condition 12(b) (where Condition 12(b) is applicable) shall be applied as follows: 
(1) 
first, the proceeds of realisation of the securities held in the Compartment 
Account will be applied to the extent required to meet any termination 
payment due to the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement 
(if any);

--- Page 620 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 620 - 
(2) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Trustee's remuneration and the 
fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts in the Trust Deed in relation 
to the Notes and the Related Notes (including, but not limited to, any taxes 
required to be paid and the costs of realising any security and payment of 
any indemnity claims of the Trustee); 
(3) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of each of the Agents' fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities incurred pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement; 
(4) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the holders of Notes, 
Coupons and Receipts and the holders of any Related Notes (and, in the 
case of Related Notes in definitive form, the holders of coupons and 
receipts pertaining to the Related Notes). If the moneys received by the 
Trustee are not enough to pay such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply 
them pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such 
payment; 
(5) 
fifthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty 
under each Swap Agreement relating to the Notes and any Related Notes and 
the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under Collateral Exchange 
Agreement (if any) relating to the Notes and any Related Notes. If the 
moneys received by the Trustee are not enough to pay such amounts in 
full, the Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of the amount due 
to each party entitled to such payment; and 
(6) 
sixthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
"Secured Parties" means each of the Trustee, any receiver, the Noteholders, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty (if any), the Collateral Exchange Counterparty (if any) 
and the Agents (each, a "Secured Party"). 
(f) 
Compartment Assets substitution by Swap Counterparty
Where this Condition 8(f) is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms then the Compartment 
Assets may be substituted in whole or in part by the Swap Counterparty.  
The Swap Counterparty may substitute the Compartment Assets for:  
(i) 
either securities denominated in the currency specified in the Final Terms issued by the 
entity specified as the eligible collateral issuer (each, an "Eligible Compartment Assets 
Issuer") in the Final Terms ("Eligible Compartment Assets Issuer Obligations"); or  
(ii) 
such other securities, obligations or an amount of cash in the currency in which the principal 
amount of the existing Compartment Assets is expressed to be payable where "Alternative 
Substitution" is specified in the Final Terms.  
The new securities, obligations or cash to be substituted must be in a principal amount equal (or, if 
in another currency, the equivalent to the principal amount of the currency in which the Compartment 
Assets are expressed to be payable, as determined on the date of such substitution by the Swap 
Counterparty in its sole discretion) to the then fair market valuation of the Notes as determined by 
the Swap Counterparty (or, in the case of a substitution or redemption of part only of the 
Compartment Assets, of the relevant proportion thereof as at the date of such substitution).

--- Page 621 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 621 - 
The securities, obligations or cash which may be substituted for the Compartment Assets shall be 
delivered (or paid, in the case of cash) by the Swap Counterparty to the Custodian or such other 
relevant Counterparty.  
By making any substitution pursuant to this Condition 8(f) the Swap Counterparty shall be deemed 
to agree with the Issuer and the Trustee that its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement shall 
continue in full force and effect irrespective of such substitution and that no termination or 
adjustment to its obligations thereunder shall occur as a consequence of such substitution.  
The Trustee shall, upon notice from the Swap Counterparty (upon which the Trustee may rely 
without further enquiry) that the conditions for substitution referred to in this Condition 8(f) are met, 
release the Compartment Assets to be substituted from the security created in respect of it under the 
Trust Deed. The Issuer, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty will upon such substitution enter into 
such further documentation as may be required (if at all) by any applicable law and/or as may be 
required by the Trustee to give effect to the creation of security over any replacement securities, 
obligations or cash amounts in the manner set out in this Condition 8(f). 
References in these Conditions and the Trust Deed to "Compartment Assets" shall be deemed to 
include any substituted Compartment Assets and references to "Charged Assets" shall be deemed 
to include any additional assets or rights charged or assigned in favour of the Trustee pursuant to 
such substitution.  
Where "Substitution Notification" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall give 
notice of any substitution to Noteholders under this Condition 8(f) in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) and, in relation to any Notes listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (or if listed on another stock exchange to such other stock exchange) and will, if 
required by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (or of such other stock exchange), prepare 
a supplement to any applicable prospectus or such other documents as may be required.  
If this Condition 8(f) is applicable, the Trustee and any Noteholders may at any time require the 
Issuer to notify them of the composition of the Compartment Assets at such time.  
The Swap Counterparty may substitute the Compartment Assets in accordance with this Condition 
8(f) without regard to the projected market value of substitute securities or obligations.  There is no 
guarantee that the value of such Compartment Assets in the event of termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement, taking into account any termination payment due under such Swap Agreement to or from 
the Swap Counterparty, will equal or exceed the principal amount of the Notes.  
(g) 
Compartment Assets substitution under a Credit Support Annex, Credit Support Deed or Pledge 
Where the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into a Credit Support Annex in respect of 
any Swap Agreement, then the Compartment Assets may be substituted in whole or in part by the 
Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex.  
The securities, obligations or cash which may be substituted for the Compartment Assets shall be 
delivered (or paid, in the case of cash) by the Swap Counterparty to the Custodian (or, where an 
alternative bank or institution is specified as custodian for the Compartment Assets in the applicable 
Final Terms, to such entity) or such other relevant Counterparty.  
By making any substitution pursuant to this Condition 8(g), the Swap Counterparty shall be deemed 
to agree with the Issuer and the Trustee that its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement shall 
continue in full force and effect irrespective of such substitution and that no termination or 
adjustment to its obligations thereunder shall occur as a consequence of such substitution.

--- Page 622 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 622 - 
In the case of Compartment Assets substitution under a Credit Support Annex, the Trustee shall, 
upon notice from the Swap Counterparty (upon which the Trustee may rely without further enquiry) 
that the conditions for substitution referred to in this Condition 8(g) are met, release the 
Compartment Assets to be substituted from the security created in respect of it under the Trust Deed. 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty will upon such substitution enter into such further 
documentation as may be required (if at all) by any applicable law and/or as may be required by the 
Trustee to give effect to the creation of security over any replacement securities, obligations or cash 
amounts in the manner set out in this Condition 8(g). 
After any substitution, references in these Conditions and the Trust Deed to "Compartment Assets" 
shall be deemed to include any Compartment Assets substituted and references to "Charged Assets" 
shall be deemed to include any additional assets or rights charged or assigned in favour of the Trustee 
pursuant to such substitution.  
Where substitution of the Compartment Assets takes place in accordance with the terms of any credit 
support annex, the Issuer shall not be obliged to give notice of any substitution to Noteholders under 
this Condition 8(g). 
If this Condition 8(g) is applicable, the Trustee may at any time require the Issuer to notify it of the 
composition of the Compartment Assets at such time.  
Where the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into a Credit Support Deed in respect of 
any Swap Agreement, the collateral secured under the relevant Credit Support Deed may be 
substituted in whole or in part by the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Credit Support Deed.  
Where the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into a Pledge in respect of any Swap 
Agreement, the assets that are the subject of the relevant Pledge may be substituted in whole or in 
part by the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant Pledge.  
The Swap Counterparty may substitute the Compartment Assets in accordance with this Condition 
8(g) without regard to the projected market value of substitute securities or obligations.  There is no 
guarantee that the value of such Compartment Assets in the event of termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement, taking into account any termination payment due under such Swap Agreement to or from 
the Swap Counterparty, will equal or exceed the principal amount of the Notes. 
(h) 
Swap Counterparty optional termination
Where this Condition 8(h) is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Swap Counterparty 
may (unless it is the Defaulting Party under, and as defined in, the relevant Swap Agreement) opt to 
terminate a Swap Agreement in whole or in part in accordance with either or both of the methods set 
out below (as specified in the Final Terms).  
(i) 
Call option:
The Swap Counterparty may opt to terminate a Swap Agreement: 
in whole or in part on either:  
(A) 
any Interest Payment Date; or 
(B) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, on any other date,  
upon the number of Business Days' notice specified as being applicable in the Final Terms 
to the Issuer.

--- Page 623 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 623 - 
Such optional termination will lead to early redemption in whole or in part, as the case may 
be, of the Notes on the relevant Interest Payment Date (or, if applicable, on such other date) 
in the manner set out in Condition 7(f) (Redemption Following Swap Counterparty Optional 
Termination). 
(ii) 
Repurchase:  
The Swap Counterparty may opt to terminate a Swap Agreement (or where a Swap 
Agreement has been entered into respect of the Notes and one or more Series of Related 
Notes, the Series Transaction) upon service of written notice on the Issuer with a copy to 
the Trustee, in whole or in part and without payment by either party, if any of the Notes to 
which that transaction relates are purchased by or on behalf of the Swap Counterparty or 
any of its subsidiaries or affiliates ("Purchased Notes").  Where such option is exercised, 
such Swap Agreement, or as applicable, the Series Transaction will terminate pro rata in 
the proportion (the "Proportion") that the aggregate principal amount of the Purchased 
Notes bears to the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding immediately prior 
to the purchase of the Purchased Notes by the Swap Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries 
or affiliates. Upon service of such notice, the Swap Counterparty will be either (A) 
authorised by the Issuer to take delivery of and/or deliver and/or realise on the Issuer's behalf 
the Proportion of the Charged Assets (if any) charged to or otherwise secured in favour of 
the Trustee under the Trust Deed or (B) entitled to payment of an amount equal to the 
Proportion of the Charged Assets where the Charged Assets is constituted by cash 
("Realised Collateral"). The Realised Collateral will be payable or deliverable, as the case 
may be, by the Issuer to or to the order of the Swap Counterparty, in the contractual currency 
paid by the Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement or, if applicable, Series Transaction 
(where the Realised Collateral is not being delivered). Upon receipt of the Realised 
Collateral, the Swap Counterparty will deliver to the Issuing and Paying Agent the 
Purchased Notes for cancellation. In such circumstances:  
(1) 
the Issuer will be deemed to have consented to the Trustee releasing the Realised 
Collateral to the Swap Counterparty upon termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement or, as applicable, the relevant Series Transaction in the manner 
described in this Condition 8(h);  
(2) 
where relevant, the Swap Counterparty, on behalf of the Issuer, will be deemed to 
be authorised by the Issuer to realise the Proportion of the Charged Assets; and  
(3) 
the Trustee will, unless an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default has 
occurred, be deemed to release the Realised Collateral from the security created in 
respect of it under the Trust Deed. 
Where "Initial Condition Precedent" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer's obligation to pay or procure the payment of the Initial Remittance under the 
Deposit Agreement or to purchase the relevant Reference Securities and to pay the purchase 
price under the Repurchase Agreement to buy the securities which will constitute the 
Reference Securities under the Repurchase Agreement, as the case may be, will be subject 
to the condition precedent that the Dealer has determined in its absolute discretion that it 
has received from the Acquiring Party an amount equal to the Initial Remittance by no later 
than the Initial Condition Precedent Time on the Initial Condition Precedent Date.  If the 
Dealer determines that it has not received such amounts, the Swap Counterparty may 
terminate the Swap Agreement, or, as applicable, the Series Transaction in accordance with 
this Condition 8(h)(ii) and the Issuer shall repurchase the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 8(h)(ii), which will lead to the termination of the Deposit Agreement (where 
applicable).

--- Page 624 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 624 - 
As used in this Condition 8(h)(ii), 
"Acquiring Party" means the Authorised Offeror or such other party specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Proceeds Amount" means each amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Proceeds Payer" means the Swap Counterparty or, if Alternative Additional 
Proceeds Payer is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Repo Counterparty; 
"Authorised Offeror" means the party specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Dealer" means the party specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Condition Precedent Date" means the Issue Date unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Condition Precedent Time" means 12.00 noon (Central European Time) unless 
specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Initial Remittance" means (a) where Full Proceeds is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 100 per cent. of the net proceeds of issue of the Notes (the "Full Proceeds 
Amount"), (b) where Partial Proceeds is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
proportion of the net proceeds of issue of the Securities less than 100 per cent. thereof (such 
lower amount, the "Partial Proceeds Amount") and (c) where either Full Proceeds or 
Partial Proceeds is specified and Additional Proceeds is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms either the Full Proceeds Amount or the Partial Proceeds Amount, as 
the case may be, plus the Additional Proceeds Amount paid to the Issuer by the Additional 
Proceeds Payer. 
(i) 
Residual Shortfall 
In the case of Notes (but without prejudice to the rights of a holder of Guaranteed Notes under the 
Guarantee), if the net proceeds of the realisation or enforcement of the Charged Assets created 
pursuant to the Trust Deed and/or any Additional Security Document in respect of the Charged 
Assets following payment of all prior ranking amounts (the "Net Proceeds") are not sufficient to 
make all payments due in respect of such Notes and any Related Notes, then:  
(i) 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Notes and any such Related Notes will be 
limited to such Net Proceeds and neither the Trustee nor any Secured Party nor anyone 
acting on behalf of any Secured Party shall have any claim in respect of any asset of the 
Issuer not forming part of the Charged Assets; and  
(ii) 
the Issuer will not be obliged to make any further payment in excess of the Net Proceeds 
and any Noteholder's right to receive any further sums in respect of any Residual Shortfall 
shall be extinguished in full, and neither the Trustee nor any Secured Party nor anyone 
acting on behalf of any Secured Party shall be entitled to take any further steps against the 
Issuer or the Trustee to recover any such Residual Shortfall.   
No Secured Party nor any party to the Trust Deed shall be entitled to petition or take any other step 
for the winding-up of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the opening of any bankruptcy 
(faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicia1 liquidation (insolvabilité liquidation volontaire ou 
judiciaire,) composition with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from payment 
(sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion contrôlée), fraudulent conveyance (actio 
pauliana), general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings

--- Page 625 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 625 - 
affecting the rights of creditors generally) or the appointment of an examiner in respect of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, the appointment of any receiver (curateur) (except any receiver 
appointed by the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed), liquidator (liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), 
verifier (expert-vérificateur), deputy judge (juge délégué) or reporting judge (juge commissaire)).  
Failure by the Issuer to make any payment in respect of any Residual Shortfall shall in no 
circumstances constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11 (Events of Default). 
In this Condition, "Residual Shortfall" means the difference, if any, between the Net Proceeds and 
the aggregate amount which would have been due under the Notes but for the operation of this 
Condition 8(i). 
(j) 
Issuer's rights as holder of Compartment Assets
The Issuer may exercise any rights in its capacity as holder of the Compartment Assets (including, 
without limitation, a right to vote or any analogous right howsoever described) only with the consent 
of the Trustee (or as directed in writing by the respective holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding and at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of each series of  
Related Notes then outstanding or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders and 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each series of Related Notes) and (except in relation 
to the Swap Agreement) the Swap Counterparty and, if such direction is given, the Issuer will act in 
accordance with such directions, unless such instructions are in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer 
contrary to applicable laws, regulations and/or circular letters issued by the Issuer's supervisory 
authority or materially detrimental to the interests of the Issuer. In particular, the Issuer will not 
attend or vote at any meeting of holders of the Compartment Assets, or give any consent or 
notification or make any declaration in relation to the Compartment Assets, save with the consent of 
the Trustee (or as directed in writing by the respective holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal 
amount of Notes then outstanding and at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of each series of  
Related Notes then outstanding or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of each of the 
Noteholders and by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each series of Related Notes) and 
the Swap Counterparty. In the event of a conflict between the instructions of the Trustee (or the 
Noteholders and, where applicable, the holders of each series of Related Notes) and the Swap 
Counterparty, the instructions of the Instructing Party will prevail. 
In these Conditions "Instructing Party" means if "Swap Counterparty Priority" applies the Swap 
Counterparty (except in relation to the Swap Agreement, or where it is the Defaulting Party under, 
and as defined in, the relevant Swap Agreement, in which case the Instructing Party will be the 
Noteholders) and if either "Noteholder Priority" or "Pari-Passu Ranking" applies, the Noteholders 
or, in the case of Notes issued through a Multi-Series Compartment, means, if "Swap Counterparty 
Priority" applies, the Swap Counterparty (except in relation to the Swap Agreement, or where it is 
the defaulting party under the Swap Agreement, in which case the Instructing Party will be the 
Noteholders, and if either "Noteholder Priority", or "Pari-Passu Ranking" applies, the Noteholders, 
provided that, if more than one series of notes has been issued through the Compartment through 
which the Notes have been issued, where the Instructing Party would otherwise be the Noteholders, 
it shall the holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding and at 
least 25 per cent. in principal amount of each series of Related Notes then outstanding, or as directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of such Noteholders and by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
holders of each series of Related Notes. 
(k) 
Swap termination 
Notwithstanding the terms of Condition 8(j) (Issuer's rights as holder of Compartment Assets), 
where "Swap Termination Without Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and where an Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) occurs under the Swap 
Agreement in circumstances where the Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the

--- Page 626 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 626 - 
Swap Agreement), following notification of such Event of Default by the Issuer to the Trustee (a 
"Swap Default"), the Trustee shall promptly, and in any event not later than five Business Days after 
such notification, instruct the Issuer to deliver, in respect of the Swap Agreement (where such 
agreement is constituted by a 2002 Master Agreement published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "Master Agreement") and schedule thereto and any confirmations 
thereunder), a notice under Section 6(a) of the Master Agreement designating an Early Termination 
Date (as defined in the Swap Agreement).  In such circumstances, the Issuer (with the consent of the 
Trustee) may appoint an agent (a "Termination Agent") to assist it in terminating the Swap 
Agreement and making any calculations necessary in connection with such termination.  A pro rata 
share of the amount, if any and subject to a minimum of zero, equal to (i) the sum of (1) the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) received by the Issuer under the Swap 
Agreement, (2) any interest which has accrued on the amount received by the Issuer (which may be 
a positive or negative amount) and (3) the Unused Charged Assets Proceeds less (ii) the costs and 
expenses of the Trustee and any costs and expenses of the Termination Agent incurred in connection 
with the termination of the Swap Agreement shall be paid by the Issuer to the Noteholders on a pro 
rata and pari passu basis on the Maturity Date.  If the Issuer does not receive the Early Termination 
Amount on or prior to the Maturity Date, Condition 7(n) will apply. For the purposes of this 
Condition 8(k), "Unused Charged Assets Proceeds" means any amounts received by the Issuer 
from the Charged Assets other than the Swap Agreement which have not been used on or prior to 
the Maturity Date to pay interest and/or redemption amounts otherwise payable in respect of the 
Notes, amounts due to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (including in respect of 
any Early Termination Amount due to the Swap Counterparty) and/or any fees, costs or expenses 
due to the Trustee and/or any of the Agents. 
9. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons, or under the Guarantee, shall be made 
free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any tax authority unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law, including, without limitation, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto and any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 
871(m) of the Code, in which case the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall make all 
payments net of such withholding or deduction.  Such withholding or deduction shall not constitute 
an Event of Default under Condition 11.  
In addition, and if the Securities are deemed to be Specified Securities (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the Code, in determining the amount of 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code imposed with respect to 
any amounts to be paid on the Notes, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend 
equivalent" payment (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at a rate of 30 per cent. 
Payments on the Notes that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may 
be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 per 
cent.  In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the Issuer may withhold, and the 
holder may be deemed to receive, 30 per cent. of any "dividend equivalent" payments (as defined in 
Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 627 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 627 - 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of 
materialised Notes (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the 
Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in 
accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation. 
10.  
Prescription 
Bearer Notes (and any relative Receipts and Coupons) and Registered Notes will become void unless 
presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the 
case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 9 (Taxation)).   
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 10 (Prescription) or 
Condition 6 (Payments) above. 
11. 
Events of Default 
(a)  
The Trustee at its discretion may (subject as provided in sub-paragraph (b) below), and if so 
requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes 
of any Series then outstanding, or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of such 
holders, shall, subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, 
give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) that the Notes are, and they shall 
accordingly forthwith become, immediately due and repayable at an amount equal to (unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms) the Liquidation Proceeds (such occurrence, a "Note 
Acceleration") upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an "Event of 
Default"): 
(i) 
a default is made for a period of 30 days or more in the payment of any sum due or 
the delivery of the Entitlement deliverable in respect of the Notes; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes or 
the Trust Deed and (unless such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of 
remedy in which case no such notice as is referred to in this paragraph shall be 
required) such failure continues for a period of 45 days (or such longer period as the 
Trustee may permit) following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied (and for these purposes, a failure to perform or 
observe an obligation shall be deemed to be remediable notwithstanding that the 
failure results from not doing an act or thing by a particular time); or  
(iii) 
in respect of any Related Notes, a "Note Acceleration" (as defined under the terms 
and conditions of such Related Notes) occurs; or 
(iv) 
any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-
up or dissolution of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the opening of any 
bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (insolvabilité, 
liquidation volontaire ou judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat préventif 
de faillite), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management 
(gestion contrôlée), fraudulent conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement with 
creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of 
creditors generally) or the appointment of a receiver of the Issuer (including, without 
limitation, the appointment of any receiver (curateur), liquidator (liquidateur), 
auditor (commissaire), verifier (expert-vérificateur), deputy judge (juge délégué) or

--- Page 628 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 628 - 
reporting judge (juge commissaire)) save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, 
consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms previously 
approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders; or  
(v) 
in the case of Guaranteed Notes, the Guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect in 
respect of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons, or notice is given by the Guarantor 
which would cause the Guarantee to cease to be in full force and effect in respect of 
such Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons, or is rendered void for any cause or by any 
means whatsoever or any legislation is introduced the result of which would be to 
remove the benefit of the Guarantee from the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons, or 
terminate or amend the same in a manner (in the opinion of the Trustee) materially 
adverse to the interests of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders, 
or the Guarantor is unable to perform its obligations thereunder for any reason.   
(b) 
If an Event of Default occurs by virtue of the operation of Condition 11(a)(iii) above: (i) a 
Note Acceleration for the purposes of the Notes shall be deemed to have occurred at the 
same time as the "Note Acceleration" (as such expression is defined in the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Related Notes) occurred for the purposes of the relevant Related 
Notes; and (ii) the Compartment Security constituted by or created pursuant to the Trust 
Deed and any Additional Security Document shall become enforceable as described in 
Condition 12 (Enforcement and Realisation; Physical Settlement upon Acceleration; 
Remedies). 
(c) 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee shall not be under any obligation to monitor 
whether or not an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default has occurred or is 
continuing. 
12. 
Enforcement and Realisation; Physical Settlement upon Acceleration; Remedies  
(a) 
Enforcement and Realisation
Upon the occurrence of a Note Acceleration under Condition 11 (Events of Default), the 
Compartment Security constituted by or created pursuant to the Trust Deed and any 
Additional Security Document relating to a Series of Notes and any Related Notes and the 
Compartment to which such Series relates, shall become enforceable.  The Trustee may 
enforce the Compartment Security at any time after it has become enforceable but is only 
obliged to enforce the Compartment Security if directed to do so by (x) (where the 
Instructing Party is the Noteholders) either a direction in writing by holders of at least 25 
per cent. in principal amount outstanding of the relevant Series of Notes or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Notes; or (y) (where the Instructing Party is 
the Swap Counterparty) a written direction of the Swap Counterparty.  The Trustee or any 
appointee or receiver appointed thereby may enforce the security by one or more of the 
following: 
(i) 
endeavouring to sell or otherwise realise the Charged Assets (including, without 
limitation, by terminating, closing out or enforcing any Related Agreement or other 
agreement entered into by the Issuer, the rights of the Issuer in respect of which 
form part of the Charged Assets) in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed; and/or  
(ii) 
otherwise enforcing the Compartment Security constituted by or pursuant to the 
Trust Deed and/or any Additional Security Document, in each case, without any 
liability as to the consequences of any such action and without having regard to the 
effect of any such action on individual Noteholders or Couponholders,

--- Page 629 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 629 - 
provided that the Trustee shall not be required to take any such action without first being 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction or to do anything which is or may be contrary 
to any applicable law or regulation and provided further that if Physical Settlement upon 
Acceleration is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where the Trustee 
enforces the Compartment Security it shall do so in accordance with Condition 12(b) and 
Condition 12(a)(i) shall not apply save as set out in Condition 12(b)(ii) following the 
occurrence of a Collateral Settlement Disruption Event (as defined in Condition 12(b).  
(b) 
Physical Settlement upon Acceleration 
(i) 
Where Physical Settlement upon Acceleration is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and where the Trustee is to enforce the Compartment 
Security in accordance with this Condition 12, the Trustee, will apply the Charged 
Assets in accordance with applicable Order of Priority and arrange for delivery of 
the Enforcement Entitlement to each Noteholder on a pari passu basis within the 
relevant Series and shall effect the sale or realisation of any other Charged Assets. 
Prior to determining the Enforcement Entitlement in respect of each Note, the 
Trustee or any or any appointee or receiver appointed thereby shall determine the 
cash amount which is equal to the sum of the proceeds from the realisation of the 
Charged Assets (other than the Reference Securities) (the "Asset Disposal 
Proceeds") and whether such cash sum is sufficient to satisfy any applicable 
Priority Amounts in full.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall request the 
Calculation Agent to calculate such amounts or may appoint a calculation agent to 
make such calculations (such agent or the Calculation Agent, the "Disposal 
Calculation Agent"). If such sum is not sufficient to satisfy the applicable Priority 
Amounts in full, the Disposal Calculation Agent shall then calculate the amount of 
Reference Securities which are required to be sold in order to pay any Priority 
Amounts after the application of the Asset Disposal Proceeds to pay such Priority 
Amounts and shall confirm such amount to the Trustee and the Trustee shall 
arrange for the sale of the relevant amount of Reference Securities to meet any 
unsatisfied Priority Amounts and any proceeds from such sale remaining after 
payment of such Priority Amounts shall be the "Residual Proceeds Amount" and 
shall be paid in accordance with this Condition 12(b) as part of the Enforcement 
Proceeds.   
In connection with any such delivery in respect of the Notes, such delivery shall be 
made in accordance with Condition 6(b) provided that any reference therein to the 
Issuer shall be deemed to be a reference to the Trustee or any agent or receiver 
appointed by the Trustee and the Entitlement shall be deemed to be the 
Enforcement Entitlement, as determined by the Disposal Calculation Agent and 
confirmed in writing to the Trustee. The Trustee shall be entitled to appoint a 
Delivery Agent as set out in Condition 6(b) (which may be the same party as the 
Disposal Calculation Agent) to assist it with the delivery of the Entitlement and 
sale of Reference Securities required to be made in accordance with this Condition 
12(b).  The Trustee shall notify the Delivery Date in respect of the Notes to the 
relevant Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
In connection with such delivery, (i) Condition 6(b)(i)(E) shall not apply, (ii) for 
the purposes of Condition 6(b)(i)(C), Expenses shall be deemed to include any 
costs involved in appointing a Disposal Calculation Agent and a Delivery Agent or 
which are incurred in delivery of the Enforcement Entitlement in accordance with 
this Condition 12(b), (iii) the Trustee shall be entitled to deduct from the assets 
deliverable to the Noteholders all Expenses not previously deducted from amounts 
paid or assets delivered to Noteholders, as the Trustee shall in its sole and absolute

--- Page 630 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 630 - 
discretion determine are attributable to the relevant Notes and (iv) any reference in 
the Conditions to "Relevant Assets" shall be deemed, in connection with a delivery 
of Reference Securities in accordance with this Condition 12(b), to be a reference 
to "Reference Securities". 
The final sentence of the first paragraph of Condition 6(b)(i)(D) shall not apply and 
the Reference Securities which it is not possible to deliver to a Noteholders due to 
such rounding shall, if and to the extent practicable, be sold by the Trustee (or the 
Disposal Calculation Agent or such other agent as may be appointed by the Trustee 
for such purpose) and a pro rata share of the resulting amount (the "Rounding 
Amount") shall be paid to each Noteholder whose Enforcement Entitlement is 
subject to such rounding. 
Where Physical Settlement upon Acceleration is applicable to the Notes, upon 
delivery of the relevant Enforcement Entitlement and payment of the relevant 
Enforcement Proceeds, no further amount will be due to the Noteholders. In 
connection with the delivery of the Enforcement Entitlement, the Disposal 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Enforcement Proceeds and shall notify such 
amounts to the Trustee who shall notify the Noteholders of such amounts prior to 
such delivery or, where applicable, payment of relevant Enforcement Proceeds due 
in accordance with this Condition 12(b). 
(ii) 
If, in the opinion of the Trustee (or such other agent as may be appointed by the 
Trustee for such purpose), delivery of the Enforcement Entitlement following the 
occurrence of a Note Acceleration, is not practicable by reason of a Collateral 
Settlement Disruption Event having occurred and continuing on any Delivery Date 
then such Delivery Date for such Notes shall be postponed to the first following 
Business Day in respect of which there is no such Collateral Settlement Disruption 
Event, provided that the Trustee (or such agent) may elect in its sole discretion and 
without liability to any party to deliver the Enforcement Entitlement in such 
commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Delivery 
Date shall be such day as the Trustee (or such agent) deems appropriate in 
connection with delivery of the Enforcement Entitlement in such commercially 
reasonable manner.  For the avoidance of doubt, where a Collateral Settlement 
Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Reference Securities comprising 
the Enforcement Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Reference Securities not 
affected by the Collateral Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally 
designated Delivery Date. 
If delivery of the relevant Enforcement Entitlement is not possible due to the 
occurrence of a Collateral Settlement Disruption Event, for a period of greater than 
the Collateral Settlement Disruption Period, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Trustee (or such agent on its 
behalf) shall sell or realise the Undeliverable Collateral Assets as if Condition 12(a) 
were applicable.  The Trustee shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) that a Collateral Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred.  No Noteholder shall be entitled to any payment in 
respect of the relevant Note in the event of any delay in the delivery of the 
Enforcement Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Collateral Settlement 
Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if any) or the Trustee (or any agent on its behalf). 
(iii) 
Where "Essential Trigger" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Physical Settlement upon Acceleration will not apply.

--- Page 631 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 631 - 
(iv) 
As used in this Condition 12(b): 
"Available Reference Securities" means the nominal amount of Reference 
Securities held by the Issuer in respect of the Series at the time of the Note 
Acceleration less any Delivery Reduction Amount, as determined by the Disposal 
Calculation Agent and notified to the Trustee; 
"Collateral Settlement Disruption Event" means any event beyond the control of 
the Trustee (or any Delivery Agent appointed by the Trustee), as a result of which 
it is impossible or illegal for the Trustee or its agent to deliver some or all of the 
relevant Enforcement Entitlement to a Noteholder on the related Delivery Date due 
to failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order 
or market conditions; 
"Collateral Settlement Disruption Period" means eight Business Days or such 
other period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Delivery Reduction Amount" means the aggregate nominal amount of Reference 
Securities which are sold to pay Priority Amounts; 
"Enforcement Entitlement" means, in respect of a Note, a pro rata share of the 
Available Reference Securities; 
"Enforcement Proceeds" means the sum of (a) a pro rata share of the Residual 
Proceeds Amount and (b) the Rounding Amount (if applicable); and 
"Priority Amounts" means the amounts which are payable in accordance with the 
applicable Order of Priority in priority to amounts due to be paid or delivered to 
Noteholders. 
(c) 
Remedies 
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of 
the Secured Parties,  
13. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modifications; Waiver; Trustee Determination; Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a video conference platform) of Noteholders of each Series to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Notes (including these 
Conditions or the provisions of the Master Trust Terms and the relevant Issue Deed insofar as the 
same may apply to such Notes).  The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing a clear majority in principal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned such meeting, two or more persons 
being or representing Noteholders, whatever the principal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, and an Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on 
all the Noteholders, whether present or not and on all relevant Couponholders and holders of 
Receipts, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed to address a Reserved Matter (as 
defined in the Trust Deed), including (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes, 
any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest thereof, (ii) to change the principal amount 
or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on redemption of, the Notes, (iii) to change 
the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the 
rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for calculating the Interest Amount in respect thereof,

--- Page 632 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 632 - 
(iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount or Final or Early 
Redemption Amount is shown in the applicable Final Terms, to change any such Minimum and/or 
Maximum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount, (v) to change any method of calculating the Final or Early Redemption Amount or, in the 
case of Zero Coupon Notes, to vary the method of calculating the Amortised Face Amount, (vi) to 
change the currency or currencies of payment or denomination of the Notes, (vii) to direct the Trustee 
to take any steps as specified in the Trust Deed and/or Condition 11 (Events of Default), (viii) to 
modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or (ix) to modify the definition of Reserved Matter in 
the Trust Deed, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the Noteholders, the quorum at which 
shall be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. or, at any adjourned 
meeting, not less than 25 per cent., in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.  
The holder of a global Note representing all (or part) of the Notes for the time being outstanding will 
be treated as being two persons for the purposes of such quorum requirements.  A resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. (including in the case of a 
resolution proposed to address a Reserved Matter) in principal amount of the Notes of such Series 
for the time being outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders.   
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-20 of the Luxembourg Act dated 10th August, 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended, shall not apply to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (if any). 
(b) 
Modification
The Trustee may, in respect of each Series, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, 
agree to (i) any modification to any Transaction Document or any other agreement to which the 
Issuer is a party which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, 
(ii) any modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document 
(other than in respect of a Reserved Matter) which in the opinion of the Trustee is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and the holders of any Related Notes or (iii) any 
modification of the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document (other than in 
respect of a Reserved Matter) which is made to satisfy any requirement of any stock exchange on 
which the Notes are or are proposed to be listed and which, in each case, is not in the opinion of the 
Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and the holders of any Related 
Notes.   
Notice of such modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable 
thereafter in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) unless the Trustee agrees otherwise.   
(c) 
Waiver
The Trustee may, in respect of any Series, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
and without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, from time to time and at any 
time, but only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Noteholders and the holders of any 
Related Notes shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise, on such terms and 
conditions as to it shall seem expedient, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer or (if applicable) 
the Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions in the Trust Deed or the Conditions or determine 
that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such provided always 
that the Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred on it by this Condition 13(c) in respect of 
any Reserved Matter or in contravention of any express direction given by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders and an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each series of any 
Related Notes but no such direction shall affect any waiver, authorisation or determination 
previously given or made.  Any such waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the 
Noteholders or Couponholders of such Series.

--- Page 633 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 633 - 
Notice of any such waiver, authorisation or determination shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) unless the 
Trustee agrees otherwise.   
(d) 
Trustee determination
If, in the opinion of the Trustee, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination referred to 
in paragraphs (b)(ii) or (iii) and (c) of this Condition 13 affects the interests of the holders of any 
Series of Related Notes, the Trustee shall agree to such modification, waiver, authorisation or 
determination only if either (i) it is satisfied that, in its opinion, the interests of the holders of the 
relevant Series of Related Notes will not be materially prejudiced thereby or (ii) the holders of the 
relevant Series of Related Notes sanction such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination 
by way of Extraordinary Resolution, each of (i) and (ii) in accordance with the Conditions of the 
relevant Series of Related Notes.   
(e) 
Substitution
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee, subject to the further conditions set out 
in the Trust Deed and such amendment of the Trust Deed and other conditions as the Trustee may 
require, but without the consent of the holders of the relevant Series of Notes, unless Issuer 
Substitution is specified to be not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to agree with the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (if applicable) to the substitution, in respect of any Series of Notes, in place of the 
Issuer (or of the previous substitute), as the principal debtor under the Notes of such Series, or, when 
applicable, the Guarantor, as guarantor of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant 
Series of Notes, of any other company (such substituted company being hereinafter called the 
"Substitute Company"). 
Not later than 14 days after the execution of such amendment and compliance with such conditions 
as aforesaid, the Substitute Company shall give notice thereof in a form previously approved by the 
Trustee to the relevant Noteholders in the manner provided in Condition 18 (Notices). 
(f) 
Entitlement of the Trustee
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Trustee shall assume that each holder of a Bearer Note is the holder of all Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons relating to such Bearer Note and shall have regard to the interests of the holders 
of such Notes or the Coupons, Receipts or Talons relating thereto as a class and shall not have regard 
to the consequences of such exercise for any particular Noteholder or Couponholder or holder of any 
Receipt or Talon and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or 
Couponholder or holder of any Receipt or Talon be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual 
holders of such Notes, Coupons, Receipts or Talons. 
14. 
Replacement of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note or (in the case of any Bearer Note) Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes), subject to 
relevant stock exchange requirements and all applicable laws, upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor may reasonably 
require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued.   
15. 
Exchange of Talons

--- Page 634 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 634 - 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Issuing and Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final 
date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 10 (Prescription).  Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these 
Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures.   
16. 
Further Notes and Related Notes 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders (but provided that the 
Trustee is satisfied that the restrictions set out in this Condition 16 will be complied with, create and 
issue: 
(a) 
further securities ("Further Notes") having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in 
all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest and issue price) and so 
that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Notes; and 
(b) 
where the relevant Compartment is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a 
Compartment through which more than one series of notes may be issued (a "Multi-Series 
Compartment"), Related Notes, 
provided that (unless otherwise approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, and an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined under the terms and conditions of such Related Notes) in 
respect of the holders of each Series of Related Notes (if any) then outstanding under the relevant 
Compartment immediately prior to the date on which such Further Notes or Related Notes are to be 
issued):  
(i) 
in the case of Further Notes, the Issuer provides additional security for such Further 
Notes that comprises assets that are fungible with, and have the same proportionate 
composition as, the Charged Assets in respect of the relevant existing Notes and 
that has an aggregate principal amount at least equal to the product of (A) the 
principal amount of such existing security and (B) a fraction, the numerator of 
which is the aggregate principal amount of the Further Notes and the denominator 
is the aggregate principal amount of the existing Notes;   
(ii) 
in the case of Related Notes, where there are Compartment Assets for the existing 
Notes (A) where the Compartment Asset Coverage Test is not specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer provides additional security for 
such Related Notes that comprises assets that are fungible with, and have the same 
proportionate composition as, the Compartment Assets in respect of the relevant 
existing Notes and that has an aggregate principal amount at least equal to the 
product of (1) the principal amount of such existing security and (2) a fraction, the 
numerator of which is the aggregate principal amount of the Related Notes and the 
denominator is the aggregate principal amount of the existing Notes and any 
existing Related Notes or (B) where the Compartment Asset Coverage Test is 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer provides 
additional security for such Related Notes (including Compartment Assets) so that 
the Compartment Asset Coverage Test is not breached; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Further Notes, the Issuer enters into an additional and/or supplemental 
agreement varying the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement, Repurchase 
Agreement or Deposit Agreement, as applicable, to take account of the Further

--- Page 635 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 635 - 
Notes on terms no less favourable than those of the Swap Agreement, Repurchase 
Agreement or Deposit Agreement, as applicable. 
In the event that any Series of Related Notes is redeemed other than pursuant to a Note Acceleration 
(as such expression is defined under the terms and conditions of such Related Notes), the Issuer (or 
any Disposal Agent) shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, to modify the 
composition or, if appropriate, the terms of the Compartment Assets so as to ensure that such 
redemption does not cause a breach of the Compartment Asset Coverage Test if specified as 
applicable, in each case, in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any Further Notes shall be constituted and secured by a supplemental trust deed and the Related 
Notes shall be constituted and secured by the Trust Deed and the Notes and the Further Notes or, as 
the case may be, the Related Notes shall be secured by the same Charged Assets.  References in 
these Conditions to "Notes" and "Charged Assets" shall be construed accordingly. 
Where the applicable Final Terms do not specify that the relevant Compartment is a Multi-Series 
Compartment, references in these Terms and Conditions to Related Notes or the holders of Related 
Notes, as the case may be, shall not be applicable and these Terms and Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
17. 
Removal, Indemnification and Obligations of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the appointment, retirement and removal of the Trustee.  The 
Issuer shall as soon as practicable after the appointment of a new trustee notify the Noteholders of 
such appointment in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices). 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility including for the exercise of any voting rights in respect of the Compartment Assets 
or for the value, validity, sufficiency and enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of 
the Compartment Security created over the Charged Assets.  The Trustee is not obliged to take any 
action under the Trust Deed, the Notes or otherwise unless indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction.  The Trustee and any affiliate is entitled to enter into business transactions with the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any issuer or guarantor (where applicable) of any of the Charged Assets any 
party other than the Issuer under a Related Agreement (including, without limitation, the Swap 
Counterparty), or any of their subsidiary, holding or associated companies without accounting to the 
Noteholders for profit resulting therefrom.   
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value (as 
appropriate) of the Charged Assets from any obligation to insure or to procure the insuring of the 
Charged Assets (or any documents evidencing, constituting or representing the same or transferring 
any rights or obligations thereunder) and from any claim arising from the fact that the Charged Assets 
are held in an account with a clearing agent in accordance with that relevant clearing agent's rules or 
otherwise held in safe custody by the Custodian or any custodian whether or not selected by the 
Trustee (in each case, if applicable).  The Trustee is not responsible for supervising the performance 
by (i) the Issuer of its own obligations and (ii) any other person of their obligations to the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17, each of the Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
expressly accepts and confirms, for the purposes of articles 1278 and 1281 of the Luxembourg civil 
code, that notwithstanding any assignment, transfer and/or novation permitted under and made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed or any agreement referred to therein to which the 
Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor are party, any security created or guarantee given under 
the Trust Deed shall be reserved for the benefit of the new trustee (for itself and for the benefit of 
each other Secured Party). 
18. 
Notices

--- Page 636 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 636 - 
All notices regarding the Notes shall be valid if: (a) in the case of Notes represented by a Global 
Note, delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes; (b) so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of such stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, in accordance with such rules; or (c) in the case of Registered Notes if sent by first class 
mail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the 
Register. If and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and so long as the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, 
notices shall be made available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu.  Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the Business Day on which such delivery takes 
place or, if earlier, the date of such publication, or, if published more than once, on the date of the 
first such publication. 
If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and 
will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.   
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Issuing and 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note 
to the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Registrar 
(as applicable) and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for 
this purpose.   
19. 
Redenomination 
(a) 
Redenomination
Where redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may, 
without the consent of the Noteholders, the Trustee, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders, on 
giving prior notice to the Issuing and Paying Agent, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and at 
least 30 days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), elect that, 
with effect from the Redenomination Date specified in the notice, the Notes shall be redenominated 
in euro.  
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i)
the Notes and the Receipts shall be deemed to be redenominated into euro in the 
denomination of euro 0.01 with a principal amount for each Note and Receipt equal to the 
principal amount of that Note or Receipt in the Specified Currency, converted into euro at 
the Established Rate, provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, that the then market practice in respect of the redenomination 
into euro of internationally offered securities is different from the provisions specified 
above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market 
practice and the Issuer shall promptly notify the Noteholders, the stock exchange (if any) on 
which the Notes may be listed and the Issuing and Paying Agent of such deemed 
amendments; 
(ii)
save to the extent that an Exchange Notice has been given in accordance with paragraph (iv) 
below, the amount of interest due in respect of the Notes will be calculated by reference to 
the aggregate principal amount of Notes presented (or, as the case may be, in respect of 
which Coupons are presented) for payment by the relevant Noteholder and the amount of 
such payment shall be rounded down to the nearest euro 0.01;

--- Page 637 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 637 - 
(iii)
if definitive Notes are required to be issued after the Redenomination Date, they shall be 
issued at the expense of the Issuer in the denominations of euro 1,000, euro 10,000, euro 
100,000 and (but only to the extent of any remaining amounts less than euro 1,000 or such 
smaller denominations as the Issuing and Paying Agent may approve) euro 0.01 and such 
other denominations as the Issuing and Paying Agent shall determine and notify to the 
Noteholders; 
(iv)
if issued prior to the Redenomination Date, all unmatured Coupons denominated in the 
Specified Currency (whether or not attached to the Notes) will become void with effect from 
the date on which the Issuer gives notice (the "Exchange Notice") that replacement euro-
denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons are available for exchange (provided that such 
securities are so available) and no payments will be made in respect of them. The payment 
obligations contained in any Notes and Receipts so issued will also become void on that 
date although those Notes and Receipts will continue to constitute valid exchange 
obligations of the Issuer. New euro denominated Notes, Receipts and Coupons will be issued 
in exchange for Notes, Receipts and Coupons denominated in the Specified Currency in 
such manner as the Issuing and Paying Agent may specify and as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in the Exchange Notice. No Exchange Notice may be given less than 15 days 
prior to any date for payment of principal or interest on the Notes; 
(v)
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, other than payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the 
Redenomination Date, will be made solely in euro as though references in the Notes to the 
Settlement Currency were to euro. Payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a 
euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified 
by the payee or, at the option of the payee, by a euro cheque; 
(vi)
if the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes and interest for any period ending on or after the 
Redenomination Date is required to be calculated for a period ending other than on a Fixed 
Interest Date, it will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified 
Denomination, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (defined above) of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention; 
(vii)
if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, the Calculation Agent will determine (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonably manner) any relevant changes to the provisions 
relating to interest and the Issuer will notify Noteholders thereof in accordance with 
Condition 18; and  
(viii) such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Trustee, and as may be specified in 
the notice, to conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments denominated in 
euro. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Trustee shall be liable to any Noteholder or other person for 
any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of euro or 
any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
(b)
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 638 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 638 - 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of 
the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Redenomination Date" means (in the case of interest bearing Notes) any date for payment of 
interest under the Notes or (in the case of Zero Coupon Notes) any date, in each case specified by 
the Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (a) above and which falls on 
or after the date on which the country of the Specified Currency first participates in the third stage 
of European economic and monetary union; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
20. 
Agents and Registrar 
(a) 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents will act solely as agents of each of the 
Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable) do not assume any obligations or relationship of agency 
or trust to or with the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders.  The Issuer will agree 
to perform and observe the obligations imposed upon it under the Agency Agreement.  The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions for the indemnification of the Agents and for relief 
from responsibility in certain circumstances, and entitles any of them to enter into business 
transactions with the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries without being liable to account to the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders for any resulting profit.  In relation to each 
issue of Notes, the Calculation Agent (whether it be BNP Paribas, BNP Paribas Arbitrage 
S.N.C. or another entity) acts solely as agent of the Issuer and the Guarantor, if any, and 
does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, 
the Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders.  All calculations and determinations 
made in respect of the Notes by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest 
error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, and the 
Noteholders, Couponholders and Receiptholders.  The Calculation Agent may, with the 
consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems 
appropriate. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, in exercising its discretion 
and making an election, determination, modification or adjustment, the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent and any other relevant Agent shall do so in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner to preserve or restore the economics of the agreed terms 
as far as practicable.  Any such election, determination, modification or adjustment shall 
not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of the Issuer compared 
to the Noteholders, to the detriment of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the Notes 
(other than modifications that do not relate to essential characteristics of the Notes) or 
redeem the Notes prior to their scheduled Maturity Date, as described in the Terms and 
Conditions, following an event or circumstance (or combination of events or circumstances) 
that (a) is not attributable to the Issuer that significantly alters the economics of the Notes 
compared to the economics as of the Issue Date, or (b) constitutes a force majeure. 
For the purpose of this Condition 20(c), essential characteristics of the Notes means 
characteristics of the Notes that are considered essential to the Noteholders generally, 
including without limitation the yield (coupon structure), the Underlying Reference, the

--- Page 639 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
- 639 - 
principal protected amount (if any), the identity of the Issuer and of the Guarantor and the 
scheduled Maturity Date. 
21. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999  
The Notes shall not confer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which 
may exist or is available apart from that Act.   
22. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction  
(a) 
The Master Trust Terms and the Issue Deed (save to the extent that the Master Trust Terms 
and/or the Issue Deed relates to security interests created over assets located or deemed to 
be located in Luxembourg), the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such 
documents) are (or, as the case may be, shall be) governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law.   
(b) 
Subject to Condition 22(f) below, the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any disputes which may  directly or indirectly, arise out of or in connection with 
the Notes (including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and the 
Notes) (a "Dispute") and each of the Issuer, the Trustee and each Noteholder (by its 
acquisition of a Note) is deemed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(c) 
The Issuer and each Noteholder (by its acquisition of a Note) waive any objection to the 
courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to 
settle any Dispute.     
(d) 
The Issuer appoints BNP Paribas, London Branch, of 10 Harewood Avenue, London NW1 
6AA (Attention: the Loan Administration Department), as its agent for service of process, 
and undertakes that, in the event of BNP Paribas, London Branch ceasing so to act or ceasing 
to be registered in England, it will appoint, subject to the prior written approval of the 
Trustee, another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any suit, 
action or proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes (including Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with such Notes).  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.   
(e) 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts 
and has appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above. 
(f) 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, to the extent 
that any proceedings in respect of the Notes relate to consumers (as such term is used in 
Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 
December 2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil 
and commercial matters (the "Brussels Recast Regulation")), notwithstanding Condition 
22(b), the Issuer will be required to, and such consumers may, in respect of any Dispute in 
respect of the Notes, take proceedings in the jurisdictions specified in Article 18 of the 
Brussels Recast Regulation.

--- Page 640 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 640 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, which will include the additional terms and 
conditions for payouts for Securities contained in Annex 1, Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Warrants, 
Annex 3 in the case of Share Linked Warrants, Annex 4 in the case of Debt Linked Warrants, Annex 5 in the 
case of Commodity Linked Warrants, Annex 6 in the case of Inflation Linked Warrants, Annex 7 in the case 
of Currency Linked Warrants, Annex 8 in the case of Fund Linked Warrants, Annex 9 in the case of 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Warrants and Annex 11 in the case of ETI Linked Warrants (each an 
"Annex" and together the "Annexes" which may be added from time to time) which will be incorporated by 
reference into each Global Warrant.   
The Terms and Conditions of any Warrants will be completed either by the applicable Final Terms or, in 
circumstances where Warrants are not issued on the basis of this Base Prospectus, by issue specific terms 
prepared in accordance with any such issue ("Issue Specific Terms"). Where the Terms and Conditions of 
any Warrants are completed by Issue Specific Terms, references herein and in the Annexes to the "Final 
Terms" shall be deemed to be references to the "Issue Specific Terms" relating to such Warrants.  
The applicable Final Terms or Issue Specific Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed on, 
attached to or incorporated by reference in, each permanent global Warrant.  Reference should be made to 
the section headed "Applicable Warrant Final Terms" above for a description of the content of Final Terms 
or Issue Specific Terms, as the case may be, which will specify which of such terms is to apply in relation to 
the relevant Warrants. 
This Warrant is one of a Series (as defined below) of Warrants issued by SecurAsset S.A. (the "Issuer"), a 
regulated securitisation undertaking within the meaning of the Luxembourg Act dated 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended (the "Securitisation Act 2004", which term shall include such act as modified, 
amended or re-enacted from time to time), constituted and secured by relevant issue deed dated the date of 
issue of the Warrants (the "Issue Date") (or in the case of Warrants issued through a Multi-Series 
Compartment, secured by the issue deed relating to the first series of Warrants issued through the relevant 
Compartment (the "Original Issue Deed") and constituted by the Original Issue Deed and an issue deed 
supplemental to the Original Issue Deed) between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Trustee and the persons specified 
therein as a Swap Counterparty and/or Deposit Counterparty and/or Repo Counterparty (each as defined in 
Condition 9 (Compartment Assets)) (the "Issue Deed") which incorporates master trust terms between the 
Issuer and BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all 
persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed (as defined below)) as trustee for the 
Warrantholders (as defined below) and, where applicable, the holders of any Related Warrants (the "Master 
Trust Terms", together with the Issue Deed and the issue deeds relating to any Related Warrants (which 
may be expressed to be supplemental to any Original Issue Deed), the "Trust Deed")). References herein to 
the "Issuer" shall include the Substitute Company as defined in Condition 14(e) (Substitution), in the case of 
any substitution of the Issuer in accordance with that Condition.   
References herein to the Warrants shall be references to the Warrants of this Series and shall mean: 
(a)  
Warrants held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream Banking, société anonyme
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear"), and/or any other 
relevant clearing system ("Clearing System Warrants") constituted by a clearing system global 
warrant (a "Clearing System Global Warrant"); and  
(b)  
any global Warrant in registered form ("Registered Global Warrant(s)" and, together with a 
Clearing System Global Warrant, each a "Global Warrant"). 
The Warrants have the benefit of an agency agreement dated 6 February 2009, as most recently amended and 
restated on 22 September 2022 (the "Agency Agreement", which expression includes the same as it may be

--- Page 641 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 641 - 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) and made between, inter alia, the Issuer, 
the Trustee, BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"), which expression 
shall include any additional or successor calculation agents specified in the applicable Final Terms), BNP 
Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the Merger Date, will be 
substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) as account bank (where specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (the "Account Bank"), BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from 
and including the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) as 
principal warrant and certificate agent, registrar and, where specified in the Final Terms, custodian and cash 
manager (the "Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent", the "Registrar", the "Custodian" and  the "Cash 
Manager" respectively, which expressions shall include, in each case, any additional, alternative or successor 
agents specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the other warrant and certificate agents named therein 
(together with the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and the Registrar, the "Warrant and Certificate 
Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor warrant and certificate agents).  The 
Warrant and Certificate Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Cash Manager and the Custodian shall be referred 
to collectively herein as the "Agents".  The Warrants, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement (together with 
any supplements thereto), the Dealer Agreement and any other Related Agreements are together referred to 
as the "Transaction Documents". 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Warrants which expression shall 
mean, in the case of Clearing System Global Warrants, the Warrantholders and, in the case of Registered 
Global Warrants, the persons in whose name the Warrants are registered, and shall, in relation to any 
Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, be construed as provided in Condition 1 below.  The Trustee also 
holds the Compartment Security granted by the Issuer for itself and the other Secured Parties (as defined 
below). 
Any reference herein to "Euroclear" and/or "Clearstream, Luxembourg" (each term as defined above) 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms, approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), 
the Trustee, the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, the Registrar (in the case of warrants in registered 
form ("Registered Warrants") only) and, in the case of Warrants listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Final Terms for this Warrant (or other relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Final Terms that are 
endorsed on, attached to or incorporated by reference in this Warrant and which complete these terms and 
conditions (the "Terms and Conditions" or the "Conditions"). 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Warrants which are identical in all respects, "Series" means a Tranche of 
Warrants together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Warrants which are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series with the original Tranche and (b) identical in all respects except for 
their respective Issue Date and/or Issue Prices, as applicable and "Related Warrants" means each other 
series of warrants issued through the same Compartment as the Warrants where the relevant Compartment is 
a Multi-Series Compartment (as defined in Condition 16(b)). 
Copies of the Master Trust Terms and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Warrantholders 
during normal business hours from the specified offices of the Warrant and Certificate Agents or may be 
provided by email to a Warrantholder following their prior written request to the relevant Warrant and 
Certificate Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Warrant 
and Certificate Agent).  Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing by Warrantholders at 
www.bourse.lu and copies may be obtained from the specified office of the Principal Warrant and Certificate 
Agent save that, if this Warrant is a Private Placement Warrant (as defined below) which has not been offered 
to the public in Luxembourg, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Warrantholder holding 
one or more such Warrants and such Warrantholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the relevant Warrant and Certificate Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity.  The 
Warrantholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust

--- Page 642 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 642 - 
Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms.  The statements in the Conditions include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed (as such term is defined in the 
Master Trust Terms). 
BNP Paribas ("BNPP") and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA are implementing an intragroup 
reorganisation pursuant to which BNPP, as the "absorbing entity", will merge with BNP Paribas Securities 
Services SCA, as the "absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger regime (fusion simplifiée), which 
is governed by Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (the "Intragroup 
Merger"). The Intragroup Merger will take effect on 1 October 2022 or such other date as shall be notified 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 (the "Merger Date"). 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Warrants, each Warrantholder expressly acknowledges and 
agrees that: 
(a)  
the Issuer (i) is subject to the Securitisation Act 2004 and (ii) in connection with the Warrants has 
created a specific Compartment, which Compartment shall be identified by the number and/or name 
ascribed to it in the applicable Final Terms, to which all assets, rights, claims and agreements relating 
to the Warrants will be allocated;  
(b)  
the provisions with respect to the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms will apply; 
(c)  
all payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Warrants and the related Swap Agreement (if 
any) will be made only from and to the extent of the sums received or recovered from time to time 
by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of the Charged Assets and, following a Warrant 
Acceleration in respect of the Warrant, the entitlement of the Warrantholder will be limited to such 
Warrantholder's pro rata share of the proceeds of the relevant Charged Assets applied in accordance 
with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms and not to the assets allocated to 
other compartments created by the Issuer or to any other assets of the Issuer and, in the case of 
Guaranteed Warrants, sums obtained on its behalf by the Trustee, making a claim under the 
Guarantee, subject to the terms set out in the applicable Final Terms and the relevant provisions of 
the Guarantee; 
(d)  
once all moneys received by the Trustee in connection with the enforcement of the Compartment 
Security over the Charged Assets have been applied in accordance with the Order of Priority set out 
in the applicable Final Terms and in the Master Trust Terms, it is not entitled to take any further 
steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums due and the right to receive any such sum shall 
be extinguished; 
(e)  
it shall have no right to attach or otherwise seize the Charged Assets (subject as provided above), or 
any other assets of the Issuer, including, without limitation, any assets allocated to any other 
compartments of the Issuer; and 
(f)  
no Warrantholder shall be entitled to petition or take any other step for the liquidation, winding-up 
or the bankruptcy of the Issuer or any similar proceedings. 
Words and expressions defined in the Master Trust Terms or the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable 
Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated, and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between 
the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will 
prevail. 
Warrants may not be exercised, and the securities may not be delivered upon exercise, in the United States 
or to, or for the account of or benefit of a U.S. Person as defined in Regulation S. 
1. 
Type, title and transfer

--- Page 643 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 643 - 
(a) 
Type 
The Warrants relate to a specified Index or Basket of Indices ("Index Linked Warrants"), a 
specified Share (including a specified depositary receipt (a "GDR/ADR")) or Basket of Shares or a 
basket of GDRs and/or ADRs ("Share Linked Warrants"), a specified debt security or basket of 
debt securities ("Debt Linked Warrants"), a specified commodity or commodity index or basket of 
commodities and/or commodity indices ("Commodity Linked Warrants"), a specified inflation 
index or basket of inflation Indices ("Inflation Linked Warrants"), a specified currency or basket 
of currencies ("Currency Linked Warrants"), a specified fund share or unit or basket of fund shares 
or units, fund indices ("Fund Linked Warrants"), underlying interest rate linked warrants 
("Underlying Interest Rate Linked Warrants"), a specified interest in an exchange traded fund, 
an exchange traded note, an exchange traded commodity or any other exchange traded product (each 
an "exchange traded instrument") or benefit of interests in exchange traded instruments ("ETI 
Linked Warrants") or any other or further type of warrants as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms including Warrants which relate to any combination of such indices, shares, debt securities, 
commodities, inflation indices, currencies, fund shares or units, fund indices, underlying interest 
rates and other asset classes or types ("Hybrid Warrants"). Warrants related to a specified 
commodity or commodity index or basket of commodities or commodity indices, a specified 
inflation index or basket of inflation indices, specified currency or basket of currencies, a specified 
fund share or unit or basket of fund shares or units, the credit of a specified reference entity or 
reference entities, a specified interest rate or basket of interest rates, specified exchange traded 
instruments or Hybrid Warrants related to any of these asset classes, may not at any time be offered, 
sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, exercised, settled, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, 
in the United States or to, by or for the account or benefit of, persons that are U.S. persons as defined 
in Regulation S under the Securities Act or that are not Non-United States Persons as defined in Rule 
4.7 under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
If the Warrants are Hybrid Warrants and Hybrid Warrants is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the terms and conditions of the Warrants will be construed on the basis that in respect 
of each separate type of Underlying Reference, the relevant terms applicable to each such separate 
type of Underlying Reference will apply, as the context admits, separately and independently in 
respect of the relevant type of Underlying Reference, except as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. "Hybrid Business Day" has the meaning given to such term in the applicable Final Terms. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Warrants are American style Warrants 
("American Style Warrants"), European style Warrants ("European Style Warrants") or 
Registered Warrants and, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants whether automatic exercise 
("Automatic Exercise") applies to the Warrants, whether settlement shall be by way of cash 
payment ("Cash Settled Warrants") or physical delivery ("Physical Delivery Warrants"), whether 
the Warrants are call Warrants ("Call Warrants") or put Warrants ("Put Warrants") whether the 
Warrants may only be exercised in units ("Units") and whether Averaging ("Averaging") will apply 
to the Warrants. If Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants must be exercised in 
Units and any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall 
be void and of no effect. If Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will state, amongst other details, the relevant Averaging Dates. 
References in these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Cash Settled 
Warrants shall be deemed to include references to (i) Physical Delivery Warrants, which include an 
option (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) at the Issuer's election to request cash settlement of 
such Warrant pursuant to Condition 4(e)(i) and where settlement is to be by way of cash payment, 
and (ii) Physical Delivery Warrants where settlement is to be automatically varied to be by way of a 
cash payment pursuant to Condition 4(e)(i). References in these Terms and Conditions, unless the 
context otherwise requires, to Physical Delivery Warrants shall be deemed to include references to 
Cash Settled Warrants which include an option (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) at the

--- Page 644 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 644 - 
Issuer's election to request physical delivery of the relevant underlying asset in settlement of such 
Warrant pursuant to Condition 4(e)(i) and where settlement is to be by way of physical delivery. 
Warrants may, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, allow Warrantholders to elect for 
settlement by way of cash payment or by way of physical delivery or by way of a combination of 
cash payment and physical delivery. Those Warrants where the relevant Warrantholder has elected 
for cash payment will be Cash Settled Warrants and those Warrants where the relevant 
Warrantholder has elected for physical delivery will be Physical Delivery Warrants. The rights of a 
Warrantholder as described in this paragraph may be subject to the Issuer's right to vary settlement 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and will be subject to the Issuer's right to substitute assets 
or pay the Alternate Cash Amount (as defined below) in lieu of physical delivery in accordance with 
Condition 4(f). 
(b) 
Title to Warrants
In the case of Warrants represented by a Clearing System Global Warrant held by a Common 
Depository on behalf of a relevant Clearing System, each person who is for the time being shown in 
the records of the relevant Clearing System as the holder of a particular amount of such Warrants (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by the relevant Clearing System as to the 
amount of Warrants standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Guarantor, 
if any, and the relevant Warrant and Certificate Agent as the Warrantholder of such amount of 
Warrants for all purposes (and the expressions "Warrantholder" and "Holder of Warrants" and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
(c) 
Title to Registered Warrants 
In the case of Registered Warrants, the Issuer shall cause to be kept at the principal office of the 
Registrar, a register (the "Register") on which shall be entered the names and addresses of all 
Warrantholders, the amount and type of the Warrants held by each Warrantholder and details of all 
transfers of the Warrants. Each person who is for the time being shown in the Register as the holder 
of a particular amount of Warrants (each a "Warrantholder") shall (except as otherwise required 
by law) be treated as the absolute owner of such amount of Warrants for all purposes (regardless of 
any notice of ownership, trust, or any interest in it, any writing on it, or its theft or loss) and no person 
will be liable for so treating such person. 
(d) 
Transfers of Interests in Global Warrants
Transfers of Warrants may not be effected after the exercise of such Warrants pursuant to Condition 
5. 
Subject as set forth in this Condition, all transactions (including permitted transfers of Warrants) in 
the open market or otherwise must be effected, in the case of Clearing System Warrants, subject to 
and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the relevant Clearing 
System(s). Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of the relevant Clearing 
System. 
Any reference herein to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and Warrant and Certificate 
Agent from time to time and notified to the relevant Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 
17. 
(i) 
Transfers of Clearing System Warrants

--- Page 645 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 645 - 
(A) 
Transfers of Warrants to a person who takes delivery in the form of Warrants 
represented by a Global Warrant may be made only in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(1) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of Warrants 
represented by a Global Warrant, from a Holder of Warrants represented by 
a Global Warrant, to a non-U.S. person in an Offshore Transaction as defined 
in Regulation S pursuant to Regulation S; and 
(2) 
in each case, in accordance with any applicable rules and regulations of the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and the relevant Clearing System. 
(B) 
The Warrantholder must send a free of payment instruction to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may 
be, not later than 10.00 a.m. local time in the city of the relevant Clearing System, 
one Business Day in the city of the relevant Clearing System prior to the date on 
which the transfer is to take effect. 
(C) 
Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the transferor and 
the transferee. 
(D) 
On the transfer date: 
(1) 
the relevant Clearing System will debit the account of its participant; and 
(2) 
the relevant Clearing System or the Warrantholder, as the case may be, 
will instruct the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent to instruct 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System, as the case may be, to credit the relevant account of the 
relevant Clearing System participant. 
(E) 
Upon any such transfers, on the transfer date the Principal Warrant and Certificate 
Agent, will increase or decrease, if appropriate, the number of Warrants represented 
by the relevant Global Warrant, whereupon the number of Warrants represented by 
such Global Warrant shall be increased or decreased, if appropriate, for all purposes 
by the number so transferred and endorsed. 
(ii) 
Transfer of Registered Warrants 
Title to the Registered Warrants will pass upon the registration of transfers in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A Registered Warrant may be transferred by 
the transferor or a person duly authorised on behalf of the transferor depositing at the 
specified office of the Registrar a duly completed transfer certificate (a "Transfer 
Certificate") in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which are available 
from the Registrar) signed by or on behalf of the transferor and upon the Registrar after due 
and careful enquiry being satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person 
making the request and subject to the regulations set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency 
Agreement, the Registrar should enter the name of the transferee in the Register for the 
Registered Warrants as the Warrantholder of the Registered Warrant specified in the form 
of transfer.  
Warrantholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except that the Issuer may require the payment of 
a sum determined by the Calculation Agent sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other 
governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration or exchange in the

--- Page 646 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 646 - 
jurisdiction of the Issuer or in any other jurisdiction where the Registrar's specified office is 
located. 
Registered Warrants and interests therein may not be transferred at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to or for the benefit of a U.S. person, and any such transfer 
shall not be recognised. 
2. 
Status of the Warrants; Guaranteed Warrants 
(a)
Status of the Warrants 
The Warrants are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, which are secured in the manner described in Condition 9 and 
recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in Condition 9. 
Unless Waiver of Set-Off is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and subject to 
applicable law, no Warrantholder may exercise or claim any right of set-off, compensation or 
retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor) arising 
under or in connection with the Warrants and each Warrantholder shall, by virtue of being the holder 
of any Warrant, be deemed to have waived to the extent permitted by applicable law all such rights 
of set-off, compensation and retention in respect of such Warrants, both before and during any 
resolution, winding-up, liquidation or administration of the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor). 
(b) 
Guaranteed Warrants
If the Warrants are "Guaranteed Warrants" as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject 
to the satisfaction of the conditions set out therein and in the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed 
applicable to such Warrants, the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Guaranteed 
Warrants will have the benefit of a guarantee (the "Guarantee") in favour of the Trustee (for itself, 
and as trustee for holders of such Guaranteed Warrants) made by BNP Paribas (in such capacity, the 
"Guarantor"). 
The obligations of BNP Paribas as Guarantor under any Guarantee are senior preferred (within the 
meaning of Article L.613-30-3-1-3o of the French Code monétaire et financier) and unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu with all its other present and future senior 
preferred and unsecured obligations, subject to such exceptions as may from time to time be 
mandatory under French law.    
(c)
Subrogation of the Guarantor 
Under the Guarantee, the Guarantor will be subrogated to any rights of the holders of the Guaranteed 
Warrants and the Trustee against the Issuer to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and to 
the extent of such payment in respect of amounts due in respect of the Warrants which have been 
paid by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
3. 
Restrictions  
(a) 
The Issuer has covenanted in the Trust Deed that, inter alia, so long as any of the Warrants remains 
outstanding, it will not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee: 
(i) 
engage in any activity or do anything whatsoever, except:
(A) 
issue instruments which are subject to the Securitisation Act 2004 and the 
enforcement and limited recourse provisions of the Trust Deed or any other 
relevant agreement ("Permitted Instruments", provided that such term shall

--- Page 647 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 647 - 
include, without limitation, Related Agreements, notes, certificates, Warrants 
Further Warrants and Related Warrants (as defined below)); 
(B) 
otherwise incur indebtedness (any such indebtedness, "Permitted Indebtedness") 
in respect of moneys borrowed or raised where such indebtedness is incurred on 
terms that it is subject to, and in compliance with, the Securitisation Act 2004 
and/or is secured on assets or other property which are not part of the Charged 
Assets and on terms which provide for the extinguishment of all claims in respect 
of such indebtedness after application of the proceeds of the assets or property on 
which such indebtedness is secured;
(C) 
enter into any deed or agreement of any kind related to any Permitted Instrument 
or Permitted Indebtedness, but provided always other than in the case of any 
Related Warrants that any such deed or agreement is entered into on terms that the 
obligations of the Issuer thereunder relate to a compartment of specified assets of 
the Issuer (other than its share capital) which does not form part of the Charged 
Assets and on terms which provide for extinguishment of all claims in respect of 
such obligations after application of the assets on which such indebtedness is 
secured;
(D) 
acquire, or enter into any agreement constituting, the collateral in respect of any 
Permitted Instrument or the assets securing any Permitted Indebtedness to enable 
it to discharge its obligations under such Permitted Instrument or Permitted 
Indebtedness;
(E) 
perform its obligations under each Permitted Instrument or Permitted 
Indebtedness, or any deed or agreement incidental to the issue and constitution of, 
or the granting of security for, any Permitted Instrument or Permitted 
Indebtedness;
(F) 
enforce any of its rights whether under any deed or agreement entered into in 
relation to any Permitted Instrument or Permitted Indebtedness;
(G) 
perform any act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above; or
(H) 
as permitted by the Conditions;
(ii)  
have any subsidiaries;
(iii) 
have any employees;
(iv) 
dispose of any of its property or other assets or any part thereof or interest therein (subject 
(A) to this subparagraph (a) and (B) as provided in the terms and conditions relating to any 
Permitted Instrument or the terms and conditions relating to any Permitted Indebtedness); 
(v)  
issue any further fungible Warrants or Related Warrants unless the trustee and/or guarantor 
thereof is the same person as, respectively, the Trustee and/or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor for the Warrants; 
(vi)  
pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its members other than in respect of any 
shares issued by SecurAsset S.A. acting through a compartment where such dividend or 
other distribution is funded solely from the profits of such compartment in accordance with 
the articles of association of the Issuer;
(vii) 
guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or hold out its credit as 
being available to satisfy the obligations of others;

--- Page 648 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 648 - 
(viii)  
pledge its assets for the benefit of any other entity or make any loans or advances to any 
entity (other than in connection with or in respect of Permitted Instruments and Permitted 
Indebtedness); or
(ix)  
consolidate or merge with any other person.
(b) 
The Issuer has covenanted in the Trust Deed that, inter alia, save with the prior written consent of 
the Trustee, the Issuer shall, so long as any of the Warrants remains outstanding:  
(i)  
maintain proper books and records, accounts and financial statements for each 
Compartment and for the Issuer; 
(ii)  
hold itself out as a separate entity, conduct its business in its own name and maintain an 
arm's length relationship with its affiliates (if any); 
(iii) 
notify the Trustee in writing immediately on becoming aware of the occurrence of any 
Event of Default or Potential Event of Default or the proposed mandatory cancellation of 
any Warrant;
(iv)  
provide the Trustee with certain certificates within specified timeframes that no Event of 
Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred since the Certification Date of the last 
certificate or the date of the Trust Deed, or, if such an event has occurred, giving details of 
it;
(v) 
for each Series send to the Trustee at least 48 hours (if practicable) before it is to be issued 
the form of each notice to be given to the Warrantholders and, once given, two copies of 
each such notice;
(vi) 
forthwith upon request by the Trustee give notice to the Warrantholders of any Series of 
any unconditional payment to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Trustee of 
any sum due in respect of the Warrants of such Series made after the due date for such 
payment;
(vii) 
in relation to each Series:
(A) 
comply and procure that each of the parties thereto complies with its obligations 
under the Agency Agreement, any Swap Agreement, any Deposit Agreement or 
any Repurchase Agreement; and
(B) 
procure that any Swap Counterparty gives the Trustee notice of any substitution of 
the Compartment Assets with substitute securities or cash substitute in accordance 
with the terms of Condition 9(f);
(viii) 
not commingle its assets with those of any other entity; and 
(ix)  
observe all formalities required by its memorandum and articles of association (including 
maintaining adequate capital for its operations). 
4. 
Exercise Rights 
(a) 
American Style Warrants
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period. 
"Exercise Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, a day that is a Business Day; and

--- Page 649 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 649 - 
(ii) 
in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, a day that is a Business Day and a Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
(A) 
Clearing System Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Clearing System Warrants held by a Common Depository on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System:
If (i) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, any American 
Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined below) has been delivered in the 
manner set out in Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as appropriate, 
on the Expiration Date, shall become void.
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms, any such American Style Warrant shall be automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 5(g) shall apply.
The Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered 
prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) to the relevant Clearing System, and the copy thereof is received 
by the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or, if the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and 
Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the Expiration Date, is 
referred to herein as the "Actual Exercise Date". If any Exercise Notice is received by the relevant 
Clearing System or if the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, 
in each case, after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period, 
such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, 
which Exercise Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any 
such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 5 at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration Date shall (A) (x) if the Warrants 
are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms or (y) if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, become void or (B) if the Warrants are 
Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, 
be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
(B) 
Registered Warrants
If (i) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, any American 
Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms any such American Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice 
has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, 
on the Expiration Date shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date and the provisions of 
Condition 5(g) shall apply.  
The Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered 
prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, to the Registrar and a copy thereof so received by the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent or, if the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise 
is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered at 
or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, on the Expiration Date, the Expiration Date is referred to 
herein as the "Actual Exercise Date". If any such Exercise Notice is delivered to the Registrar, or if 
the copy thereof is received by the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, in each case, after 10.00 
a.m., Luxembourg time, on any Business Day, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been

--- Page 650 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 650 - 
delivered on the next Exercise Business Day which next Exercise Business Day shall be deemed to 
be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice 
has been received in the manner set out in Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, 
on the Expiration Date shall (A) if (x) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic 
Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms or (y) the Warrants are Physical 
Delivery Warrants, become void or (B) if the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic 
Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date as provided above. 
(b)
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date. 
(A) 
Clearing System Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Clearing System Warrants held by a Common Depository on 
behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System: 
If (i) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Final Terms or (ii) the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, any European Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Actual Exercise Date, shall become void. 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms, any such Warrant shall be automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise 
Date and the provisions of Condition 5(g) shall apply. 
(B) 
Registered Warrants
If (i) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Final Terms or (ii) the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, any European Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, on the Actual Exercise Date, shall become 
void. If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in 
the applicable Final Terms, any such European Style Warrant with respect to which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 5, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg 
time, on the Actual Exercise Date, shall be automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date and 
the provisions of Condition 5(g) shall apply. 
(c)
Cash Settlement 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit entitles its holder, upon due exercise and subject, in the case of 
Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to 
receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the Cash Settlement Amount. 
The "Cash Settlement Amount" shall be an amount (which may never be less than zero) to which 
the Holder of Warrants is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation to each such Warrant, or, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, equal to the Final 
Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Aggregation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms Warrants exercised at the 
same time by the same holder of Warrants will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
aggregate Cash Settlement Amounts payable in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may 
be

--- Page 651 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 651 - 
The Cash Settlement Amount (if any) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention, provided that: 
(i)
if Rounding Convention 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Cash 
Settlement Amount shall be calculated using a maximum of four decimal places (with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards) and shall be rounded to the second decimal place (with 
0.005 being rounded upwards); or 
(ii)
if Rounding Convention 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Cash 
Settlement Amount shall not be subject to rounding but Securities of the same Series held 
by the same Holder of Warrants will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the 
aggregate Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such Warrants and the aggregate of such 
Cash Settlement Amounts will be rounded down to the nearest whole sub-unit of the 
Settlement Currency in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine,  
provided that if the product of the Final Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable in respect of the 
relevant Warrant (and such Warrant shall expire worthless). 
If the Cash Settlement Amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) 
Physical Settlement 
(i) 
Exercise Rights in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants 
If the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, each such Warrant or, if Units are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, entitles its holder, upon due 
exercise and subject, in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant, to 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership, to receive from the Issuer on the 
Settlement Date the Entitlement subject to payment of the relevant Exercise Price and any 
other sums payable. The method of delivery of the Entitlement is set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If Aggregation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants or Units, 
as the case may be, exercised at the same time by the same Warrantholder will be aggregated 
for the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Warrants or 
Units, as the case may be, provided that the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same 
Warrantholder will be rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each 
of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Therefore, 
fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, will 
not be delivered and no cash adjustment will be made in respect thereof. 
Following exercise of a Share Linked Warrant which is a Physical Delivery Warrant, all 
dividends on the relevant Shares to be delivered will be payable to the party that would 
receive such dividend according to market practice for a sale of the Shares executed on the 
relevant Actual Exercise Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant 
Shares. Any such dividends to be paid to a Warrantholder will be paid to the account 
specified by the Warrantholder in the relevant Exercise Notice as referred to in Condition 
5.

--- Page 652 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 652 - 
(ii) 
Physical Settlement Disruption 
If, following the exercise of Physical Delivery Warrants, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, delivery of the Entitlement in such commercially reasonable manner as the 
Calculation Agent has determined is not practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption 
Event (as defined below) having occurred and continuing on any Settlement Date, then such 
Settlement Date for such Warrants shall be postponed to the first following Settlement 
Business Day in respect of which there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided 
that the Calculation Agent may require in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner that the Issuer will satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, 
as the case may be, by delivering the Entitlement using such other commercially reasonable 
manner as it may select and in such event the Settlement Date shall be such day as the 
Calculation Agent deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such 
other commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement 
Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, 
the Settlement Date for the Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event 
will be the originally designated Settlement Date. In the event that a Settlement Disruption 
Event will result in the delivery on a Settlement Date of some but not all of the Relevant 
Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Calculation Agent shall determine, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the appropriate pro rata portion of the 
Exercise Price to be paid by the relevant Warrantholder in respect of that partial settlement. 
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Settlement 
Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other 
provision hereof, the Calculation Agent may elect in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner that the Issuer will satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, by payment to the relevant Warrantholder of the 
Disruption Cash Settlement Price (as defined below) on the fifth Business Day following 
the date that notice of such election is given to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 17. Payment of the Disruption Cash Settlement Price will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Warrantholder in accordance with Condition 17. The Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholder in accordance with 
Condition 17 that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred. No Warrantholder shall be 
entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, in 
the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a 
Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (if any). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Disruption Cash Settlement Price" in respect of any relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, shall be the fair market value of such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be 
(disregarding, where the Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the 
Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such non-affected Relevant Assets have 
been duly delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less the cost to 
the Swap Counterparty and/or its Affiliates of unwinding the Swap Agreement and any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, plus, if applicable and if already 
paid, the Exercise Price (or, where as provided above some Relevant Assets have been 
delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion); 
"Settlement Business Day" in respect of each Warrant, has the meaning specified in the 
applicable Final Terms relating to such Warrant; and

--- Page 653 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 653 - 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, as a result of which 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, cannot make delivery of the Relevant 
Asset(s) using the method specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Variation of Settlement 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary settlement in 
respect of the Warrants, upon a valid exercise of Warrants in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions, the Issuer may (if it has received a notification from the Swap Counterparty 
that the Swap Counterparty intends to vary settlement under the related Swap Agreement 
or the Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer should so vary settlement) in respect of 
each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, elect 
not to pay the relevant Warrantholders the Cash Settlement Amount or to deliver or procure 
delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant Warrantholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu 
thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the Cash 
Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date to the relevant Warrantholders, as the case may 
be. Notification of such election will be given to Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 17. 
(ii) 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, following a valid exercise of Warrants in 
accordance with these Conditions, the Issuer shall (if it has received a notification from the 
Swap Counterparty that the Swap Counterparty intends to vary settlement under the related 
Swap Agreement or the Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer should so vary 
settlement), in respect of each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Unit, in lieu of delivering or procuring the delivery of the Entitlement to the 
relevant Warrantholders, make payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement 
Date to the relevant Warrantholders. 
(f) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Amount 
Unless Issuer's Option to Substitute is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
following a valid exercise of Warrants in accordance with these Conditions, the Issuer shall, in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in respect of such Warrants, if the Calculation Agent 
determines (in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that the Relevant Asset or 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprise(s) shares which are not freely tradeable, elect either 
(i) to substitute for the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, an equivalent value 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) of such other shares which the Calculation Agent determines, in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, are freely tradeable (the "Substitute Asset" or the "Substitute 
Assets", as the case may be) or (ii) not to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the 
Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may be, to the relevant Warrantholders, but in lieu 
thereof to make payment to the relevant Warrantholders on the Delivery Date of an amount equal to 
the fair market value of the Entitlement on the Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to such sources as 
it considers appropriate (the "Alternate Cash Amount"). Notification of any such election will be 
given to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17. 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradeable" share shall mean (i) with respect to the United States, a 
share which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the Securities Act and which 
is not purchased from the issuer of such share and not purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of 
such share or which otherwise meets the requirements of a freely tradeable share for purposes of the 
Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a

--- Page 654 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 654 - 
commercially reasonable manner or (ii) with respect to any other jurisdiction, a share not subject to 
any legal restrictions on transfer in such jurisdiction. 
(g) 
FX Settlement Disruption Event
If the Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant Currency, FX 
Settlement Disruption will apply, and: 
(A) 
if, on the second Business Day prior to the Disrupted Payment Date, the Calculation 
Agent (in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that a 
FX Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "FX Settlement Disruption Notice") to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter and, in any 
event, prior to the relevant Disrupted Payment Date; 
(B) 
following the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event: 
(1) 
the date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount will be postponed 
to (i) the second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a FX Settlement Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting or if earlier (ii) the date falling thirty calendar days following the 
scheduled due date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount (the "FX 
Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date") which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
may be later than the scheduled Settlement Date; and 
(2) 
(i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted 
Amount, less FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the 
Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or, (ii) in the 
case of (A)(ii) above, in lieu of paying the relevant Disrupted Amount in 
the relevant Settlement Currency, the Issuer will, subject to sub-paragraph 
(C) below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount into the FX Settlement 
Disruption Currency (using the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate 
for the relevant Disrupted Payment Date) and will pay the relevant 
Disrupted Amount, less FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the 
FX Settlement Disruption Currency on the FX Settlement Disruption Cut-
off Date; 
(C) 
if sub-paragraph B(ii) applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the FX 
Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner in accordance with the following procedures: 
(1) 
the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the 
bid and offer Settlement Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
exchange rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign 
exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on such day; or 
(2) 
if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid 
and offer Settlement Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
exchange rates on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX 
Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner;

--- Page 655 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 655 - 
(D) 
for the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the 
postponement of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition 4(g), and no 
additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for 
payment;  
(E) 
for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Condition 4(g) shall prevent 
the Issuer from determining that an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event has occurred, in which case, the provisions of 
Condition 8(e) shall prevail in the event of any conflict between this Condition 4(g) 
and Condition 8(e). 
(F) 
For these purposes: 
"Disrupted Amount" means the relevant Interest Amount, Final Settlement 
Amount or such other amount payable (if any);  
"Disrupted Payment Date" means the due date for payment of the relevant Interest 
Amount, Final Settlement Amount or such other amount payable (if any); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" means US dollars ("USD");  
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which 
makes it unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable to pay any Disrupted 
Amount in the Settlement Currency on the scheduled due date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between 
the Settlement Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the FX 
Settlement Disruption Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) above; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" means the sum of (i) the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the 
Securities and (ii) any transaction, settlement or other costs and expenses arising 
directly out of the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event or the related 
payment of the Disrupted Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent  in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
"Relevant Currency" means each of Emirati Dirhams ("AED"), Argentinian 
Pesos ("ARS"), Australian Dollars ("AUD"), Bermudan Dollars ("BMD"), 
Bulgarian Leva ("BGN"), Bahraini Dinars ("BHD"), Botswana Pula ("BWP"), 
Brazilian Reais ("BRL"), Canadian Dollars ("CAD"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), 
Chilean Pesos ("CLP"), Czech Koruna ("CZK"), Danish Kroner ("DKK"), Euro 
("EUR"), Great British Pounds ("GBP"), Ghanaian Cedis ("GHS"), Hong Kong 
Dollars ("HKD"), Croatian Kuna ("KRJ"), Hungarian Forints ("HUF"), 
Indonesian Rupiah ("IDR"), Israeli Shekels ("ILS"), Icelandic Krónur ("ISK"), 
Jordanian Dinars ("JOD"), Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Kenyan Shillings ("KES"), 
Kuwaiti Dinars ("KWD"), Kazakhstani Tenges ("KZT"), Lebanese Pounds 
("LBP"), Moroccan Dirhams ("MAD"), Mauritian Rupees ("MUR"), Mexican 
Pesos ("MXN"), Malaysian Ringgits ("MYR"), Namibian Dollars ("NAD"), 
Nigerian Naira ("NGN"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), New Zealand Dollars 
("NZD"), Omani Riyals ("OMR"), Peruvian Nuevos Soles ("PEN"), Philippine 
Pesos ("PHP"), Polish Zloty ("PLN"), Qatari Riyals ("QAR"), Romanian Lei 
("RON"), Russian Roubles ("RUB"), Saudi Riyals ("SAR"), Swedish Kronor 
("SEK"), Singaporean Dollars ("SGD"), Thai Baht ("THB"), Tunisian Dinars

--- Page 656 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 656 - 
("TND"), Turkish Lire ("TRY"), United States Dollars ("USD") and South African 
Rand ("ZAR"). 
(h) 
General 
In relation to any Cash Settled Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the 
applicable Final Terms, the expressions "exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be 
construed to apply to any such Cash Settled Warrants which are automatically exercised in 
accordance with the above provisions. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent, the Trustee, the Swap 
Counterparty and any Warrant and Certificate Agent shall have any responsibility for any errors or 
omissions in the calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount or of any Entitlement. 
The purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder of such Warrants any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
5. 
Exercise Procedure  
(a) 
Exercise Notice in respect of Clearing System Warrants 
Subject as provided in Condition 5(g), Warrants represented by a Clearing Global Warrant held by 
a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System, may only be exercised by the delivery, or the sending by fax, of a duly 
completed exercise notice (an "Exercise Notice") in the form set out in the Agency Agreement 
(copies of which form may be obtained from the relevant Clearing System and the relevant Warrant 
and Certificate Agents during normal office hours) to the relevant Clearing System, with a copy to 
the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 
4 and this Condition. 
(i) 
In the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(A) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being 
exercised and, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
Units being exercised; 
(B) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's securities account at the relevant 
Clearing System to be debited with the Warrants; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct the relevant Clearing System to debit on or before the 
Settlement Date the Warrantholder's securities account with the Warrants being 
exercised; 
(D) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearing System 
to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, 
as the case may be, being exercised; 
(E) 
include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses, and an authority to the 
relevant Clearing System to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any Cash 
Settlement Amount due to such Warrantholder and/or to debit a specified account 
at the relevant Clearing System; 
(F) 
certify, in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant that the beneficial 
owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Exercise Notice), the Warrant is not being exercised within the United States or on 
behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property has been or will be

--- Page 657 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 657 - 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
person in connection with any exercise thereof; and, where appropriate, undertake 
to provide such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the 
securities, commodities, tax and other laws of the United States of America as 
indicated and set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(G) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings, 
 all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
(ii) 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(A) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being 
exercised and, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
Units being exercised; 
(B) 
specify the number of the Warrantholder's securities account at the relevant 
Clearing System to be debited with the Warrants being exercised; 
(C) 
irrevocably instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System to debit on or before the Settlement Date the 
Warrantholder's securities account with the Warrants being exercised or Units, as 
the case may be, being exercised; 
(D) 
irrevocably instruct the relevant Clearing System to debit on the Actual Exercise 
Date a specified account with such Clearing System with the aggregate Exercise 
Prices in respect of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be (together with any 
other amounts payable); 
(E) 
include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses and in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing 
System, an authority to the relevant Clearing System to debit a specified account 
at the relevant Clearing System and to pay such Exercise Expenses; 
(F) 
include such details as may be required by the relevant Clearing System and/or the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent for delivery of the Entitlement which may 
include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose 
name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or 
agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered and 
specify the name and the number of the Warrantholder's account with the relevant 
Clearing System to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in respect 
of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event or a 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer electing to pay the Disruption 
Cash Settlement Price or Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as applicable, or as a 
result of the Issuer (following a notification to such effect from the Calculation 
Agent) electing to pay the Alternate Cash Amount; 
(G) 
in the case of Currency Linked Warrants only, specify the number of the 
Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearing System to be credited with the 
amount due upon exercise of the Warrants or Units, as the case may be;

--- Page 658 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 658 - 
(H) 
certify, in the case of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant that the beneficial 
owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Exercise Notice), the Warrant is not being exercised within the United States or on 
behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property has been or will be 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
person in connection with any exercise thereof; and, where appropriate, undertake 
to provide such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the 
securities, commodities, tax and other laws of the United States of America as may 
reasonably be required by the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent; and 
(I) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
(iii) 
If Condition 4(e)(ii) applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered will be 
different from that set out above. Copies of such Exercise Notice may be obtained from the 
relevant Clearing System or, as the case may be, the Warrant and Certificate Agents during 
normal office hours. 
If Condition 4(e)(ii) applies, unless the applicable Final Terms specifies otherwise, 
Warrantholders will be required to deliver an Exercise Notice specifying appropriate 
information relating to the settlement of Cash Settled Warrants. 
(b)
Exercise Notice in respect of Registered Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Registered Warrants: 
Warrants may only be exercised by the delivery in writing of a duly completed exercise notice (an 
"Exercise Notice") in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be 
obtained from the Registrar) to the Registrar with a copy to the Principal Warrant and Certificate 
Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 4 and this Condition. 
(i) 
In the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(A) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being 
exercised and, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
Units being exercised; 
(B) 
irrevocably instruct the Registrar to remove from the Register on or before the 
Settlement Date the Warrants being exercised; 
(C) 
specify the details of the account to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount 
(if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(D) 
include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any 
applicable depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp 
duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties 
arising in connection with the exercise of such Warrants ("Exercise Expenses") 
and an authority to the Registrar to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any 
Cash Settlement Amount due to such Warrantholder; 
(E) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. 
person (as defined in the Exercise Notice), the Warrant is not being exercised 
within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or 
other property has been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for

--- Page 659 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 659 - 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any exercise thereof; 
and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in 
respect of restrictions under the securities, commodities, tax and other laws of the 
United States of America as may reasonably be required by the Principal Warrant 
and Certificate Agent; and 
(F) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
(ii) 
In the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Notice shall: 
(A) 
specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being 
exercised and, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
Units being exercised; 
(B) 
irrevocably instruct the Registrar to remove from the Register on or before the 
Settlement Date the Warrants being exercised; 
(C) 
include an undertaking to pay to the Issuer the aggregate Exercise Prices in respect 
of such Warrants or Units, as the case may be (together with any other amounts 
payable); 
(D) 
include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses; 
(E) 
include such details as may be required by the relevant Clearing System and/or the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent for delivery of the Entitlement which may 
include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose 
name evidence of the Entitlement is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or 
agent to whom documents evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered and 
specify the account to be credited with any cash payable by the Issuer, either in 
respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or any dividends relating 
to the Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event 
or a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer (following a notification to 
such effect from the Calculation Agent) electing to pay the Disruption Cash 
Settlement Price or Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as applicable, or as a result 
of the Issuer (following a notification to such effect from the Calculation Agent) 
electing to pay the Alternate Cash Amount; 
(F) 
in the case of Currency Linked Warrants only, specify the details of the account to 
be credited with the amount due upon exercise of the Warrants;  
(G) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. 
person (as defined in the Exercise Notice), the Warrant is not being exercised 
within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or 
other property has been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any exercise thereof; 
and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in 
respect of restrictions under the securities, commodities, tax and other laws of the 
United States of America as may reasonably be required by the Principal Warrant 
and Certificate Agent; and 
(H) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings,

--- Page 660 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 660 - 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
(iii) 
If Condition 4(e)(ii) applies, the form of Exercise Notice required to be delivered will be 
different from that set out above. Copies of such Exercise Notice may be obtained from the 
Registrar. 
(c)
Verification of the Warrantholder 
In the case of Clearing System Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the relevant Clearing 
System shall verify that the person exercising the Warrants is the holder thereof according to the 
books of such Clearing System. Subject thereto, the relevant Clearing System will confirm to the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent the Series number and the number of Warrants being 
exercised and the account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or, 
as the case may be, the details for the delivery of the Entitlement of each Warrant or Unit, as the 
case may be, being exercised. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Warrant and 
Certificate Agent will inform the Issuer, Calculation Agent and Swap Counterparty thereof. The 
relevant Clearing System will on or before the Settlement Date debit the securities account of the 
relevant Warrantholder with the Warrants being exercised. If the Warrants are American Style 
Warrants, upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the Global Warrant, the Common 
Depositary will, on the instructions of, and on behalf of the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, 
note such exercise on the Schedule to such Global Warrant and the number of Warrants so 
constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised. 
In the case of Registered Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Registrar shall verify that 
the person exercising the Warrants is the Warrantholder according to the Register. Subject thereto, 
the Registrar shall confirm to the Issuer the Series number and the number of Warrants being 
exercised and the account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or, 
as the case may be, the details for delivery of the Entitlement of each Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, being exercised. The Registrar will on or before the Settlement Date remove from the 
Register the Warrants being exercised. If the Warrants are American Style Warrants, upon exercise 
of less than all the Warrants constituted by the Registered Global Warrant, the Registrar will note 
such exercise on the Schedule to the Registered Global Warrant and the number of Warrants so 
constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised. 
(d) 
Settlement 
(i) 
Cash Settled Warrants 
If the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, the Issuer shall on the Settlement Date pay or 
cause to be paid the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each duly exercised Warrant or 
Unit, as the case may be, to the Warrantholder's account specified in the relevant Exercise 
Notice for value on the Settlement Date less any Exercise Expenses. 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
Subject to payment of the aggregate Exercise Prices and payment of any Exercise Expenses 
with regard to the relevant Warrants or Units, as the case may be, the Issuer shall on the 
Settlement Date deliver, or procure the delivery of, the Entitlement for each duly exercised 
Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, pursuant to the details specified in the Exercise Notice. 
Subject as provided in Condition 4(d), the Entitlement shall be delivered and evidenced in 
such manner as set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 661 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 661 - 
(e) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be 
made by (i) in the case of Clearing System Warrants, the relevant Clearing System or (ii) in the case 
of Registered Warrants, the Registrar, in each case, in consultation with the Principal Warrant and 
Certificate Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the 
Warrant and Certificate Agents and the relevant Warrantholder. Subject as set out below, any 
Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be immediately after being 
delivered or sent to the relevant Clearing System, or the Registrar as provided in Condition 5(b) 
above, as the case may be, shall be null and void.  In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct 
on its part, none of the Issuer or, the Guarantor, if any, shall be liable to any person with respect to 
any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification 
of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System 
or the Registrar, as the case may be, in consultation with the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, 
it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered 
to the relevant Clearing System or the Registrar, as the case may be, and the Principal Warrant and 
Certificate Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be. 
If (A) the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants and Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying 
in the applicable Final Terms or (B) the Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants, any Warrant with 
respect to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set 
out above before the Expiration Date specified in Condition 4(a), in the case of American Style 
Warrants, or Condition 4(b), in the case of European Style Warrants, shall become void. 
The relevant Clearing System or the Registrar, as the case may be, shall use its best efforts promptly 
to notify the Warrantholder submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, it has determined that such Exercise 
Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on 
its part, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Warrant and Certificate Agents, the Registrar 
or the relevant Clearing System shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or 
omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such 
determination to a Warrantholder. 
(f) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant Warrantholder 
to exercise the Warrants specified. After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, such exercising 
Warrantholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
(g) 
Automatic Exercise 
(i) 
This Condition only applies if the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants, Automatic Exercise 
is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and Warrants are automatically 
exercised as provided in Condition 4(a) or Condition 4(b). 
(ii) 
No Exercise Notice is required to be submitted or any other action required to be taken by 
any relevant Warrantholder in order to receive the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of 
such Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Unit, as the case may 
be. The Issuer shall transfer or cause to be transferred to each Clearing System through 
which such Warrants are held an amount equal to the aggregate of the Cash Settlement 
Amounts in respect of the Warrants held in each such Clearing System and each such 
Clearing System shall, subject to having received such aggregate Cash Settlement Amount,

--- Page 662 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 662 - 
on the Settlement Date credit the account of each Warrantholder of such Warrant(s) in its 
books with an amount equal to the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount relating to the 
Warrant(s) held by such Warrantholder and on or before the Settlement Date debit such 
account with the number of Warrants exercised and in respect of which such Cash 
Settlement Amount is being paid. Neither the Issuer nor, if applicable, the Guarantor shall 
have any responsibility for the crediting by the relevant Clearing System of any such 
amounts to any such accounts. 
(iii) 
In order to receive the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of a Warrant, or if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Unit, as the case may be, the relevant holder must, 
in the case of Registered Warrants, deliver in writing a duly completed Exercise Notice to 
the Registrar with a copy to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, on any Business 
Day until not later than 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, on the Business Day immediately 
preceding the day (the "Cut-off Date") falling 180 days after (A) the Expiration Date, in 
the case of American Style Warrants or (B) the Actual Exercise Date, in the case of 
European Style Warrants. The Exercise Notice shall include the applicable information set 
out in the Exercise Notice referred to in Condition 5(a)(i), Condition 5(a)(ii), Condition 
5(a)(iii), Condition 5(b)(i), Condition 5(b)(ii) or Condition 5(b)(iii), as applicable. The 
Business Day during the period from the Expiration Date or the Actual Exercise Date, as 
the case may be, until the Cut-off Date on which an Exercise Notice is delivered to the 
relevant Clearing System, or in the case of Registered Warrants, the Registrar, and a copy 
thereof delivered to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent is referred to in this 
Condition 5(g) as the "Exercise Notice Delivery Date", provided that, in the case of 
Registered Warrants, if the Exercise Notice is received by the Registrar or the copy thereof 
received by the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent after 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, 
on any Business Day, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have been delivered on the 
next Business Day, which Business Day shall be deemed to be the Exercise Notice Delivery 
Date. 
Subject to the relevant Warrantholder performing its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be, in accordance with these Conditions, the Settlement Date for such 
Warrants or Units, as the case may be, shall be the fifth Business Day following the Exercise Notice 
Delivery Date. In the event that a Warrantholder does not, where applicable, so deliver an Exercise 
Notice in accordance with this Condition 5(g) prior to, in the case of Registered Warrants, 10.00 
a.m., Luxembourg time, on the Cut-off Date, the Issuer's obligations in respect of such Warrants 
shall be discharged and no further liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, if any. For the avoidance of doubt, a Warrantholder shall not be entitled to any payment, 
whether of interest or otherwise, in respect of the period from the Actual Exercise Date to the 
Settlement Date.  
(h) 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the 
relevant Exercise Date and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Registrar or the Warrant 
and Certificate Agents shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated, after using all reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Trustee or the Agents shall under any circumstances 
be liable for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing System in relation to the performance of its 
duties in relation to the Warrants. 
(i) 
Automatic Early Expiration
(i) 
If "Automatic Early Expiration" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then unless previously exercised or cancelled, if on (i) any Automatic Early Expiration

--- Page 663 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 663 - 
Valuation Date (the "Relevant Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date") or (ii) in 
respect of an Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, an Automatic Early Expiration Event occurs, the Warrants will be 
automatically cancelled in whole, but not in part, on the relevant Automatic Early Expiration 
Date and the amount (if any) payable on the Automatic Early Expiration Settlement Date by 
the Issuer upon cancellation shall be equal to the relevant Automatic Early Expiration 
Payout Amount. 
(ii) 
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Expiration 
"AER Knock-out Event" means the occurrence (such date of occurrence the AER Knock-
out Date) of a Knock-out Event and/or a Knock-in Event as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Date" means the Relevant Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation Date or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and 
no Warrantholder shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Event" means that (a) if SPS AER Valuation is specified as 
applicable, the SPS AER Value is; or (b) if SPS AER Valuation and AER Knock-out Event 
are specified as not applicable (x) in the case of a single Underlying Reference, the 
Underlying Reference Level or (y) in the case of a Basket of Underlying References, the 
Basket Price is in each case, (A) "greater than", (B) "greater than or equal to", (C) "less 
than" or (D) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Expiration Level as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (c) if SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable and AER 
Knock-out is specified as applicable, an AER Knock-out occurs; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Level" means the level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as 
applicable; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Payout Amount" means an amount equal to the Automatic 
Early Redemption Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the product 
of the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on 
cancellation of the Warrant pursuant to this Condition and such Warrant shall expire 
worthless. If the Automatic Early Expiration Payout Amount is not an amount in the 
Settlement Currency, if specified in the applicable Final Terms it will be converted into the 
Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Settlement Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date" means (i) the AER Knock-out Date or (ii) 
each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Warrants (other than Custom Index Linked 
Warrants) Share Linked Warrants, Debt Linked Warrants or ETI Linked Warrants, a Custom 
Index Business Day (in the case of Custom Index linked Warrants), a Commodity Business 
Day in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants, Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund 
Linked Warrants), Business Day (in the case of other Warrants), as applicable, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index Business Day, Commodity Business Day, 
Fund Business Day or Business Day as applicable, unless, in the case of Index Linked

--- Page 664 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 664 - 
Warrants, Share Linked Warrants, Debt Linked Warrants, ETI Linked Warrants or 
Commodity Linked Warrants, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day (in respect of Index Linked Warrants (other than Custom Index Linked 
Warrants) Share Linked Warrants, Debt Linked Warrants or ETI Linked Warrants), a 
Custom Index Disruption is occurring on such day (in respect of Custom Index Linked 
Warrants) or a Market Disruption Event is occurring on such day (in respect of Commodity 
Linked Warrants).  If any such day is a Disrupted Day, a day on which a Custom Index 
Disruption is occurring or (except in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants) a day on 
which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, as applicable, then the corresponding 
provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references 
in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date" 
or (in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants) if any such day is a day on which a Market 
Disruption Event is occurring, then the provisions of "Pricing Date" shall apply mutatis 
mutandis as if references in such provision to "Pricing Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Expiration Valuation Date"; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Basket of Underlying References" means, for the purposes of this Condition 5(i), the 
Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares, Basket of Debt Securities, ETI Basket, Basket of 
Commodities or other basis of reference to which the value of the relevant Warrants may 
relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Basket Price" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each 
Underlying Reference as the product of (a) the Underlying Reference Level of such 
Underlying Reference on such Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date and (b) the 
relevant Weighting;  
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest 
Rate(i) specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, 
the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i)
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value" means the value calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"SPR AER Value" means the value specified from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 
1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 


n
1
i
(i)
(i)
Rate
Reference
g
 Underlyin
Multiple
 x 
Gearing
Rate
Interest 
g
 Underlyin
Multiple

--- Page 665 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 665 - 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Condition 5(i), each Index, Custom 
Index, Share, Debt Security, ETI Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Subject 
Currency,  Fund or other basis of reference to which the relevant Warrants relate;  
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Expiration 
Valuation Date, (i) "official level", "official close", "last price", "bid price" or "asked price"  
of the Underlying Reference or the Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms published by the Observation Price Source or (ii) if Standard 
Underlying Reference Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (a) in 
the case of Share Linked Warrants and ETI Linked Warrants, the price of the relevant 
Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Linked Warrants and Custom Index Linked 
Warrants, the level of the relevant Underlying Reference, (c) in the case of Commodity 
Linked Warrants, the Relevant Price, or (d) in the case of Currency Linked Warrants, the 
spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the Subject Currency into the Base Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Subject Currency for which one 
unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), in each case, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Time on such Automatic Early 
Expiration Valuation Date or, in the case of the "official close" level, at such time on such 
Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date as the "official close" level is published by the 
Observation Price Source. 
(j) 
Settlement Date Postponement
Where "Settlement Date Postponement" is specified as applicable the applicable Final Terms and 
the Settlement Date Postponement Event Condition is satisfied, the Settlement Date will be the day 
falling the number of Postponement Business Days after the Cash Settlement Payment Date.  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(j):  
"Settlement Date Postponement Event Condition" means due to the occurrence of an event 
leading to the occurrence of one or more Disrupted Days (in the case of Index Linked Warrants, 
Share Linked Warrants, Currency Linked Warrants or ETI Linked Warrants) or a Commodity 
Disrupted Day (in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants), the Cash Settlement Payment Date 
would not fall at least two Business Days before the scheduled Settlement Date; 
"Cash Settlement Payment Date" means the day falling the number of Payment Delay Days after 
the final Valuation Date;  
"Postponement Business Days" means the number of Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and 
"Payment Delay Days" means the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(k) 
Condition to Final Payout Premium 
Where "Condition to Final Payout Payment" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the obligation of the Issuer to pay a Final Payout Premium as part of the Cash Settlement Amount 
will be subject to the receipt of an aggregate amount equal to the Final Payout Premium payable in 
respect of each Warrant outstanding on or prior to the Settlement Date from the Swap Counterparty 
under the Swap Agreement. In the event that the Swap Counterparty fails to pay an amount under 
the Swap Agreement or the Swap Agreement terminates for any reason other than as scheduled on 
its scheduled termination date or where the termination of the Swap Agreement has resulted from an 
Event of Default thereunder where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party, the Issuer will have no further 
obligation to pay an amount equal to the Final Payout Premium in respect of each Warrant (but 
without prejudice to the Issuer's obligations to pay an amount equal to the Scheduled Cash Settlement

--- Page 666 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 666 - 
Amount less the relevant Final Payout Premium in respect of each Warrant) and no Event of Default 
will occur in respect of such non-payment save where the termination of the Swap Agreement has 
resulted from an Event of Default thereunder where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party.  
For the purposes of this Condition 5(k): 
"Final Payout Premium" means, in respect of a Warrant, a pro rata share of an amount equal to the 
amount by which the Scheduled Cash Settlement Amount is greater than the amount which the Issuer 
is scheduled to receive in respect of the Charged Assets other than the Swap Agreement on maturity 
or termination of such assets; and 
"Scheduled Cash Settlement Amount" means an amount equal to the scheduled Cash Settlement 
Amount which would have been payable by the Issuer had the Swap Counterparty paid the amounts 
it was scheduled to pay under the Swap Agreement and/or the Swap Agreement had not terminated 
prior to the Settlement Date. 
6. 
Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
(a) 
American Style Warrants 
This Condition 6(a) applies only to American Style Warrants. 
(i) 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Actual Exercise Date or, 
in the case of Automatic Exercise, the number of Warrants held by any Warrantholder on 
any Actual Exercise Date, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent, must not 
be less than the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise 
Number, must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall 
be void and of no effect. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any 
Actual Exercise Date by any Warrantholder or a group of Warrantholders (whether or not 
acting in concert) exceeds the Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the 
Maximum Exercise Number being the "Quota"), the Calculation Agent may deem the 
Actual Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, selected by the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, to be such day and 
the Actual Exercise Date for each additional Quota of such Warrants (and any remaining 
number thereof) to be each of the succeeding Exercise Business Days until all such Warrants 
have been attributed with an Actual Exercise Date, provided, however, that the deemed 
Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants which would thereby fall after the Expiration 
Date shall fall on the Expiration Date. In any case where more than the Quota of Warrants 
is exercised on the same day by holder(s) of Warrants, the order of settlement in respect of 
such Warrants shall be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(b)
European Style Warrants 
This Condition 6(b) applies only to European Style Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on the Exercise Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum 
Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void

--- Page 667 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 667 - 
and of no effect. 
7. 
Force Majeure 
If the Calculation Agent determines that by reason of force majeure or act of state occurring after 
the Trade Date it becomes impossible or impracticable for the Issuer to perform in whole or in part 
its obligations under the Warrants and/or any related hedging arrangements, the Issuer may cancel 
the Warrants by giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices) provided 
that if such an event would constitute both a force majeure under this Condition 7 and a Force 
Majeure Event as defined in Condition 8(o) (if specified as an applicable Optional Additional 
Disruption Event in the applicable Final Terms), it shall be deemed to be a Force Majeure Event. 
If the Issuer cancels the Warrants then the Issuer will, if and to the extent possible or practicable, 
pay an amount (if any) to each Warrantholder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such Warrantholder, which 
amount shall be the equal to the Early Termination Amount determined in accordance with Condition 
8(e).  For the purposes of determining the Early Termination Amount in accordance with Condition 
8(e), it shall be deemed that an Annex Early Redemption Event has occurred. 
Any payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices). 
8. 
Purchases and Cancellation 
(a) 
Purchases 
If the Issuer has satisfied the Trustee that it has made arrangements for the realisation of no more 
than the equivalent proportion of the Compartment Assets, for the repayment of no more than the 
equivalent proportion of any amount deposited under any Deposit Agreement, for the termination of 
no more than the equivalent proportion of any Swap Agreement and for the cancellation of the 
Warrants, which transaction will leave the Issuer with no net liabilities in respect thereof, the Issuer 
may at any time purchase Warrants at any price in the open market or otherwise, in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations.  The Trustee will accept as evidence of the satisfaction of the criteria 
to such purchase a certificate (which it may rely on without further enquiry) of the Issuer confirming 
such arrangements and confirming that the remaining Charged Assets are sufficient to secure the 
Issuer's remaining obligations in respect of the remaining Warrants.  If required by any applicable 
law or regulation, Warrants purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer will be surrendered for 
cancellation (within one Business Day of such purchase), in the case of Registered Warrants, by 
surrendering the certificate representing such Warrants to the Registrar. 
In such circumstances: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Secured Parties will be deemed to have consented to the release of the 
security in respect of that proportion of the Charged Assets that corresponds to the 
proportion that the number of Warrants being purchased bears to the total number of 
Warrants and Related Warrants (if any) remaining unexercised immediately prior to such 
purchase; 
(ii) 
unless an Event of Default or an event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, 
lapse of time, issue of a certificate and/or fulfilment of any other requirement provided for 
in Condition 11 (Events of Default) become an Event of Default (a "Potential Event of 
Default") has occurred and the Trustee has actual notice of such occurrence, such proportion 
of the Charged Assets shall be deemed to have been released from the security created under 
the Trust Deed.

--- Page 668 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 668 - 
(b)
Cancellation  
All Warrants which are purchased by the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled and may not be reissued 
or resold. Upon such cancellation, in the case of Warrants which are admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer will forthwith inform the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of 
such cancellation.  All Warrants so cancelled and any Warrants purchased and cancelled pursuant to 
paragraph (a) above shall be forwarded to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or, in the case 
of Registered Warrants, the Registrar, and cannot be reissued or resold.   
(c) 
Early Termination Events 
The applicable Final Terms may specify that any of the following events set out in this paragraph 
applies.  If any does so apply then in each case, in the event that the Calculation Agent notifies the 
Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor in writing (with a copy to the Trustee, on which notification 
the Trustee shall rely without further investigation or enquiry) that it has determined that one or more 
(as applicable) of the following events (each, an "Early Termination Event") has occurred: 
(i)  
there is a payment default in respect of any of the Charged Assets (other than the relevant 
Swap Agreement) (an "Asset Payment Default Event"); or 
(ii)  
the issuer or primary obligor in respect of any of the Charged Assets (each, a "Charged 
Assets Issuer") or any guarantor (if applicable) of the Charged Assets Issuer's obligations 
in respect of any Charged Assets fails to perform or observe any of its obligations under the 
relevant Charged Assets and the failure continues after the expiration of any applicable 
grace period or the occurrence of any event (including, but not limited to, default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (howsoever described)) that results in the Charged 
Assets becoming capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise 
have been due and payable (an "Asset Default Event"); or  
(iii)  
any of the Charged Assets is, for any reason, redeemed or otherwise terminated prior to its 
scheduled redemption or termination date (an "Asset Redemption Event"); or  
(iv) 
there is a payment default in respect of any of the Charged Assets (other than the relevant 
Swap Agreement) or the aggregate amount received by the Issuer in respect of the Charged 
Assets on the redemption date, expiration date or other date for final payment in respect of 
the Charged Assets is less than the aggregate of the Cash Settlement Amounts payable by 
the Issuer in respect of the Warrants (an "Asset Payment Shortfall Event"); or 
(v)  
on or after the Trade Date, (A) due to the adoption of any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or (B) due to the promulgation of or 
any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction), either (1) any amount is 
required to be deducted or withheld for or on account of any tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, 
assessment or fee of any nature imposed by any government or other taxing authority in 
respect of any payment to be received by the Issuer under one or more Charged Assets or 
(2) the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any amount for or on account of any tax, levy, impost, 
duty, charge, assessment or fee of any nature imposed by any government or other taxing 
authority in respect of (I) any payment received by the Issuer under one or more Charged 
Asset or (II) holding, acquiring or disposing of any Charged Asset (a "Compartment Tax 
Event"); or 
(vi) 
the early termination in full of any Swap Agreement (or any other agreement specified as a 
Related Agreement in the Final Terms) entered into in respect of the Warrants other than

--- Page 669 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 669 - 
where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
thereunder and the relevant event of default relates to the insolvency of the Issuer or under 
the Warrants or due to the purchase by the Issuer of all the outstanding Warrants of a Series 
(a "Related Agreement Termination Event"); or 
(vii) 
where an Annex to these Conditions is applicable, and in any event with respect to Condition 
8(e)(B) below, the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that an event has occurred in respect 
of which the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines it is not possible to make an adjustment in respect of such event and that 
the Warrants should be cancelled early as contemplated in either (A) such Annex or (B) 
Condition 8(e)(B), as the case may be (an "Annex Early Termination Event"); or  
(viii) 
on or after the Trade Date (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency 
or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing or financial 
authority) or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that 
it has become illegal for (1) the Issuer to perform its obligations in respect of any Warrants 
or the Swap Counterparty to perform its obligations in respect of any Swap Agreement, (2) 
for the Issuer to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to any Warrants 
or for the Swap Counterparty to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating 
to any Swap Agreement save where such an event in (A) or (B) would constitute an 
Additional Disruption Event or Optional Additional Disruption Event (in the case of Index 
Linked Warrants, Share Linked Warrants, Commodity Linked Warrants, Currency Linked 
Warrants, Fund Linked Warrants or ETI Linked Warrants) or an Extraordinary Fund Event 
(in the case of Fund Linked Warrants) or an Extraordinary ETI Event (in the case of ETI 
Linked Warrants) or the Warrants are Inflation Linked Warrants, or (3) for the Issuer to 
hold, acquire or dispose of any Compartment Assets (a "Compartment Change in Law 
Event"); or 
(ix) 
the Calculation Agent deems that, on or after the Trade Date, any of the following has 
occurred in respect of the Reference Securities  
(A)  
any event (by way of change to the actual terms and conditions applicable to the 
Reference Securities or by way of exchange of the Reference Securities with 
another asset) which would cause (1)  a reduction in the amount of interest payable 
or the amount of scheduled interest accruals, (2) a reduction in the amount of 
principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled redemption dates, (3) a 
postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (II) the payment of principal or premium, (4) a change in the 
ranking in priority of payment of any obligation of the issuer of the Reference 
Securities, causing the subordination of the Reference Securities to any other 
obligation or any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest 
or principal under the Reference Securities; or 
(B) 
any expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Reference Securities or a cancellation, conversion or compulsory 
exchange of the Reference Securities; or 
(C) 
any event analogous to the events specified in (A) or (B), 
(a "Reference Securities Restructuring Event"); or

--- Page 670 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 670 - 
(x)
(A) 
any event occurring as a result of action taken or announcement made by a 
governmental authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution 
law or regulation or any other similar law or regulation, in any case, irrespective of 
whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the Reference 
Securities which would cause (1) a reduction in the amount of interest payable or 
the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination), 
(2) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at 
scheduled redemption dates (including by way of redenomination), (3) a 
postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (II) the payment of principal or premium, (4) a change in the 
ranking in priority of payment of any obligation of the issuer of the Reference 
Securities, causing the subordination of the Reference Securities to any other 
obligation, or (5) any change in the currency or composition of any payment of 
interest or principal under the Reference Securities; or 
(B) 
any expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Reference Securities, or a mandatory cancellation, conversion or 
exchange; or 
(C) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (A) or (B), 
(a "Reference Securities Regulatory Event"); or 
(xi)
an authorised officer of the issuer of the Charged Assets or any guarantor of the obligations 
of the issuer of the Charged Assets in respect of any Charged Assets or a governmental 
authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of the Charged Assets or declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or 
deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to the Charged Assets (a "Charged Assets 
Repudiation/Moratorium Event"); or 
(xii)
the issuer, or primary obligor, or guarantor in respect of any of the Charged Assets: 
(A) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(B) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a 
judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to 
pay its debts as they become due; 
(C) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, 
scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(D) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency 
or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law 
or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or 
presented against it, such proceeding or petition: (1) results in a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order 
for its winding-up or liquidation; or (2) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation 
thereof; 
(E) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(F) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or 
for all or substantially all its assets;

--- Page 671 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 671 - 
(G) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a 
distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced 
or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party 
maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(H) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws 
of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-
paragraphs (A) to (G) (inclusive) above, 
(a "Charged Assets Issuer Bankruptcy Event"); or 
(xiii)
the Calculation Agent determines the Issuer is unable (due to reasons outside its control) to 
purchase the Reference Securities on the applicable Initial Reference Security Purchase 
Date(s), and such inability continues for a period of three (3) Business Days (or such longer 
period as may be determined by the Calculation Agent) after the applicable Initial Reference 
Security Purchase Date (a "Reference Securities Impossibility Event"), where "Initial 
Reference Security Purchase Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; or  
(xiv)
the Calculation Agent determines that (A) the Relevant Regulator has informed the 
Reference Security Issuer that the Reference Securities are, or are likely to be, an 
impediment to resolution of the Reference Security Issuer pursuant to the Resolution Rules, 
(B) the Reference Securities do not comply with the criteria applicable to eligible liabilities 
and are or are likely to be, excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements of the Reference Security Issuer according to the Relevant 
Rules as a consequence or (C) the Reference Securities are deemed to fall outside the 
category of obligations described in article L.613-30-3-I-5°(or, where Regulatory Ratio 
Event – SNP is specified in the applicable Final Terms, article L.613-30-3-I-4°) of the 
French Code monétaire et financier (a "Regulatory Ratio Event"),  
the Issuer shall forthwith give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Trustee and the Warrantholders pursuant to Condition 17 (Notices) prior to the 
specified date of cancellation (the "Early Termination Date") that it intends to cancel the Warrants 
in accordance with this Condition 8(c), and upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall cancel 
all, but not some only, of the Warrants and the Warrantholders shall be entitled to an amount 
determined in accordance with the following provisions of this Condition (such amount the "Early 
Termination Amount") (provided that the Final Terms may specify more than one of Liquidation 
Proceeds. Liquidation Proceeds/Fair Market Value or Liquidation Proceeds/No Unwind Costs) to 
apply in the applicable Final Terms in respect of different Early Redemption Events). 
Where Swap Termination Without Cancellation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be included in the term "Charged Assets" as 
used in Conditions 8(c)(i) to (iv) (inclusive) and the definition of Related Agreement Termination 
Event in Condition 8(c)(vi) shall not apply and shall be replaced by the following definition: 
"(vi) the early termination of any Swap Agreement entered into in respect of the Warrants other than 
where (i) the Issuer is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) and the 
relevant event of default relates to the insolvency of the Issuer, (ii) a Swap Default has occurred, or 
(iii) the Swap Agreement terminates due to the purchase by the Issuer of all the outstanding Warrants 
of a series (a "Related Agreement Termination Event");" 
Where the Series of Warrants has been issued through a Multi-Series Compartment, the reference to 
"Swap Agreement" in Condition 8(c)(vi) shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Series 
Transaction(s) entered into in respect of such Series of Warrants.

--- Page 672 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 672 - 
"Series Transaction" means where a Swap Agreement has been entered into respect of the Warrants 
and one or more series of Related Warrants, the transaction under the relevant Swap Agreement 
relating to the relevant Series of Warrants. 
As used in this Condition 8(c):  
"BNP Paribas Group" means BNP Paribas together with its consolidated subsidiaries; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
as published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014, as amended from time 
to time (including by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC) or such other directive 
as may come in effect in the place thereof; 
"CRD IV Rules" means any or any combination of the CRD IV, the CRR and any CRD IV 
Implementing Measures; 
"CRD IV" means the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 
June 2013, as amended from time to time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures) or such other directive as may come into 
effect in place thereof ; 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Relevant 
Regulator, which are applicable to the Reference Security Issuer and which prescribe the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the 
Reference Security Issuer; 
"CRR" means the Regulation 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended from time to time (including 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures 
to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting 
and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012) or such other directive as may come 
into effect in place thereof; 
"MREL/TLAC Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Reference Security 
Issuer and/or the BNP Paribas Group referred to in the BRRD, any other EU law or regulation and 
relevant implementing legislation and regulation in France and/or any other legislation or regulation 
as may come in effect in the place of, or in addition to, any of the foregoing which relates to 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or capacity to absorb losses; 
"Reference Security Issuer" means the issuer(s) of the Reference Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 673 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 673 - 
"Relevant Regulator" means the European Central Bank and any successor or replacement thereto, 
or other authority (including, but not limited to any resolution authority) having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Reference Security Issuer or the 
application of the Relevant Rules to the Reference Security Issuer and the BNP Paribas Group;  
"Relevant Rules" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies of 
the Relevant Regulator relating to capital adequacy applicable to the Reference Security Issuer from 
time to time including, for the avoidance of doubt, applicable rules contained in, or implementing 
the CRD IV Rules and/or the BRRD; and 
"Resolution Rules" means the BRRD and any other EU law or regulation and relevant implementing 
legislation and regulations in France relating thereto.
Where the Final Terms specify that the Warrantholders are entitled to Liquidation Proceeds, the 
Issuer shall appoint an agent to sell or otherwise realise the Charged Assets (the "Disposal Agent") 
which shall be the Calculation Agent (or such other party as may be agreed by the Issuer and the 
Trustee provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Disposal Agent may not be the Issuer) and 
each Warrant shall be entitled to a pro rata share of the Liquidation Proceeds. "Liquidation 
Proceeds" shall be an amount, subject to a maximum equal to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap save 
where "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, equal 
to the amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer upon the sale or realisation of the Charged 
Assets (including, without limitation, any termination payment received by the Issuer under the 
relevant Swap Agreement which relates to the Warrants (and not, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
termination payment (or part thereof) which relates to any series of Related Warrants) or the proceeds 
of any sale of the Issuer's claim to such termination amount and/or, where applicable, the amount 
received by the Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets on the redemption date, expiration date or 
other date for final payment in respect of the Charged Assets) after the deduction of any fees 
(including, without limitation, any legal fees), costs, expenses and taxes incurred by any Disposal 
Agent (for itself and on behalf of the Issuer), in respect of the sale or realisation of the Charged 
Assets and the early termination of the Warrants, any due and unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the 
Trustee and the Agents and any amounts due to be paid to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement. Where the Liquidation Proceeds Cap is applicable, "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" means 
(A) in the case of cancellation of the Warrants as a result of an Early Termination Event, the Cash 
Settlement Amount (calculated on the basis that any reference to the Exercise Date in relation to the 
determination thereof shall be deemed to be a reference to the Early Termination Date) that would 
have been payable (if Automatic Exercise were applicable to the Warrants and such Warrants were 
exercised in accordance with Automatic Exercise on the Early Termination Date) but for the 
occurrence of the Early Termination Event; or (B) following a Warrant Acceleration, the Cash 
Settlement Amount (calculated on the basis that any reference to the Exercise Date in relation to the 
determination thereof shall be deemed to be a reference to the date on which notice of Warrant 
Acceleration was given by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 11 (Events of Default) that 
would have been payable (if Automatic Exercise were applicable to the Warrants and such Warrants 
were exercised in accordance with Automatic Exercise on the date on which notice of Warrant 
Acceleration was given by the Trustee in accordance with Conditions 11 (Events of Default)) but for 
the occurrence of the Event of Default.  
Where the Final Terms specify that the Warrantholders are entitled to Liquidation Proceeds/Fair 
Market Value, the Calculation Agent will determine the fair market value of a Warrant (taking into 
account the occurrence of the relevant Early Termination Event but otherwise equal to a pro rata
share of the amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets following their early 
termination or realisation on or prior to the Early Termination Date) which such amount will be the 
Early Termination Amount in respect of each Warrant unless such amount would be less than the 
pro rata share of the Liquidation Proceeds (subject to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap) realised by a 
Disposal Agent appointed by the Issuer in respect of a Warrant, in which case a pro rata share of the

--- Page 674 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 674 - 
Liquidation Proceeds (subject to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap) will be the Early Termination 
Amount in respect of each Warrant. 
Where the Final Terms specify that the Warrantholders are entitled to Liquidation Proceeds/No 
Unwind Costs as the Early Termination Amount, each Warrant shall be entitled to a pro rata share 
of the Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds. "Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds" shall be an amount, 
subject to a maximum equal to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap save where "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" 
is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, equal to the amounts received by or on 
behalf of the Issuer upon the sale or realisation of the Charged Assets (including, without limitation, 
any termination payment received by the Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement and/or, where 
applicable, the amount received by the Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets on the redemption 
date, expiration date or other date for final payment in respect of the Charged Assets) after the 
deduction of any termination payment due to be paid to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement. Where the Liquidation Proceeds Cap is applicable, "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" 
means, the Cash Settlement Amount (calculated on the basis that any reference to the Exercise Date 
in relation to the determination thereof shall be deemed to be a reference to the Early Termination 
Date) that would have been payable (if Automatic Exercise were applicable to the Warrants and such 
Warrants were exercised in accordance with Automatic Exercise on the Early Termination Date) but 
for the occurrence of the Early Termination Event. 
Notwithstanding the above, where Reference Securities Impossibility Event is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Reference Securities Impossibility Event has 
occurred, each Warrant shall be entitled to an "Early Termination Amount" equal to the greater of 
(i) its Issue Price and (ii) its pro rata share of the Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, in accordance with the above paragraph, as if Liquidation Proceeds/No Unwind 
Costs were specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Early Termination Amount and the 
Liquidation Proceeds Cap was not applicable. 
(d)
Termination at the Option of the Issuer 
If the Issuer is specified in the applicable Final Terms as having an option to terminate, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice, in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices), to the Warrantholders (with a copy to the Trustee) (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), cancel all or some only of the Warrants then unexercised 
on any Optional Termination Date(s) and at the Optional Termination Amount(s) each as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Termination Date(s).   
In the case of a partial termination of Warrants, the Warrants to be terminated will be selected in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg in the case of Warrants 
represented by a global Warrant held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as a pool factor) and in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant securities depositary (in the case of Registered Warrants), 
in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for termination (the "Selection Date").    
(e) 
Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events 
(A) 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption 
(unless specified to be not applicable in the applicable Final Terms); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(a) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur;

--- Page 675 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 675 - 
(b) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or 
the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the 
effect that the Issuer, the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law 
or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Warrants; or 
(c) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the Warrants from the perspective of the Issuer, the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result 
of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or 
maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, or any other 
entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations 
in respect of the Warrants and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, 
not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence); 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the 
First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. 
For these purposes "control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an 
entity. 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined in 
BMR where any amount payable or deliverable under the Warrants, or the value of the 
Warrants, is determined, in whole or in part, by reference to such figure, value, level or rate, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any 
of the following has occurred or will occur: 
(a)
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(b)
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011); 
"Cancellation Event" means that in the determination of the Calculation Agent all or some 
of the Debt Securities are redeemed prior to their stated maturity date for any reason, and 
as a result thereof it is impossible, impracticable or unduly onerous for (i) the Issuer to 
hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Warrants and/or (ii) the Swap Counterparty 
or its Affiliates to hedge the Swap Counterparty's obligations in respect of the Swap 
Agreement; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (a) due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or 
regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation or application of any law or regulation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory or other supervisory authority with competent

--- Page 676 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 676 - 
jurisdiction (including any action taken by a taxing or financial authority or any supervisory 
authority) or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Calculation Agent 
determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and/or any of their 
Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge position relating to an 
Index (in the case of Index Linked Warrants), any relevant hedge position relating 
to a Share (in the case of Share Linked Warrants), any relevant hedge position 
relating to a Debt Security (in the case of Debt Linked Warrants), any relevant 
hedge position relating to an ETI Interest (in the case of ETI Linked Warrants), 
any relevant hedge position relating to a Commodity or Commodity Index (in the 
case of Commodity Linked Warrants), any relevant hedge position relating to a 
Fund Share (in the case of Fund Linked Warrants) (other than where the Fund is a 
Euro Fund)) or any relevant hedge position in respect of a Euro Fund (in the case 
of Fund Linked Warrants (where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or any other hedge 
position relating to the Warrants (each a "Hedge"); or 
(b) 
the Swap Counterparty or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
cost (including, without limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or 
capital requirements) in performing its obligations in respect of the Swap 
Agreement or, in holding, acquiring or disposing of any Hedge; 
"Currency Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, 
illegal or impossible for the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or any of its Affiliates (a) to 
convert the relevant currency ("Local Currency") in which the Index, the Shares or the 
Debt Securities or any options or futures contracts or other hedging arrangement in relation 
to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Securities (for the purposes of hedging the Issuer's 
obligations under the Warrants or the Swap Counterparty's obligations in respect of the 
Swap Agreement) are denominated, into the Settlement Currency, or exchange or repatriate 
any funds in the Local Currency or the Settlement Currency outside of the country in which 
the Index, the Shares or the Debt Securities or any options or futures contracts in relation 
to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Securities respectively are traded due to the adoption 
of, or any change in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or 
decree of any Government Authority or otherwise, or (b) for the Calculation Agent to 
determine a rate or (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) a commercially 
reasonable rate at which the Local Currency can be exchanged for the Settlement Currency 
for payment under the Warrants; 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" means following the exercise of Physical Delivery 
Warrants, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent it is impossible or impracticable to 
deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets (the "Affected Relevant Assets") 
comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the market 
for the Relevant Assets; 
"Force Majeure" means that, on or after the Trade Date, the performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Warrants is prevented or materially hindered or delayed due to: 
(a) 
any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order, directive, interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative 
interference of any Government Authority or otherwise; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political 
insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration and/or 
protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other causes or 
impediments beyond such party's control; or

--- Page 677 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 677 - 
(c) 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken 
or threatened by any Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or any of its 
Affiliates or the Swap Counterparty, of all or substantially all of its assets in the 
Local Currency jurisdiction. 
(d) 
the bankruptcy of the hedging counterparty of the Swap Counterparty (or of an 
affiliate) in relation to the Warrants where it is impossible for the Swap 
Counterparty (or such affiliate) to find another hedging counterparty in relation to 
the Warrants; 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other 
political subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign 
exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity 
exercising, executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or 
pertaining to government; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or 
option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price 
risk including but not limited to the currency risk of the Swap Counterparty performing its 
obligations with respect to the Swap Agreement, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s) or futures or 
options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Swap Agreement, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of components comprised in an Index (in the case of 
Index Linked Warrants) or the number of Shares (in the case of Share Linked Warrants) 
that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the equity 
or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Swap 
Agreement; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) or any futures or options contract on any Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity 
Index, Index Component (in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants) or, in respect of any 
Index Linked Warrants relating to a Custom Index, any relevant hedge positions relating to 
an Index or, in respect of any Debt Linked Warrants, any relevant hedge positions relating 
to a Debt Security, it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without 
limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest risk) of the Swap 
Counterparty performing its obligations under the Swap Agreement entered into with 
respect to the Warrants, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any such futures or options contract(s) or, in respect of any 
Index Linked Warrants relating to a Custom Index, any relevant hedge positions relating to 
an Index or, in respect of any Debt Linked Warrants, any relevant hedge positions relating 
to a Debt Security, provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred 
solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and/or any 
of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its 
Affiliates would incur a rate to borrow any component security comprised in an Index (in

--- Page 678 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 678 - 
the case of Index Linked Warrants) or any Share (in the case of Share Linked Warrants) 
that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate; 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a component security comprised in an Index 
(in the case of Index Linked Warrants) or a Share (in the case of Share Linked Warrants), 
the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to such Share, security, component or 
commodity in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has 
instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to 
a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share Company or Basket Company 
shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing; 
"Jurisdiction Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, 
illegal or impossible for the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or any of its Affiliates to 
purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue to do so in the future) in the Index, the 
Shares or the Debt Securities or any options or futures contracts in relation to the Index, the 
Shares or the Debt Securities in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the 
Warrants or in respect of any relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the 
Warrants (including, without limitation, any purchase, sale or entry into or holding of one 
or more securities positions, currency positions, stock loan transactions, derivatives 
position, commodity position or other instruments or arrangements (however described) by 
the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, either 
individually or on a portfolio basis, the Warrants) or the costs of so doing would (in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonably manner) be materially increased under the restriction or limitation of the existing 
or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, interpretation, directive or decree of any 
Government Authority or otherwise; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) 
any component security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Warrants) or 
any Share (in the case of Share Linked Warrants in an amount equal to the Hedging Shares 
at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of a component security comprised in an 
Index (in the case of Index Linked Warrants) or a Share (in the case of Share Linked 
Warrants), the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any of Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
Cancellation Event, Currency Event, Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity, Force Majeure 
Event, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Jurisdiction Event, 
Insolvency Filing, Loss of Stock Borrow and/or Stop-Loss Event, in each case if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Stop-Loss Event" means in respect of a Share the price of any Share as quoted on the 
relevant Exchange for such Share at the Scheduled Closing Time on any Scheduled Trading

--- Page 679 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 679 - 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if 
later, the Strike Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike Price is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs 
(other than in respect of Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), the Calculation Agent may 
take the action described in (a) or, if applicable, (b), (c) or (d) below, as the case may be, 
provided that where the circumstances giving rise to such Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event result in a determination, adjustment or 
calculation being made in respect of the relevant Swap Agreement, the Calculation Agent 
shall, to the extent applicable, make the corresponding determination, adjustment or 
calculation in respect of the Warrants: 
(a) 
determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment; 
(b) 
on giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), 
require the Issuer to cancel all but not some only of the Warrants, each Warrant 
being settled by payment of an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount in 
accordance with Condition 8(c).  Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices); or 
(c) 
in the case of Index Linked Warrants linked to a Custom Index, use commercially 
reasonable efforts to select a successor index with a substantially similar formula 
for and method of calculation as the Custom Index within twenty (20) Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Days of the occurrence of the relevant Additional 
Disruption Event or Optional Additional Disruption Event and, upon selection of 
such successor index (the "Successor Index"), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer and the Issuer will give notice to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 17 (Notice) and such index shall become the Successor 
Index and deemed to be a "Custom Index" for the purposes of the Warrants and 
the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to one or more of the 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent 
acting  in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines 
appropriate to account for the substitution. Such substitution and any relevant 
adjustment to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner which may, but need not be 
the date on which the relevant Additional Disruption Event or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event occurred; or 
(d) 
in the case of Share Linked Warrants linked to a Basket of Shares, adjust the Basket 
of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share 
selection set out below (each a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each an 
"Affected Share") which is affected by the Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to

--- Page 680 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 680 - 
be a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the 
purposes of the Warrants, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, 
if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the 
Warrants are Physical Delivery Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable 
under the Warrants was to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the 
Affected Share, the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date;  
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date.  
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
"Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be 
the relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to 
the Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share 
which the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as 
the Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the relevant issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Basket Company in respect of 
the Affected Share. 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs: 
(X) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, 
will be delivered on the originally designated Expiration Date or the 
Exercise Date, as applicable, in accordance with Condition 4(d) (Physical 
Settlement); and 
(Y) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement 
and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Calculation Agent

--- Page 681 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 681 - 
may, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, require that 
the Issuer satisfies its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrants by 
payment to the relevant Warrantholders of the Failure to Deliver 
Settlement Price on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice 
of such election is given to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices). Payment of the Failure to Deliver Settlement 
Price will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Failure to Deliver Settlement Price" means, in respect of any relevant Warrant, the fair 
market value of such Warrant (taking into account the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement which have been duly delivered as provided above), less, unless Unwind Costs 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Swap 
Counterparty and/or its Affiliates and/or the Issuer of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner (or, where as provided above some Relevant Assets 
have been delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata portion). 
(C) 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in making its determination in the 
manner set out in Condition 8(e)(B) above, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent 
applicable to the relevant Warrants, take into account any corresponding or similar 
determination or selection or any other adjustment or calculation made in respect of the 
relevant Swap Agreement in relation to such Additional Disruption Event or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event. 
(D) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance 
with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable 
and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(E) 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Additional Disruption Event or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent is under no duty to consider 
the interests of Warrantholders or any other person.  In making any determination as to 
which action to take following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty shall be responsible for any loss (including liability in respect of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Warrantholders or any other 
person in connection with the Warrants as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as 
a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Warrant. 
(f)  
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event
(A) 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
and/or delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Warrants which is expressed in the applicable Final 
Terms to be subject to a Knock-in Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-
in Event. 
(B) 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any payment 
and/or delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Warrants which is expressed in the applicable Final

--- Page 682 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 682 - 
Terms to be subject to a Knock-out Event, shall be conditional upon the occurrence of such Knock-
out Event. 
(C) 
In respect of Index Linked Warrants, Share Linked Warrants, Debt Linked Warrants or ETI Linked 
Warrants, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-
out Determination Day (a) in respect of Warrants other than Custom Index Linked Warrants or Debt 
Linked Warrants, at any time during the one hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation Time 
the Level triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Trading Disruption, Exchange 
Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, or (b) in respect of Custom Index Linked Warrants or 
Debt Linked Warrants, a Custom Index Disruption Event or Market Disruption Event, as applicable, 
is occurring, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; 
provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination 
Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a 
Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Level as at the Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of 
"Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out 
Event. 
(D) 
In respect of Commodity Linked Warrants or Currency Linked Warrants, if the Knock-in Valuation 
Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time 
and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day is a Commodity Disrupted 
Day or a Disrupted Day, as applicable, then such Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-
out Event. 
(E) 
In respect of Warrants other than Custom Index Linked Warrants or Debt Linked Warrants, if the 
Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on the relevant Exchange and if on any 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour 
period that begins or ends at the time on which the Level triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-
out Level, (a) in the case of Index Linked Warrants, Share Linked Warrants or ETI Linked Warrants, 
a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure, (b) in the case of Currency Linked 
Warrants, a Disruption Event or (c) in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants, a Market Disruption 
Event, in each case occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be 
deemed not to have occurred, provided that, in the case of Warrants other than Commodity Linked 
Warrants or Currency Linked Warrants, if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination 
Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period 
Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Level 
as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a 
Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event. 
(F) 
In respect of Debt Linked Warrants, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation 
Time specified in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading 
hours on the exchange on which the relevant Debt Security is traded or on any exchange on which 
options contracts or futures contracts with respect to such Debt Security are traded and if on any 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day and at any time at which the Level 
triggers the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out Level, a Market Disruption Event has occurred or is 
occurring, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, 
provided that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out

--- Page 683 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 683 - 
Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination 
Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a 
Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the Level as at the Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the definition of 
"Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out 
Event. 
(g)
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means (a) each date, (b) each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period, (c) each Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period, (d) each Fund Business day in the Knock-in Determination Period, (e) each 
Business Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, or (f) each Commodity Business Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if the Warrants are Currency Linked Warrants and FX Knock-in Valuation is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the FX Coupon Performance is; or 
(ii) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the Performance Value is, or 
(c) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, 
if the Warrants are Currency Linked Warrants, unless FX Knock-in Valuation is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a single Underlying Reference, that the Level is; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Underlying References, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Underlying Reference as 
the product of (x) the Level of such Underlying Reference and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is,  
(1) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level 
or, if applicable, (2) "within" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination 
Period, as specified in all the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked 
Warrants (other than Custom Index Linked Warrants), Share Linked Warrants, ETI Linked

--- Page 684 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 684 - 
Warrants, Debt Linked Warrants or Currency Linked Warrants), a Commodity Business Day (in the 
case of Commodity Linked Warrants), a Custom Index Business Day (in the case of Custom Index 
Linked Warrants), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Warrants (other than where the 
Fund is a Euro Fund)) or Business Day (in the case of other Warrants), the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business Day or 
Business Day, as the case may be; 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Warrants (other 
than Custom Index Linked Warrants), Share Linked Warrants, ETI Linked Warrants, Debt Linked 
Warrants or Currency Linked Warrants), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of Commodity 
Linked Warrants), a Custom Index Business Day (in the case of Custom Index Linked Warrants), a 
Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Warrants (other than where the Fund is a Euro 
Fund)) or Business Day (in the case of other Warrants), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
Commodity Business Day, Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as 
the case may be; 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time; 
"Knock-in Value", in respect of a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-in Determination 
Period, means the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Determination Day" means (a) each date, (b) each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period, (c) each Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period, or (d) each Business Day in the Knock-out Determination Period as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or (e) each Commodity Business Day in the Knock-out Determination 
Period; 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-out Value is, or 
(b) 
if the Warrants are Currency Linked Warrants and FX Knock-out Valuation is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the FX Coupon Performance is; or 
(ii) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the Performance Value is, or

--- Page 685 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 685 - 
(c) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, 
if the Warrants are Currency Linked Warrants, unless FX Knock-out Valuation is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a single Underlying Reference, that the Level is; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Underlying References, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Underlying References as 
the product of (x) the Level of such Underlying Reference and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is,  
(1) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" the Knock-out 
Level or, if applicable, (2) "within" the Knock-out Range Level, in each case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-out 
Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Level" means the FX Knock-out Level or the price, level, amount, number or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked 
Warrants (other than Custom Index Linked Warrants), Share Linked Warrants, ETI Linked 
Warrants, Debt Linked Warrants or Currency Linked Warrants), a Commodity Business Day (in the 
case of Commodity Linked Warrants) or a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of 
Custom Index Linked Warrants), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Warrants (other 
than where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or Business Day (in the case of other Warrants), the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be; 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Warrants 
(other than Custom Index Linked Warrants), Share Linked Warrants, ETI Linked Warrants, Debt 
Linked Warrants or Currency Linked Warrants), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of 
Commodity Linked Warrants), a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of Custom 
Index Linked Warrants), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Warrants (other than 
where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or Business Day (in the case of other Warrants), the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, Fund 
Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be;  
"Knock-out Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms 
do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation 
Time;

--- Page 686 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 686 - 
"Knock-out Value" means, in respect of a Knock-out Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Level" means, for the purposes of this Condition, (i) the "official level", "official close", "last price", 
"traded price", "bid price" or "asked price" of the Underlying Reference, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, published by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-out 
Observation Price Source, as applicable, or (ii) if "Standard Level" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (a) in the case of Share Linked Warrants and ETI Linked Warrants, the price 
of the relevant Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Linked Warrants and Custom Index 
Linked Warrants, the level of the relevant Underlying Reference, (c) in the case of Commodity 
Linked Warrants the Relevant Price, or (d) in the case of Currency Linked Warrants, the spot rate of 
exchange for the exchange of the Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number 
of units (or part units) of such Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be 
exchanged), in each case determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Knock-in Valuation Time 
or Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day, as applicable, or, in the case of the "official close" level, at such time as the official close is 
published by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-out Observation Price Source, as 
applicable; 
"Payout Conditions" means the terms and conditions set out in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Payouts).  
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Warrants, Index Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and 
Index Linked Condition 2 (Adjustments to an Index); 
(b) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Warrants, Index Linked Condition 6 (Adjustments to a 
Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption); 
(c) 
in the case of Share Linked Warrants, Share Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and 
Share Linked Condition 2 (Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events); 
(d) 
in the case of ETI Linked Warrants, ETI Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and ETI 
Linked Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events); 
(e) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants, Commodity Linked Condition 1 (Market 
Disruption) and Commodity Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of a Market Disruption 
Event and Disruption Fallbacks); 
(f) 
in the case of Currency Linked Warrants, Currency Linked Condition 2 (Disruption Events) 
and Currency Linked Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event); and 
(g) 
in the case of Debt Linked Warrants, Debt Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Debt 
Linked Condition 3 (Correction of Debt Security Price) and Debt Linked Condition 4 
(Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Security); and 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Condition, each Index, Custom Index, 
Share, Debt Security, ETI Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Subject Currency or other basis 
of reference to which the relevant Warrants relate. 
(h)
Settlement Date Extension
Where:

--- Page 687 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 687 - 
(A)
"Settlement Date Extension" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable 
on the Early Termination Date (or on the Settlement Date if the Early Termination Event 
occurs on such date); and/or 
(B)
Swap Termination Without Cancellation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, a Swap Default has occurred and the Issuer has not received any Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) due to it in the manner set out in 
Condition 9(k) (Swap termination) on or prior to the Settlement Date,  
the terms of this Condition 8(h) shall apply as set out below, provided that, where sub-clause (B) 
applies and no Early Termination Event has also occurred, the provisions of Conditions 8(h)(i), 
8(h)(ii) and 8(h)(vi) only shall apply. 
(i) 
Where the Issuer has not received in full the amount it is scheduled to receive on or prior to 
such date in respect of any of the Charged Assets relating to the relevant Warrants (such 
assets, the "Non-Performing Assets") it shall, on the Early Termination Date or the 
Settlement Date, as the case may be, pay any amounts it has received in respect of the 
Charged Assets pro rata to the Warrantholders (provided that all amount(s) which are to be 
deducted from such amounts in accordance with the definition of Liquidation Proceeds have 
been paid in full or, where a Swap Default has occurred and Swap Termination Without 
Cancellation applies and no Early Termination Event has occurred, the amounts which are 
to be deducted as set out in Condition 9(k) (the "Deduction Amounts")) and settlement or 
cancellation, as the case may be, of the Warrants will be postponed until the date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the "Extended Settlement Date" (the "Extended 
Settlement Date"), provided that if during the Extension Period the Calculation Agent gives 
at least three Business Days' notice to the Issuer that the Calculation Agent, in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, has determined that the Issuer will not receive 
any further amounts in respect of the Non-Performing Assets and that it will not be possible 
to realise any further amounts in respect of the Non-Performing Assets, the date on which 
such notice expires shall be deemed to be the actual Extended Settlement Date and no 
further amounts shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of the Warrants following such date. 
(ii) 
On each day in the Extension Period falling three Business Days after the receipt of any 
amounts by the Issuer in respect of any Non-Performing Asset, the Issuer shall procure that 
such amounts are paid pro rata to the Warrantholders as set out in Condition 8(h)(v) and 
provided that the Deduction Amounts have been paid in full.  
(iii) 
The Issuer shall appoint an agent (which may be the Swap Counterparty, provided the Swap 
Counterparty is not the obligor in respect of a relevant Non-Performing Asset, or the Trustee 
or any other party which the Issuer may appoint with the consent of the Trustee) to assist it 
in recovering amounts in respect of the Non-Performing Assets (a "Realisation Agent"). 
Any fees, costs and expenses charged and incurred by the relevant Realisation Agent will 
be deducted from the amounts available to pay Warrantholders or any other Secured Party 
which is entitled to such amounts. 
(iv) 
If "Sale of Assets" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and there is a Non-Performing 
Asset, the Issuer shall, at the request of the Calculation Agent, procure that any Non-
Performing Asset and any other Charged Asset in respect of the relevant Compartment (or 
the Issuer's rights thereto) which the Issuer is requested by the Calculation Agent to sell 
shall be sold by the relevant Disposal Agent prior to the Extended Settlement Date and the 
proceeds from such sale (less any costs or expenses incurred in such sale) will be applied in 
accordance with the terms of this Condition 8(h) and, if the Calculation Agent determines, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that such sale is not possible

--- Page 688 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 688 - 
in respect of any Non-Performing Asset, it shall be deemed that the amount received in 
respect of such Non-Performing Asset is equal to zero.   
(v) 
The total amount received in respect of the Charged Assets in the period from, and 
including, the Maturity Date or the Early Termination Date, as the case may be, to, but 
excluding, the Extended Settlement Date (the "Extension Receipts") shall be deemed to 
form part of the Liquidation Proceeds as set out in Condition 8(c) provided that, to the extent 
amounts are owed to Secured Parties other than the Warrantholders in respect of the relevant 
Series of Warrants, the Issuer shall apply the Extension Receipts in accordance with the 
applicable Order of Priority which would apply following a Warrant Acceleration in respect 
of the Warrants and any reference to amounts being paid to the Warrantholders in this 
Condition 8(f) shall be construed accordingly.   
(vi) 
As used in this Condition 8(h), "Extension Period" means the period from, but excluding, 
the Settlement Date or the Early Termination Date to, and including, the Extended 
Settlement Date. 
9. 
Charged Assets  
(a)
Compartment Assets  
(i)  
In respect of any Series of Warrants, "Compartment" shall mean the compartment created 
by the Board of the Issuer pursuant to the Securitisation Act 2004 under which the Warrants 
are to be issued. Each Compartment will comprise a pool of Issuer assets and liabilities 
separate from the pools of Issuer assets and liabilities relating to any other Compartments. 
In respect of any Series of Warrants and any Related Warrants, such assets will consist of 
the Charged Assets (as defined in Condition 9(c) (Compartment Security) below), which 
Charged Assets may include, inter alia, the assets specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as "Compartment Assets" or where such assets are converted into or exchanged for new 
assets, such new assets or, in each case any redemption or other proceeds received by the 
Issuer in respect thereof relating to such exchange or conversion (the "Compartment 
Assets") and which Compartment Assets may be specified in the applicable Final Terms to 
be "Reference Securities" or where such assets are converted into or exchanged for new 
assets, such new assets or, in each case any redemption or other proceeds received by the 
Issuer in respect thereof relating to such exchange or conversion (the "Reference 
Securities"). 
(ii) 
Subject to the Trust Deed, in order to meet any part of its obligations under the Warrants 
and any Related Warrants in respect of (A) any redemption thereof, (B) any Related 
Agreements, (C) any agreements for the purchase of the Warrants or (D) any other payments 
(if any) due from the Issuer under these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed in relation to the 
Warrants or Related Warrants), the Issuer may, at any time, procure the liquidation of some 
or all of the Compartment Assets provided that  (1) where such liquidation relates to a Multi-
Series Compartment where there are Related Warrants outstanding and (2) the 
Compartment Asset Coverage Test is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer shall not liquidate any Compartment Asset where such liquidation would 
mean that the Compartment Asset Coverage Test would be breached (determined as of the 
date of the relevant liquidation) in respect of any remaining Warrants and/or Related 
Warrants. 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Aggregate Outstanding Issue Amount" mean in respect of any Warrants the product of 
number of outstanding Warrants and their Issue Price (as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms) and in respect of any series of Related Warrants, the number of Related Warrants of

--- Page 689 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 689 - 
such series outstanding multiplied by the Issue Price applicable to such series (as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms).   
"Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage" means 100 per cent. or such other percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms of (a) the Aggregate Outstanding Issue Amount of 
the Warrants and the sum of the Aggregate Outstanding Issue Amount of each series of 
Related Warrants remaining after the purchase or redemption of Warrants referred to in this 
Condition 9(a)(ii) or, as applicable, the issue of Further Warrants or Related Warrants 
referred to in Condition 15 or (b) if Compartment Asset Coverage Market Value Percentage 
is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the market value (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) of the Warrants and Related Warrants remaining after the 
purchase or redemption of Warrants referred to in this Condition 9(a)(ii) or, as applicable, 
the issue of Further Warrants or Related Warrants referred to in Condition 15.  
"Compartment Asset Coverage Test" means (a) where Compartment Asset Coverage 
Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the market value of 
the Compartment Assets held in respect of the relevant Compartment (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) is equal to or greater than the Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage 
or (b) where Compartment Asset Coverage Nominal Value is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the nominal amount of the Compartment Assets held in respect of 
the relevant Compartment (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is equal to or greater 
than the applicable Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage. 
(iii)  
In accordance with the Securitisation Act 2004, the Charged Assets are available 
exclusively to satisfy the rights of the Secured Parties (as defined in Condition 9(e) 
(Application of Proceeds)). 
(iv) 
In connection with the issue of the Warrants and any Related Warrants there may be 
executed one or more interest rate and/or currency exchange agreements, credit default swap 
agreements, swap agreements exchanging payment flows on an asset, total return swap 
agreements, option agreements and/or other derivative transactions (each a "Swap 
Agreement") between the Issuer and one or more swap counterparties (each a "Swap 
Counterparty") and one or more deposit agreements (each a "Deposit Agreement") 
between the Issuer and one or more deposit counterparties (each a "Deposit 
Counterparty") and one or more collateral exchange agreements (each a "Collateral 
Exchange Agreement") between the Issuer and one or more collateral exchange 
counterparties (each a "Collateral Exchange Counterparty")and one or more repurchase 
agreements (each a "Repurchase Agreement") with BNP Paribas or BNP Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C. as specified in the Final Terms (each a "Repo Counterparty" and, 
together with each Swap Counterparty, Collateral Exchange Counterparty and Deposit 
Counterparty, each a "Counterparty").  In addition, in connection with any issue of 
Warrants and Related Warrants, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may enter into a 
credit support annex, credit support deed or pledge or such other security interest governed 
by the law of such other jurisdiction specified in the applicable Final Terms over collateral 
in favour of the Issuer in connection with any relevant Swap Agreement (a "Credit Support 
Annex", a "Credit Support Deed" and a "Pledge") respectively and, together with the 
Swap Agreement, the Deposit Agreement, the Collateral Exchange Agreement and the 
Repurchase Agreement, the "Related Agreements"). 
(v) 
Where no reference is made in the applicable Issue Deed to any Swap Agreement, 
Repurchase Agreement, Collateral Exchange Agreement or Deposit Agreement, references 
in these Terms and Conditions to any such document or agreement and to any Swap 
Counterparty, Repo Counterparty, Collateral Exchange Counterparty or Counterparty, as 
the case may be, shall not be applicable.

--- Page 690 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 690 - 
(b)
Custodian; Custody Account; Account Bank; Compartment Account  
(i) 
Each Custody Account (as defined below), together with such Compartment Assets as are 
capable of being so held, will be held by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer, and each 
Compartment Account (as defined below) will be held by the Account Bank, in each case 
on and subject to (A) the terms and conditions of the Agency Agreement, (B) the 
Securitisation Act 2004 and (C) in the cases of the Compartment Assets, the Custody 
Account and the Compartment Account, the terms and conditions of the Compartment 
Security created pursuant to the Trust Deed and/or any Additional Security Document.  The 
Issuer reserves the right to replace the Custodian at any time, but only with the prior written 
consent of the Trustee and in accordance with (x) the provisions of the Securitisation Act 
2004 and (y) the relevant CSSF instructions and/or guidelines.  Notice of such change shall 
be given to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices).  If it is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms that there is a Sub-Custodian in relation to the Compartment 
Assets, such Sub-Custodian (which expression shall include any additional or successor 
sub-custodians from time to time appointed) shall hold such Compartment Assets as are 
capable of being so held on behalf of the Custodian, on and subject to the terms of an 
agreement between the Sub-Custodian and the Custodian.  References herein to the 
"Custodian" shall, as the context requires, be construed as references to the Custodian, the 
Sub-Custodian and/or any additional or successor custodians appointed from time to time. 
(ii) 
If the Charged Assets of the Issuer in respect of a Compartment include Compartment 
Assets, in respect of such Compartment the Custodian (on behalf of the Issuer) shall 
establish and maintain an account in the name of the Issuer (the "Custody Account") with 
a bank or other financial institution (which shall be the Custodian unless an alternative 
financial institution is specified in the applicable Final Terms). The Custody Account for 
the Compartment shall be entirely separate from any other accounts of the Issuer and the 
Custodian, including, without limitation, the accounts established in connection with any 
other Compartment(s).  Such Compartment Assets shall only be removed from the Custody 
Account at such times and in such amounts as are contemplated in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Trust Deed or in order for the Issuer (or any appointee on its behalf) and 
the Trustee (or any receiver) to fulfil their respective obligations under the Warrants and the 
Related Warrants and pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(iii) 
Where Compartment Account is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of the relevant Compartment the Issuer shall establish and maintain one or more 
account in the name of the Issuer (the "Compartment Account") with a bank or other 
financial institution (which shall be the financial institution specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, unless no such financial institution is specified in which case it shall be the Account 
Bank). The Compartment Account for the Compartment shall be entirely separate from any 
other accounts of the Issuer and the Account Bank, including, without limitation, the 
accounts established in connection with any other Compartment(s).  Amounts standing to 
the credit of the Compartment Account shall only be removed from the Compartment 
Account at such times and in such amounts as are contemplated in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Trust Deed or in order for the Issuer (or any appointee on its behalf) and 
the Trustee (or any receiver) to fulfil their respective obligations under the Warrants and the 
Related Warrants and pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(c)
Compartment Security 
(i) 
The Issuer has (as specified in the Trust Deed relating to the Warrants and any Related 
Warrants or in another relevant security document relating to the Warrants and any Related 
Warrants), assigned or created a first fixed charge, and/or other security interest, in each

--- Page 691 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 691 - 
case in favour of the Trustee for itself and as trustee for the Secured Parties, over or in 
respect of:  
(A) 
the present and future Compartment Assets relating to the relevant Compartment 
and all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in respect 
of sums derived from the present and future Compartment Assets relating to the 
relevant Compartment (including, without limitation, any proceeds of the sale 
thereof);  
(B) 
(x) the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under 
all sums held by the Agents, the Account Bank (including sums standing to the 
credit of the Compartment Account) and the Custodian to meet payments due in 
respect of the Warrants relating to the relevant Compartment (the "Cash Assets"); 
(y) any sums of money, securities or other property received or receivable by the 
Issuer under any Related Agreement (including, without limitation, any Swap 
Agreement, any Deposit Agreement and any Repurchase Agreement) relating to 
the relevant Compartment; and (z) all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and 
benefit, present and future, as against the Custodian in respect of any sum standing 
to the credit of the Custody Account (as defined in Condition 9(b) relating to the 
relevant Compartment); and 
(C) 
the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under any 
Transaction Document (including without limitation any Swap Agreement, any 
Deposit Agreement and any Repurchase Agreement) and any agreement for the 
sale, transfer and/or delivery of assets relating to the relevant Compartment (as 
contemplated under Condition 9(a) and any sums received or receivable by the 
Issuer under any such agreement.   
(ii) 
If it is stated in the applicable Final Terms that the security for the Warrants is "Charged 
Assets charged to Trustee; additional foreign law security", the Issuer has in the Trust Deed 
created the security specified in sub-paragraph (i) above and has, in addition and without 
prejudice to the security specified as aforesaid, executed in favour of the Trustee the pledge 
or security or other agreement or document specified in the applicable Final Terms (each 
an "Additional Security Document"). 
(iii) 
The security described in sub-paragraph (i) and, as the case may be, sub-paragraph (ii) shall 
be referred to herein as the "Compartment Security" and the assets described in sub-
paragraph (i) and, as the case may be, sub-paragraph (ii) shall be referred to herein as the 
"Charged Assets". 
(d)
General provisions relating to security  
The Compartment Security constituted or created pursuant to the Trust Deed and any Additional 
Security Document will be granted to the Trustee for itself and for the other Secured Parties (as 
defined in Condition 9(e) as continuing security for (i) the payment of all sums due to the Trustee or 
any appointee or any receiver under the Trust Deed and/or any Additional Security Document or due 
under the Warrants and any Related Warrants, (ii) the performance of the Issuer's obligations under 
any Related Agreement (including any Swap Agreement) and (iii) the payment of all sums payable 
to the Agents pursuant to any provision of the Agency Agreement (including the provisions which 
require the Issuer to reimburse (and to pay interest on the amount reimbursed as provided in the 
Agency Agreement) to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Registrar for any amount 
paid out by the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, to the 
Warrantholders before receipt of the corresponding amount due from the Issuer).

--- Page 692 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 692 - 
(e)
Application of Proceeds 
(i) 
The Trustee shall (subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed) apply all moneys received 
by it under the provisions of the Trust Deed and any Additional Security Document in 
connection with the realisation or enforcement as described in Condition 13 of the 
Compartment Security constituted by or pursuant to the Trust Deed and any Additional 
Security Document in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (such amounts being the "Available Enforcement Proceeds"). 
(ii) 
By subscribing to or otherwise acquiring the Warrants, each Warrantholder expressly 
consents to the provisions of this Condition 9(e), the order of priority specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Order of Priority") and the limitation of its rights in 
accordance with article 64 of the Securitisation Act 2004 and is deemed to have accepted 
and agreed to such provisions and the consequences thereof.  If no Order of Priority is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Order of Priority shall be Swap Counterparty 
Priority as set out below. 
(iii) 
If: 
(A) 
"Swap Counterparty Priority" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Available Enforcement Proceeds shall be applied as follows: 
(1) 
first, the proceeds of realisation of the securities held in the Compartment 
Account will be applied to the extent required to meet any termination 
payment due to the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement 
(if any); 
(2) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Trustee's remuneration and the 
fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts in the Trust Deed in relation 
to the Warrants and any Related Warrants (including, but not limited to, 
any taxes required to be paid and the costs of realising any security and 
payment of any indemnity claims of the Trustee); 
(3) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of each of the Agents' fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities incurred pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement; 
(4) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty 
under each Swap Agreement relating to the Warrants and the Related 
Warrants.  If the moneys received by the Trustee are not enough to pay 
such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of 
the amount due to each party entitled to such payment; 
(5) 
fifthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Warrantholders and 
holders of any Related Warrants. If the moneys received by the Trustee 
are not enough to pay such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply them 
pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such 
payment; and 
(6) 
sixthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
(B) 
"Pari Passu Ranking" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Available 
Enforcement Proceeds shall be applied as follows:

--- Page 693 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 693 - 
(1) 
first, the proceeds of realisation of the securities held in the Compartment 
Account will be applied to the extent required to meet any termination 
payment due to the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement 
(if any); 
(2) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Trustee's remuneration and the 
fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts in the Trust Deed in relation 
to the Warrants and any Related Warrants (including, but not limited to, 
any taxes required to be paid and the costs of realising any security and 
payment of any indemnity claims of the Trustee); 
(3) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of each of the Agents' fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities incurred pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement; 
(4) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty 
under each Swap Agreement relating to the Warrants and the Related 
Warrants and the Warrantholders and the holders of any Related Warrants. 
If the moneys received by the Trustee are not enough to pay such amounts 
in full, the Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of the amount 
due to each party entitled to such payment; and 
(5) 
fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; and 
(C) 
"Warrantholder Priority" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Available 
Enforcement Proceeds shall be applied as follows: 
(1) 
first, the proceeds of realisation of the securities held in the Compartment 
Account will be applied to the extent required to meet any termination 
payment due to the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement 
(if any); 
(2) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Trustee's remuneration and the 
fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts in the Trust Deed in relation 
to the Warrants and the Related Warrants (including, but not limited to, 
any taxes required to be paid and the costs of realising any security and 
payment of any indemnity claims of the Trustee); 
(3) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of each of the Agents' fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities incurred pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement; 
(4) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Warrantholders and 
any holders of Related Warrants. If the moneys received by the Trustee 
are not enough to pay such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply them 
pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such 
payment; 
(5) 
fifthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty 
under each Swap Agreement relating to the Warrants and any Related 
Warrants. If the moneys received by the Trustee are not enough to pay 
such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of 
the amount due to each party entitled to such payment; and

--- Page 694 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 694 - 
(6) 
sixthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
"Secured Parties" means each of the Trustee, any receiver, the Warrantholders, the Swap 
Counterparty and the Agents (each, a "Secured Party"). 
(f)
Compartment Assets substitution by Swap Counterparty 
Where this Condition 9(f) is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms then the Compartment 
Assets may be substituted in whole or in part by the Swap Counterparty.  
The Swap Counterparty may substitute the Compartment Assets for:  
(i) 
either securities denominated in the currency specified in the Final Terms issued by the 
entity specified as the eligible collateral issuer (each, an "Eligible Compartment Assets 
Issuer") in the Final Terms ("Eligible Compartment Assets Issuer Obligations"); or  
(ii) 
such other securities, obligations or an amount of cash in the currency in which the principal 
amount of the existing Compartment Assets is expressed to be payable where "Alternative 
Substitution" is specified in the Final Terms.  
The new securities, obligations or cash to be substituted must be in a principal amount equal (or, if 
in another currency, the equivalent to the principal amount of the currency in which the Compartment 
Assets are expressed to be payable, as determined on the date of such substitution by the Swap 
Counterparty in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to the then fair market value 
of the Warrants as determined by the Swap Counterparty (or, in the case of a substitution or 
redemption of part only of the Compartment Assets, of the relevant proportion thereof as at the date 
of such substitution). 
The securities, obligations or cash which may be substituted for the Compartment Assets shall be 
delivered (or paid, in the case of cash) by the Swap Counterparty to the Custodian or such other 
relevant Counterparty.  
By making any substitution pursuant to this Condition 9(f) the Swap Counterparty shall be deemed 
to agree with the Issuer and the Trustee that its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement shall 
continue in full force and effect irrespective of such substitution and that no termination or 
adjustment to its obligations thereunder shall occur as a consequence of such substitution.  
The Trustee shall, upon notice from the Swap Counterparty (upon which the Trustee may rely 
without further enquiry) that the conditions for substitution referred to in this Condition 9(f) are met, 
release the Compartment Assets to be substituted from the security created in respect of it under the 
Trust Deed. The Issuer, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty will upon such substitution enter into 
such further documentation as may be required (if at all) by any applicable law and/or as may be 
required by the Trustee to give effect to the creation of security over any replacement securities, 
obligations or cash amounts in the manner set out in this Condition 9(f). 
References in these Conditions and the Trust Deed to "Compartment Assets" shall be deemed to 
include any substituted Compartment Assets and references to "Charged Assets" shall be deemed 
to include any additional assets or rights charged or assigned in favour of the Trustee pursuant to 
such substitution.  
Where "Substitution Notification" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall give 
notice of any substitution to Warrantholders under this Condition 9(f) in accordance with Condition 
17 (Notices) and, in relation to any Warrants listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (or if listed on another stock exchange to such other stock exchange) 
and will, if required by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (or of such other stock

--- Page 695 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 695 - 
exchange), prepare a supplement to any applicable prospectus or such other documents as may be 
required.  
If this Condition 9(f) is applicable, the Trustee and any Warrantholders may at any time require the 
Issuer to notify them of the composition of the Compartment Assets at such time.  
The Swap Counterparty may substitute the Compartment Assets in accordance with this Condition 
9(f) without regard to the projected market value of substitute securities or obligations.  There is no 
guarantee that the value of such Compartment Assets in the event of termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement, taking into account any termination payment due under such Swap Agreement to or from 
the Swap Counterparty, will equal or exceed the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be. 
(g)
Compartment Assets substitution under a Credit Support Annex, Credit Support Deed or Pledge 
Where the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into a Credit Support Annex in respect of 
any Swap Agreement, then the Compartment Assets may be substituted in whole or in part by the 
Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex.  
The securities, obligations or cash which may be substituted for the Compartment Assets shall be 
delivered (or paid, in the case of cash) by the Swap Counterparty to the Custodian (or, where an 
alternative bank or institution is specified as custodian for the Compartment Assets in the applicable 
Final Terms, to such entity).  
By making any substitution pursuant to this Condition 9(g), the Swap Counterparty shall be deemed 
to agree with the Issuer and the Trustee that its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement shall 
continue in full force and effect irrespective of such substitution and that no termination or 
adjustment to its obligations thereunder shall occur as a consequence of such substitution.  
In the case of Compartment Assets substitution under a Credit Support Annex, the Trustee shall, 
upon notice from the Swap Counterparty (upon which the Trustee may rely without further enquiry) 
that the conditions for substitution referred to in this Condition 9(g) are met, release the 
Compartment Assets to be substituted from the security created in respect of it under the Trust Deed. 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty will upon such substitution enter into such further 
documentation as may be required (if at all) by any applicable law and/or as may be required by the 
Trustee to give effect to the creation of security over any replacement securities, obligations or cash 
amounts in the manner set out in this Condition 9(g). 
After any substitution, references in these Conditions and the Trust Deed to "Compartment Assets" 
shall be deemed to include any Compartment Assets substituted and references to "Charged Assets" 
shall be deemed to include any additional assets or rights charged or assigned in favour of the Trustee 
pursuant to such substitution.  
Where substitution of the Compartment Assets takes place in accordance with the terms of any credit 
support annex, the Issuer shall not be obliged to give notice of any substitution to Warrantholders 
under this Condition 9(g). 
If this Condition 9(g) is applicable, the Trustee may at any time require the Issuer to notify it of the 
composition of the Compartment Assets at such time.  
Where the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into a Credit Support Deed in respect of 
any Swap Agreement, the collateral secured under the relevant Credit Support Deed may be 
substituted in whole or in part by the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Credit Support Deed.

--- Page 696 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 696 - 
Where the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into a Pledge in respect of any Swap 
Agreement, the assets secured under the relevant Pledge may be substituted in whole or in part by 
the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant Pledge.  
The Swap Counterparty may substitute the Compartment Assets in accordance with this Condition 
9(g) without regard to the projected market value of substitute securities or obligations.  There is no 
guarantee that the value of such Compartment Assets in the event of termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement, taking into account any termination payment due under such Swap Agreement to or from 
the Swap Counterparty, will equal or exceed the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be. 
(h)
Swap Counterparty optional termination 
Where this Condition 9(h) is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Swap Counterparty 
may (unless it is the Defaulting Party under, and as defined in, the relevant Swap Agreement) opt to 
terminate a Swap Agreement in whole or in part in accordance with either or both of the methods 
set out below (as specified in the Final Terms). 
(i) 
Cancellation following Swap Counterparty optional termination 
Where "Swap Counterparty optional termination - Call option" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, the following will apply: 
The Swap Counterparty may opt to terminate a Swap Agreement in whole or in part on 
either on any date specified as being applicable in the Final Terms upon the number of 
Business Days' notice specified as being applicable in the Final Terms.  
Such optional termination will lead to early termination in whole or in part, as the case may 
be, of the Warrants in the manner set out in this Condition 9(h).   
Within two Business Days of service by the Swap Counterparty of a notice that it has opted 
to terminate a Swap Agreement in whole or in part on any date (where it has such right as 
so specified in the Final Terms) nominated by the Swap Counterparty (the "Nominated 
Termination Date"), the Issuer shall notify the relevant Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 (Notices) of the early termination of the Warrants in whole or in part on such 
Nominated Termination Date and subject to Condition 8(c) (Early Termination Events) 
shall terminate the relevant Warrants at their fair market value on such Nominated 
Termination Date.  
If any such termination becomes due to be made by the Issuer in accordance with this 
Condition 9 and payment to the Warrantholders pursuant hereto is not made, the security 
constituted by the Trust Deed shall become enforceable and the Trustee may take such 
action as is provided in Condition 11 (Events of Default) or the Master Trust Terms.  
(ii)
Repurchase:
Where this Condition 9(h)(ii) is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Swap 
Counterparty may opt to terminate a Swap Agreement (or where a Swap Agreement has 
been entered into respect of the Warrants and one or more series of Related Warrants, the 
Series Transaction) upon service of written notice on the Issuer with a copy to the Trustee, 
in whole or in part and without payment by either party, if any of the Warrants to which that 
transaction relates are purchased by or on behalf of the Swap Counterparty or any of its 
subsidiaries or affiliates ("Purchased Warrants").  Where such option is exercised, such 
Swap Agreement , or as applicable, the Series Transaction will terminate pro rata in the 
proportion (the "Proportion") that the aggregate number of the Purchased Warrants bears 
to the number of the Warrants remaining unexercised immediately prior to the purchase of

--- Page 697 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 697 - 
the Purchased Warrants by the Swap Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 
Upon service of such notice, the Swap Counterparty will be either (A) authorised by the 
Issuer to take delivery of and/or deliver and/or realise on the Issuer's behalf the Proportion 
of the Charged Assets (if any) charged to or otherwise secured in favour of the Trustee under 
the Trust Deed or (B) entitled to payment of an amount equal to the Proportion of the 
Charged Assets where the Charged Assets is constituted by cash ("Realised Collateral"). 
The Realised Collateral will be payable or deliverable, as the case may be, by the Issuer to 
or to the order of the Swap Counterparty, in the contractual currency paid by the Issuer under 
the relevant Swap Agreement or, if applicable, the Series Transaction (where the Realised 
Collateral is not being delivered). Upon receipt of the Realised Collateral, the Swap 
Counterparty will deliver to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent the Purchased 
Warrants for cancellation. In such circumstances:  
(1) 
the Issuer will be deemed to have consented to the Trustee releasing the Realised 
Collateral to the Swap Counterparty upon termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement or, as applicable, the Series Transaction in the manner described in this 
Condition 9(h);  
(2) 
where relevant, the Swap Counterparty, on behalf of the Issuer, will be deemed to 
be authorised by the Issuer to realise the Proportion of the Charged Assets; and  
(3) 
the Trustee will, unless an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default has 
occurred, be deemed to release the Realised Collateral from the security created in 
respect of it under the Trust Deed. 
Where "Initial Condition Precedent" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer's obligation to pay or procure the payment of the Initial Remittance under the 
Deposit Agreement and/or to purchase the relevant Reference Securities and/or to pay the 
purchase price under the Repurchase Agreement to buy the securities which will constitute 
the Reference Securities under the Repurchase Agreement, as the case may be, will be 
subject to the condition precedent that the Dealer has determined in its absolute discretion 
that it has received from the Acquiring Party an amount equal to the Initial Remittance by 
no later than the Initial Condition Precedent Time on the Initial Condition Precedent Date.  
If the Dealer determines that it has not received such amounts, the Swap Counterparty may 
terminate the Swap Agreement, or, as applicable, the Series Transaction in accordance with 
this Condition 9(h)(ii) and the Issuer shall repurchase the Warrants in accordance with this 
Condition 9(h)(ii), which will lead to the termination of the Deposit Agreement (where 
applicable). 
As used in this Condition 9(h)(ii), 
"Acquiring Party" means the Authorised Offeror or such other party specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Proceeds Amount" means each amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Proceeds Payer" means the Swap Counterparty or, if Alternative Additional 
Proceeds Payer is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Repo Counterparty; 
"Authorised Offeror" means the party specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Dealer" means the party specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 698 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 698 - 
"Initial Condition Precedent Date" means the Issue Date unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Condition Precedent Time" means 12.00 noon (Central European Time) unless 
specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Initial Remittance" means (a) where Full Proceeds is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 100 per cent. of the net proceeds of issue of the Notes (the "Full Proceeds 
Amount"), (b) where Partial Proceeds is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
proportion of the net proceeds of issue of the Securities less than 100 per cent. thereof (such 
lower amount, the "Partial Proceeds Amount") and (c) where either Full Proceeds or 
Partial Proceeds is specified and Additional Proceeds is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms either the Full Proceeds Amount or the Partial Proceeds Amount, as 
the case may be, plus the Additional Proceeds Amount paid to the Issuer by the Additional 
Proceeds Payer. 
(i)
Residual Shortfall 
In the case of Warrants (but without prejudice to the rights of a holder of Guaranteed Warrants under 
the Guarantee (if applicable)), if the net proceeds of the realisation or enforcement of the Charged 
Assets created pursuant to the Trust Deed and/or any Additional Security Document in respect of 
the Charged Assets following payment of all prior ranking amounts (the "Net Proceeds") are not 
sufficient to make all payments due in respect of such Warrants and any Related Warrants, then:  
(i) 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Warrants and any Related Warrants will be 
limited to such Net Proceeds and neither the Trustee nor any Secured Party nor anyone 
acting on behalf of any Secured Party shall have any claim in respect of any asset of the 
Issuer not forming part of the Charged Assets; and  
(ii) 
the Issuer will not be obliged to make any further payment in excess of the Net Proceeds 
and any Warrantholder's right to receive any further sums in respect of any Residual 
Shortfall shall be extinguished in full, and neither the Trustee nor any Secured Party nor 
anyone acting on behalf of any Secured Party shall be entitled to take any further steps 
against the Issuer or the Trustee to recover any such Residual Shortfall.   
No Secured Party nor any party to the Trust Deed shall be entitled to petition or take any other step 
for the winding-up of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the opening of any bankruptcy 
(faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (insolvabilité liquidation volontaire ou 
judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from payment 
(sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion contrôlée), fraudulent conveyance (actio 
pauliana), general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings 
affecting the rights of creditors generally) or the appointment of an examiner in respect of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, the appointment of any receiver (curateur) (except any receiver 
appointed by the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed), liquidator (liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), 
verifier (expert-vérificateur), deputy judge (juge délégué) or reporting judge (juge commissaire)).  
Failure by the Issuer to make any payment in respect of any Residual Shortfall shall in no 
circumstances constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11. 
In this Condition, "Residual Shortfall" means the difference, if any, between the Net Proceeds and 
the aggregate amount which would have been due under the Warrants but for the operation of this 
Condition 9(i).

--- Page 699 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 699 - 
(j)
Issuer's rights as holder of Compartment Assets  
The Issuer may exercise any rights in its capacity as holder of the Compartment Assets (including, 
without limitation, a right to vote or any analogous right howsoever described) only with the consent 
of the Trustee (or as directed in writing by the respective holders of at least 25 per cent. (by number) 
of the Warrants then outstanding and at least 25 per cent (by number) of each series of  Related 
Warrants then unexercised or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Warrantholders and 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each series of Related Warrants) and (except in 
relation to the Swap Agreement) the Swap Counterparty and, if such direction is given, the Issuer 
will act in accordance with such directions, unless such instructions are in the reasonable opinion of 
the Issuer contrary to applicable laws, regulations and/or circular letters issued by the Issuer's 
supervisory authority or materially detrimental to the interests of the Issuer. In particular, the Issuer 
will not attend or vote at any meeting of holders of the Compartment Assets, or give any consent or 
notification or make any declaration in relation to the Compartment Assets, save with the consent of 
the Trustee (or as directed in writing by the respective holders of at least 25 per cent. (by number) 
of Warrants then then outstanding and at least 25 per cent (by number) of each series of  Related 
Warrants unexercised or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of each of the Warrantholders 
and by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each series of Related Warrants) and the Swap 
Counterparty. In the event of a conflict between the instructions of the Trustee (or the Warrantholders 
and, where applicable, the holders of each series of Related Warrants) and the Swap Counterparty, 
the instructions of the Instructing Party will prevail.   
In these Conditions "Instructing Party" means if "Swap Counterparty Priority" applies the Swap 
Counterparty (except in relation to the Swap Agreement, or where it is the Defaulting Party under, 
and as defined in, the relevant Swap Agreement, in which case the Instructing Party will be the 
Warrantholders) and if either "Warrantholder Priority" or "Pari-Passu Ranking" applies, the 
Warrantholders or, in the case of Warrants issued through a Multi-Series Compartment, means, if 
"Swap Counterparty Priority" applies, the Swap Counterparty (except in relation to the Swap 
Agreement, or where it is the defaulting party under the Swap Agreement, in which case the 
Instructing Party will be the Warrantholders, and if either "Warrantholder Priority", or "Pari-Passu 
Ranking" applies, the Warrantholders, provided that, if more than one series of warrants has been 
issued through the Compartment through which the Warrants have been issued, where the Instructing 
Party would otherwise be the Warrantholders, it shall the holders of at least 25 per cent. in number 
of the Warrants then unexercised and at least 25 per cent. in number of each series of Related 
Warrants then outstanding, or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of such Warrantholders 
and by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each series of Related Warrants.  
(k)
Swap termination 
Notwithstanding the terms of Condition 9(j) (Issuer's rights as holder of Compartment Assets), 
where "Swap Termination Without Cancellation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and where an Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) occurs under the Swap 
Agreement in circumstances where the Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the 
Swap Agreement), following notification of such Event of Default by the Issuer to the Trustee (a 
"Swap Default"), the Trustee shall promptly, and in any event not later than five Business Days after 
such notification, instruct the Issuer to deliver, in respect of the Swap Agreement (where such 
agreement is constituted by a 2002 Master Agreement published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "Master Agreement") and schedule thereto and any confirmations 
thereunder), a notice under Section 6(a) of the Master Agreement designating an Early Termination 
Date (as defined in the Swap Agreement).  In such circumstances, the Issuer (with the consent of the 
Trustee) may appoint an agent (a "Termination Agent") to assist it in terminating the Swap 
Agreement and making any calculations necessary in connection with such termination.  A pro rata
share of the amount, if any and subject to a minimum of zero, equal to (i) the sum of (1) the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) received by the Issuer under the Swap

--- Page 700 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 700 - 
Agreement (2) any interest which has accrued on the amount received by the Issuer (which may be 
a positive or negative amount) and (3) the Unused Charged Assets Proceeds less (ii) the costs and 
expenses of the Trustee and any costs and expenses of the Termination Agent incurred in connection 
with the termination of the Swap Agreement shall be paid by the Issuer to the Warrantholders on a 
pro rata and pari passu basis on the Settlement Date. If the Issuer does not receive the Early 
Termination Amount on or prior to the Settlement Date, Condition 8(h) will apply. For the purposes 
of this Condition 9(k), "Unused Charged Assets Proceeds" means any amounts received by the 
Issuer from the Charged Assets other than the Swap Agreement which have not been used on or prior 
to the Settlement Date to pay Cash Settlement Amounts otherwise payable in respect of the Warrants, 
amounts due to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement (including in respect of any Early 
Termination Amount due to the Swap Counterparty) and/or any fees, costs or expenses due to the 
Trustee and/or any of the Agents. 
10. 
Expenses and Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Warrants or under the Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of any Tax authority, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law, including, without limitation, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto, in which case the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall make all payments net 
of such withholding or deduction.  Such withholding or deduction shall not constitute an Event of 
Default under Condition 11. 
In addition, and if the Securities are deemed to be Specified Securities (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the Code, in determining the amount of 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code imposed with respect to 
any amounts to be paid on the Warrants, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend 
equivalent" payment (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at a rate of 30 per cent. 
Payments on the Warrants that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may 
be calculated by reference to the dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 70 
per cent. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the Issuer may withhold, and the 
holder may be deemed to receive, 30 per cent. of any "dividend equivalent" payments (as defined in 
Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.  
All taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, transaction or 
exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer and/or 
other taxes or duties arising from the exercise and settlement of such Warrants and/or the delivery 
or transfer of the Entitlement (as applicable) pursuant to the terms of such Warrants ("Exercise 
Expenses") relating to such Warrants shall be for the account of the Warrantholder.  The Issuer shall 
deduct from amounts payable or from assets deliverable to Warrantholders all Related Expenses, not 
previously deducted from amounts paid or assets delivered to Warrantholders, as the Calculation 
Agent shall in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determine are attributable to the 
Warrants.  Such deduction by the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 11. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor the Guarantor (if applicable) shall be 
liable for any Related Expenses and Warrantholders shall be liable to pay the Related Expenses 
attributable to their Warrants.   
"Expenses" means Exercise Expenses and any Related Expenses.

--- Page 701 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 701 - 
"Related Expenses" means (a) all present, future, prospective, contingent or anticipated Taxes 
which are (or may be) or were (or may have been) withheld or payable under the laws, regulations 
or administrative practices of any state (or any political sub-division or authority thereof or therein) 
and (b) any other present, future, or contingent expenses (including without limitation, any 
applicable depositary charges, transaction charges, issue registration, securities transfer or other 
expenses) which are (or may be) or were (or may have been) payable, in each case in respect of or 
in connection with: 
(i)
the issue, transfer or enforcement of the Warrants; 
(ii)
any payment (or delivery of assets) to Warrantholders; 
(iii)
a person or its agent's assets or any rights, distributions of dividends appertaining to such 
assets (has such an investor (or agent) purchased, owned, held, realised, sold or otherwise 
disposed of assets) in such a number as the Calculation Agent, in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, may determine to be appropriate as a hedge or related 
trading position in connection with the Warrants; or 
(iv)
any of the Swap Counterparty's or any Affiliate's other hedging arrangements in connection 
with the Warrants. 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Warrant means the date on which payment in respect of it first 
becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of materialised Warrants (if 
earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Warrantholders that, upon 
further presentation of the Warrant, being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment 
will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
"Taxes" means taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments or other charges 
(including any stamp, registration or transfer tax, duty or other charge or tax on income, payments 
(or delivery of assets), profits, capital gains, or, for the avoidance of doubt, any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto) together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties. 
11. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
The Trustee at its discretion may (subject as provided in sub-paragraph (b) below), and if so 
requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. (by number) of the Warrants of any Series 
then remaining unexercised, or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of such holders, shall, 
subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (if applicable) that the Warrantholders are, and they shall accordingly forthwith 
become, (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) entitled to the Liquidation Proceeds (such 
occurrence, a "Warrant Acceleration") upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each 
an "Event of Default"): 
(i) 
a default is made for a period of 30 days or more in the payment of any sum due or the 
delivery of the Entitlement deliverable in respect of the Warrants; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Warrants or the 
Trust Deed and (unless such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy in 
which case no such notice as is referred to in this paragraph shall be required) such failure 
continues for a period of 45 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) 
following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be

--- Page 702 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 702 - 
remedied (and for these purposes, a failure to perform or observe an obligation shall be 
deemed to be remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or 
thing by a particular time); or 
(iii)    
 in respect of any other series of Related Warrants, a "Warrant Acceleration" (as defined 
under the terms and conditions of such Related Warrants) occurs; or 
(iv) 
any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the opening of any bankruptcy 
(faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (insolvabilité, liquidation volontaire 
ou judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from 
payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion contrôlée), fraudulent 
conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement with creditors or reorganisation 
proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally) or the 
appointment of a receiver of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the appointment of 
any receiver (curateur), liquidator (liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), verifier (expert-
vérificateur), deputy judge (juge délégué) or reporting judge (juge commissaire)) save for 
the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Warrantholders; or  
(v) 
in the case of Guaranteed Warrants, the Guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect in 
respect of the Warrants or notice is given by the Guarantor (if applicable) which would 
cause the Guarantee to cease to be in full force and effect in respect of such Warrants or is 
rendered void for any cause or by any means whatsoever or any legislation is introduced the 
result of which would be to remove the benefit of the Guarantee from the Warrants or 
terminate or amend the same in a manner (in the opinion of the Trustee) materially adverse 
to the interests of the Warrantholders, or the Guarantor (if applicable) is unable to perform 
its obligations thereunder for any reason.   
(b) 
If an Event of Default occurs by virtue of the operation of Condition 11(a)(iii) above: (i) a Warrant 
Acceleration for the purposes of the Warrants shall be deemed to have occurred at the same time as 
the "Warrant Acceleration" (as such expression is defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Related Warrants) occurred for the purposes of the relevant Related Warrants; and (ii) the 
Compartment Security constituted by or created pursuant to the Trust Deed and any Additional 
Security Document shall become enforceable as described in Condition 13 (Enforcement and 
Realisation). 
(c)  
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee shall not be under any obligation to monitor whether or 
not an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
12. 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Actual Exercise Date" means the Exercise Date on which the Warrant is actually or is deemed 
exercised or, if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final Terms, is automatically 
exercised (as more fully set out in Condition 4). 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Business Day" means a day which is both:

--- Page 703 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 703 - 
(a) 
a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro or CNY, a 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
(any such centre, an "Additional Business Centre" and which, if the Specified Currency 
is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); 
(ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day (a "TARGET Settlement Day") on which 
the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
("TARGET2") payment system which utilises a single platform and which was launched 
on 19 November 2007 (or, if such system ceases to be operative, such system (if any) 
determined by the Calculation Agent to be a suitable replacement) (the "TARGET 
System") is open; or (iii) for the purposes of making payments in CNY, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the CNY 
Settlement Centre(s). 
"Entitlement" means in relation to a Physical Delivery Warrant or if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, which a Warrantholder is entitled to receive on the Settlement 
Date in respect of each such Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, following payment of the Exercise 
Price (and any other sums payable) rounded down as provided in Condition 4(d)(i), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent including any documents evidencing such Entitlement. 
"Expenses" means all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve 
tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the delivery of the Entitlement. 
"Exercise Price" means the exercise price(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Expiration Date" means in the case of American Style Warrants the last day of the Exercise Period 
or, in the case of European Style Warrants, the Exercise Date. 
"fair market value" means the fair market value as determined by the Calculation Agent (unless 
otherwise specified). 
"Local Time" means local time in the city of the relevant Clearing System. 
"Relevant Asset" means the Relevant Asset specified in the applicable Final Terms, or where 
applicable. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which (as the case may be) the Shares, the Shares 
relating to the depositary receipts, the Fund or the Fund Units or the Debt Securities are issued (or 
in which the issuer of such Shares or Fund Units is incorporated) or the Index is based, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Settlement Date" means unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in relation to Cash Settled Warrants: 
(i) 
(other than in respect of Inflation Linked Warrants) in relation to each Actual 
Exercise Date, (A) where Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the fifth Business Day following the Valuation Date, provided that if the Warrants

--- Page 704 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 704 - 
are Index Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of Indices, Share Linked Warrants 
relating to a Basket of Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs, Debt Linked Warrants relating 
to a Basket of Debt Securities, Commodity Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of 
Commodities or Commodity Indices, Fund Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of 
fund shares, Underlying Interest Rate Linked Warrants, ETI Linked Warrants 
relating to a Basket of ETIs and the occurrence of a Disrupted Day has resulted in 
a Valuation Date for one or more Indices, Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs, Debt 
Securities, Commodities or Commodity Indices, Fund Shares or ETIs, as the case 
may be, being adjusted as set out in the definition of "Valuation Date" below, the 
Settlement Date shall be the fifth Business Day next following the last occurring 
Valuation Date in relation to any Index, Share, GDR or ADR, Debt Security, 
Commodity or Commodity Index, Fund Share or ETI, as the case may be, or (B) 
where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fifth Business Day 
following the last occurring Averaging Date, provided that where the Warrants are 
Index Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of Indices, Share Linked Warrants 
relating to a Basket of Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs, Debt Linked Warrants relating 
to a basket of Debt Securities, Commodity Linked Warrants relating to a basket of 
Commodities or Commodity Indices, Fund Linked Warrants relating to a Basket of 
Fund Shares, Underlying Interest Rate Linked Warrants relating to a basket of 
Underlying Interest Rates, ETI Linked Warrants relating to a basket of ETIs and 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day has resulted in an Averaging Date for one or 
more Indices, Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs, Debt Securities, Commodities or 
Commodity Indices, Fund Shares or ETIs as the case may be, being adjusted as set 
out in the definition of "Averaging Date" above, the Settlement Date shall be the 
fifth Business Day next following the last occurring Averaging Date in relation to 
any Index, Share, GDR and/or ADR, Debt Security, Commodity or Commodity 
Index, Fund Share or ETI or Reference Entity, as the case may be; or 
(ii) 
in respect of Inflation Linked Warrants, the date as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(b) 
in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants, the date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
13. 
Enforcement and Realisation  
Upon the occurrence of a Warrant Acceleration under Condition 11, the Compartment Security 
constituted by or created pursuant to the Trust Deed and any Additional Security Document relating 
to a Series of Warrants and any Related Warrants and the Compartment to which such Series relates, 
shall become enforceable.  The Trustee may enforce the Compartment Security at any time after it 
has become enforceable but is only obliged to enforce the Compartment Security if directed to do so 
by (a) (where the Instructing Party is the Warrantholder) either a direction in writing by 
Warrantholders of at least 25 per cent. (by number) of the relevant Series of Warrants or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Warrantholders; or (b) (where the Instructing Party is the Swap 
Counterparty) a written direction of the Swap Counterparty.  The Trustee or any appointee or 
receiver appointed thereby may enforce the security by one or more of the following: 
(i) 
endeavouring to sell or otherwise realise the Charged Assets (including, without limitation, 
by terminating, closing out or enforcing any Related Agreement or other agreement entered 
into by the Issuer, the rights of the Issuer in respect of which form part of the Charged 
Assets) in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed; and/or  
(ii) 
otherwise enforcing the Compartment Security constituted by or pursuant to the Trust Deed 
and/or any Additional Security Document, in each case, without any liability as to the

--- Page 705 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 705 - 
consequences of any such action and without having regard to the effect of any such action 
on individual Warrantholders,  
provided that the Trustee shall not be required to take any such action without first being indemnified 
and/or secured to its satisfaction or to do anything which is or may be contrary to any applicable law 
or regulation.  
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of 
the Secured Parties.   
14. 
Meetings of the Warrantholders; Modifications; Waiver; Trustee Determination; 
Substitution; Entitlement of the Trustee  
(a)
Meetings of the Warrantholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a video conference platform) of Warrantholders of each Series to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Warrants 
(including these Conditions or the provisions of the Master Trust Terms and the relevant Issue Deed 
insofar as the same may apply to such Warrants).  The quorum at a meeting of the Warrantholders 
(except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution) will be two or more persons holding 
or representing not less than 20 per cent. (by number) of the Warrants for the time being remaining 
unexercised, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing Warrantholders 
whatever the number of Warrants so held or represented.  The quorum at any such meeting for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons holding or representing not less 
than 50 per cent. (by number) of the Warrants for the time being remaining unexercised or, at any 
adjourned such meeting, two or more person holding or representing not less than 10 per cent. (by 
number) of the Warrants for the time being remaining unexercised.  A resolution will be an 
Extraordinary Resolution when it has been passed at a duly convened meeting by not less than three 
fourths of the votes cast by the Warrantholders at such meeting who, being entitled to do so, vote in 
person or by proxy.  An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding 
on all the Warrantholders, whether present or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed 
to address a Reserved Matter will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the Warrantholders, the 
quorum at which shall be persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. (by number) of 
the Warrants for the time being remaining unexercised or, at any adjourned meeting, not less than 
25 per cent. (by number) of the Warrants for the time being remaining unexercised.   
The holder of a Global Warrant representing all (or part) of the Warrants for the time being 
outstanding will be treated as being two persons for the purposes of such quorum requirements.  A 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. (including in 
the case of a resolution proposed to address a Reserved Matter (as defined in the Trust Deed)) (by 
number) of the Warrants of such Series for the time being remaining unexercised shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the 
Warrantholders.   
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-20 of the Luxembourg Act dated 10th August, 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended, shall not apply to the Warrants. 
(b)
Modification 
The Trustee may, in respect of each Series, without the consent of the Warrantholders, agree to (i) 
any modification to any Transaction Document or any other agreement to which the Issuer is a party 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error; (ii) any 
modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document (other 
than in respect of a Warrant Reserved Matter) which in the opinion of the Trustee is not materially

--- Page 706 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 706 - 
prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders and the holders of any Related Warrants; and (iii) 
any modification of the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document (other than 
in respect of a Warrant Reserved Matter) which is made to satisfy any requirement of any stock 
exchange on which the Warrants are or are proposed to be listed and which, in each case, is not in 
the opinion of the Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders and the holders 
if any Related Warrants.   
Notice of such modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Warrantholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 17 unless the Trustee agrees otherwise.   
(c)
Waiver  
The Trustee may, in respect of any Series, without the consent of the Warrantholders and without 
prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, from time to time and at any time, but 
only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Warrantholders and the holders of any 
Related Warrants shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise, on such terms and 
conditions as to it shall seem expedient, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer or (if applicable) 
the Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions in the Trust Deed or the Conditions or determine 
that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such provided always 
that the Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred on it by this Condition 14(c) in respect of 
any Warrant Reserved Matter or in contravention of any express direction given by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Warrantholders and an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each series of 
any Related Warrants, but no such direction shall affect any waiver, authorisation or determination 
previously given or made.  Any such waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the 
Warrantholders of such Series. 
Notice of any such waiver, authorisation or determination shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Warrantholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 17 unless the Trustee 
agrees otherwise.   
(d) 
Trustee Determination
If, in the opinion of the Trustee, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination referred to 
in paragraphs (b)(ii) or (iii) and (c) of this Condition 14 affects the interests of the holders of any 
Series of Related Warrants, the Trustee shall agree to such modification, waiver, authorisation or 
determination only if either (i) it is satisfied that, in its opinion, the interests of the holders of the 
relevant Series of Related Warrants will not be materially prejudiced thereby or (ii) the holders of 
the relevant Series of Related Warrants sanction such modification, waiver, authorisation or 
determination by way of Extraordinary Resolution, each of (i) and (ii) in accordance with the 
Conditions of the relevant Series of Related Warrants. 
(e) 
Substitution
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee, subject to the further conditions set out 
in the Trust Deed and such amendment of the Trust Deed and other conditions as the Trustee may 
require, but without the consent of the holders of the relevant Series of Warrants, unless Issuer 
Substitution is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to agree with the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (if applicable) to the substitution, in respect of any Series of Warrants, in place of the 
Issuer (or of the previous substitute), as the principal debtor under the Warrants of such Series, or, 
when applicable, the Guarantor, as guarantor of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
relevant Series of Warrants, of any other company (such substituted company being hereinafter 
called the "Substitute Company").

--- Page 707 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 707 - 
Not later than 14 days after the execution of such amendment and compliance with such conditions 
as aforesaid, the Substitute Company shall give notice thereof in a form previously approved by the 
Trustee to the relevant Warrantholders in the manner provided in accordance with Condition 17. 
(f) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Warrantholders as a class and shall 
not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for any particular Warrantholder and the 
Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Warrantholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual holders of such Warrants.   
15. 
Further Warrants and Related Warrants 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Warrantholders (but provided that the 
Trustee is satisfied that the restrictions set out in this Condition 15 will be complied with), create 
and issue:  
(a)  
further Warrants ("Further Warrants") having the same terms and conditions as the 
Warrants in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Date and issue price) and so 
that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with such Warrants; and 
(b) 
where the relevant Compartment is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a 
Compartment through which more than one Series of warrants may be issued (a "Multi-
Series Compartment"), Related Warrants,  
provided that (unless otherwise approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Warrantholders , 
and an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined under the terms and conditions of such Related 
Warrants) in respect of the holders of each Series of Related Warrants (if any) then outstanding under 
the relevant Compartment immediately prior to the date on which such Further Warrants or Related 
Warrants are to be issued) 
(i) 
in the case of Further Warrants, the Issuer provides additional security for such 
Further Warrants that comprises assets that are fungible with, and have the same 
proportionate composition as, the Charged Assets in respect of the relevant existing 
Warrants and that has an aggregate principal amount at least equal to the product 
of (i) the principal amount of such existing security and (ii) a fraction, the 
numerator of which is the number of the Further Warrants and the denominator is 
the aggregate number of the existing Warrants;  
(ii) 
in the case of Related Warrants, where there are Compartment Assets for the 
existing Warrants, (A) where the Compartment Asset Coverage Test is not 
specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer provides 
additional security for such Related Warrants that comprises assets that are fungible 
with, and have the same proportionate composition as, the Compartment Assets in 
respect of the relevant existing Warrants and that has an aggregate principal amount 
at least equal to the product of (1) the principal amount of such existing security 
and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is the Aggregate Outstanding Issue 
Amount of the Related Warrants and the denominator is the sum of the Aggregate 
Outstanding Issue Amount of the existing Warrants and Aggregate Outstanding 
Issue Amount of any existing Related Warrants or (B) where the Compartment 
Asset Coverage Test is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer provides additional security for such Related Warrants (including

--- Page 708 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 708 - 
Compartment Assets) so that the Compartment Asset Coverage Test is not 
breached; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Further Warrants, the Issuer enters into an additional and/or 
supplemental agreement varying the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement, 
Repurchase Agreement or Deposit Agreement, as applicable, to take account of the 
Further Warrants on terms no less favourable than those of the Swap Agreement, 
Repurchase Agreement or Deposit Agreement, as applicable. 
In the event that any Series of Related Warrants is redeemed other than pursuant to a Warrant 
Acceleration (as such expression is defined under the terms and conditions of such Related 
Warrants), the Issuer (or any Disposal Agent) shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision to the 
contrary, to modify the composition or, if appropriate, the terms of the Compartment Assets so as to 
ensure that such redemption does not cause a breach of the Compartment Asset Coverage Test if 
specified as applicable, in each case, in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any Further Warrants shall be constituted and secured by a supplemental trust deed and the Related 
Warrants shall be constituted and secured by the Trust Deed and the Warrants and the Further 
Warrants shall be secured by the same Charged Assets.  References in these Conditions to 
"Warrants" and "Charged Assets" shall be construed accordingly.  
Where the applicable Final Terms do not specify that the relevant Compartment is a Multi- Series 
Compartment, references in these Terms and Conditions to Related Warrants or the holders of 
Related Warrants, as the case may be, shall not be applicable and these Terms and Conditions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
16. 
Removal, Indemnification and Obligations of the Trustee  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the appointment, retirement and removal of the Trustee.  The 
Issuer shall as soon as practicable after the appointment of a new trustee notify the Warrantholders 
of such appointment in accordance with Condition 17. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility including for the exercise of any voting rights in respect of the Compartment Assets 
or for the value, validity, sufficiency and enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of 
the Compartment Security created over the Charged Assets.  The Trustee is not obliged to take any 
action under the Trust Deed, the Warrants or otherwise unless indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction.  The Trustee and any affiliate is entitled to enter into business transactions with the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any issuer or guarantor (where applicable) of any of the Charged Assets any 
party other than the Issuer under a Related Agreement (including, without limitation, the Swap 
Counterparty), or any of their subsidiary, holding or associated companies without accounting to the 
Warrantholders for profit resulting therefrom.   
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value (as 
appropriate) of the Charged Assets from any obligation to insure or to procure the insuring of the 
Charged Assets (or any documents evidencing, constituting or representing the same or transferring 
any rights or obligations thereunder) and from any claim arising from the fact that the Charged Assets 
are held in an account with a clearing agent in accordance with that relevant clearing agent's rules or 
otherwise held in safe custody by the Custodian or any custodian whether or not selected by the 
Trustee (in each case, if applicable).  The Trustee is not responsible for supervising the performance 
by (i) the Issuer of its own obligations and (ii) any other person of their obligations to the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition 16, each of the Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
expressly accepts and confirms, for the purposes of articles 1278 and 1281 of the Luxembourg civil 
code, that notwithstanding any assignment, transfer and/or novation permitted under and made in

--- Page 709 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 709 - 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed or any agreement referred to therein to which the 
Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor are party, any security created or guarantee given under 
the Trust Deed shall be reserved for the benefit of the new trustee (for itself and for the benefit of 
each other Secured Party). 
17. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Warrants shall be valid if: (a) in the case of Warrants represented by a 
Global Warrant, delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by 
them to the Warrantholders; (b) so long as any Warrants are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of such stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, in accordance with such rules; or (c) in the case of Registered Warrants if sent 
by first class mail to the Warrantholders (or the first named of joint Warrantholders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register. If and for so long as the Warrants are admitted to 
trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and so long as the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, notices shall be made available on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
Business Day on which such delivery takes place or, if earlier, the date of such publication, or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first such publication. 
If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and 
will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.   
Whilst any of the Warrants are represented by a Global Warrant, such notice may be given by any 
Warrantholder to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) via 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.   
18. 
Adjustments for European Monetary Union 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Warrantholders or the Trustee, on giving notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices): 
(a) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the Warrants 
shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(v)
where the Settlement Currency of the Warrants is the National Currency Unit of a country 
which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, such 
Settlement Currency shall be deemed to be an amount of euro converted from the original 
Settlement Currency into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as 
to rounding as the Calculation Agent may decide, and as may be specified in the notice, and 
after the Adjustment Date, all payments of the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the 
Warrants will be made solely in euro as though references in the Warrants to the Settlement 
Currency were to euro; 
(vi)
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions are expressed in or, in 
the case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange from or into, the currency (the 
"Original Currency") of a country which is participating in the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union, such Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these 
Conditions shall be deemed to be expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, 
converted from or, as the case may be into, euro at the Established Rate; and

--- Page 710 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 710 - 
(vii)
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Calculation Agent may decide 
to conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments expressed in euro; and/or 
(b) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Weighting and/or the Settlement 
Price and/or the Exercise Price and/or any other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms as the Calculation Agent, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may 
determine to be appropriate to account for the effect of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union on the Weighting and/or the Settlement Price and/or the Exercise Price and/or such 
other terms of these Conditions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent, the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and the Trustee shall be liable to any Warrantholder or other 
person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of 
euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Adjustment Date" means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Warrantholders 
pursuant to this Condition which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Original 
Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to 
the Treaty; 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of 
the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"National Currency Unit" means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are defined 
on the day before the date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in the third 
stage of European Economic and Monetary Union; and 
"Settlement Currency" shall be the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
19. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999  
The Warrants shall not confer on a third party any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Warrants, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third 
party which may exist or is available apart from that Act.   
20. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction  
(a) 
The Master Trust Terms and the Issue Deed (save to the extent that the Master Trust Terms 
and/or the Issue Deed relates to security interests created over assets located or deemed to 
be located in Luxembourg), the Agency Agreement, the Warrants, (and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with such documents) are (or, as the case may 
be, shall be) governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.   
(b) 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may  
directly or indirectly, arise out of or in connection with the Warrants (including any dispute 
as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations

--- Page 711 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS 
- 711 - 
arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and the Warrants) (a "Dispute") and 
each of the Issuer, the Trustee and each Warrantholder (by its acquisition of a Warrant) is 
deemed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(c) 
The Issuer and each Warrantholder (by its acquisition of a Warrant) waive any objection to 
the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum 
to settle any Dispute.     
(d) 
The Issuer appoints BNP Paribas, London Branch, of 10 Harewood Avenue, London NW1 
6AA (Attention: the Loan Administration Department), as its agent for service of process, 
and undertakes that, in the event of BNP Paribas, London Branch ceasing so to act or ceasing 
to be registered in England, it will appoint, subject to the prior written approval of the 
Trustee, another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any suit, 
action or proceedings (together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection 
with the Warrants (including Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with such Warrants).  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.   
(e) 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts 
and has appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set 
out above.

--- Page 712 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 712 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates, which will include the additional terms and 
conditions for payouts for Securities contained in Annex 1, the additional terms and conditions contained in 
Annex 2 in the case of Index Linked Certificates, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 3 
in the case of Share Linked Certificates, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 4 in the case 
of Debt Linked Certificates, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 5 in the case of 
Commodity Linked Certificates, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 6 in the case of 
Inflation Linked Certificates, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 7 in the case of 
Currency Linked Certificates, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 8 in the case of Fund 
Linked Certificates, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 9 in the case of Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Certificates, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 10 in the case of 
Credit Linked Certificates, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 11 in the case of ETI 
Linked Certificates and the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 12 in the case of Notional 
Value Repack Certificates (each an "Annex" and together the "Annexes" which may be added from time to 
time) which will be incorporated by reference into each Global Note and each Definitive Note, in the latter 
case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note 
will have endorsed upon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.   
The Terms and Conditions of any Certificates will be completed either by the applicable Final Terms or, in 
circumstances where Certificates are not issued on the basis of this Base Prospectus, by issue specific terms 
prepared in accordance with any such issue ("Issue Specific Terms"). Where the Terms and Conditions of 
any Certificates are completed by Issue Specific Terms, references herein and in the Annexes to the "Final 
Terms" shall be deemed to be references to the "Issue Specific Terms" relating to such Certificates.  
The applicable Final Terms or Issue Specific Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed on, 
attached to or incorporated by reference in, each Global Certificate.  Reference should be made to the section 
headed "Form of Final Terms for Certificates" above for a description of the content of Final Terms or Issue 
Specific Terms, as the case may be, which will specify which of such terms is to apply in relation to the 
relevant Certificates. 
This Certificate is one of a Series (as defined below) of Certificates issued by SecurAsset S.A. (the "Issuer"), 
a regulated securitisation undertaking within the meaning of the Luxembourg Act dated 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, as amended (the "Securitisation Act 2004", which term shall include such act as modified, 
amended or re-enacted from time to time), constituted and secured by relevant issue deed dated the date of 
issue of the Certificates (the "Issue Date") (or in the case of Certificates issued through a Multi-Series 
Compartment, secured by the issue deed relating to the first series of certificates issued through the relevant 
Compartment (the "Original Issue Deed") and constituted by the Original Issue Deed and an issue deed 
supplemental to the Original Issue Deed) between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Trustee and the persons specified 
therein as a Swap Counterparty and/or Deposit Counterparty and/or Repo Counterparty (each as defined in 
Condition 9 (Compartment Assets)) (the "Issue Deed") which incorporates master trust terms between the 
Issuer and BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include all 
persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed (as defined below)) as trustee for the 
Certificateholders (as defined below) and, where applicable, the holders of any Related Certificates (the 
"Master Trust Terms", together with the Issue Deed and the issue deeds relating to any Related Certificates 
(which may be expressed to be supplemental to any Original Issue Deed), the "Trust Deed")). References 
herein to the "Issuer" shall include the Substitute Company as defined in Condition 15(e) (Substitution), in 
the case of any substitution of the Issuer in accordance with that Condition.   
References herein to the Certificates shall be references to the Certificates of this Series and shall mean:

--- Page 713 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 713 - 
(a)
Certificates held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream Banking, société anonyme
("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear"), and/or any other 
relevant clearing system ("Clearing System Certificates") constituted by a clearing system global 
Certificate (a "Clearing System Global Certificate"); and  
(b)
any global Certificate in registered form ("Registered Global Certificate(s)" and, together with a 
Clearing System Global Certificate, each a "Global Certificate"). 
Each Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) of Certificates will be either Clearing System Certificates 
or Registered Certificates issued outside the United States in transactions not subject to the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S.   
Clearing System Certificates will on issue be represented by a Clearing System Global Certificate as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.  Registered Certificates will on issue be represented by a Registered Global 
Certificate which will be exchangeable for definitive Registered Certificates in certain circumstances set out 
in such Registered Global Certificate.  Interests in a Clearing System Global Certificate may not be 
exchanged for interests in a Registered Global Certificate and vice versa. 
The Certificates have the benefit of an agency agreement dated 6 February 2009, as most recently amended 
and restated on 22 September 2022 (the "Agency Agreement", which expression includes the same as it may 
be modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time) and made between, inter alia, the Issuer, 
the Trustee, BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. as calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent"), which expression 
shall include any additional or successor calculation agents specified in the applicable Final Terms, BNP 
Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including the Merger Date, will be 
substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) as account bank (where specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) (the "Account Bank"), BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (which, from 
and including the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) as 
principal warrant and certificate agent, registrar and, where specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
custodian and cash manager (the "Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent"), the "Registrar", the 
"Custodian" and the "Cash Manager" respectively, which expressions shall include, in each case, any 
additional, alternative or successor agents specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the other warrant and 
certificate agents named therein (together with the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and the Registrar, 
the "Warrant and Certificate Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor warrant 
and certificate agents).  The Warrant and Certificate Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Cash Manager and 
the Custodian shall be referred to collectively herein as the "Agents".  The Certificates, the Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement (together with any supplements thereto), the Dealer Agreement and any other Related 
Agreements are together referred to as the "Transaction Documents". 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Certificates which expression shall 
mean, in the case of Clearing System Global Certificates, the Certificateholders and, in the case of Registered 
Global Certificates, the persons in whose name the Certificates are registered, and shall, in relation to any 
Certificates represented by a Global Certificate, be construed as provided in Condition 1 below.  The Trustee 
also holds the Compartment Security granted by the Issuer for itself and the other Secured Parties (as defined 
below).   
Any reference herein to "Euroclear" and/or "Clearstream, Luxembourg" (each term as defined above) 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative 
clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms, approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), 
the Trustee, the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, the Registrar (in the case of Certificates in registered 
form ("Registered Certificates") only) and, in the case of Certificates listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 714 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 714 - 
The Final Terms for the Certificates (or other relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Final Terms that 
are endorsed on, attached to or incorporated by reference in this Certificate and which complete these terms 
and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions" or the "Conditions").   
As used herein, "Tranche" means Certificates which are identical in all respects, "Series" means a Tranche 
of Certificates together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Certificates which are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series with the original Tranche and (b) identical in all respects except for 
their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates, and/or Issue Prices, as applicable and "Related 
Certificates" means each other series of Certificates issued through the same Compartment as the Certificates 
where the relevant Compartment is a Multi-Series Compartment (as defined in Condition 17(b)).   
Copies of the Master Trust Terms and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by 
Certificateholders during normal business hours from the specified offices of the Warrant and Certificate 
Agents or may be provided by email to a Certificateholder following their prior written request to the relevant 
Warrant and Certificate Agent and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the 
relevant Warrant and Certificate Agent).  Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing by 
Certificateholders at www.bourse.lu and copies may be obtained from the specified office of the Principal 
Warrant and Warrant and Certificate Agent save that, if this Certificate is a Private Placement Certificate (as 
defined below) which has not been offered to the public in Luxembourg, the applicable Final Terms will only 
be obtainable by a Certificateholder holding one or more such Certificates and such Certificateholder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Warrant and Certificate Agent as to 
its holding of such Certificates and identity.  The Certificateholders are deemed to have notice of, and are 
entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms.  The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of 
the Trust Deed (as such term is defined in the Master Trust Terms).  In this paragraph, "Private Placement 
Certificate" means any Certificate that is not (i) offered to the public in the EEA for the purposes of article 
1.1 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") (except as specified under Article 1.4 
and/or Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation) or (ii) admitted to trading in the EEA for the purposes of 
article 1.1 of the Prospectus Regulation.   
BNP Paribas ("BNPP") and BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA are implementing an intragroup 
reorganisation pursuant to which BNPP, as the "absorbing entity", will merge with BNP Paribas Securities 
Services SCA, as the "absorbed entity", pursuant to the simplified merger regime (fusion simplifiée), which 
is governed by Articles L. 236-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (the 
"Intragroup Merger"). The Intragroup Merger will take effect on 1 October 2022 or such other date as shall 
be notified to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (the "Merger Date"). 
By subscribing to, or otherwise acquiring, the Certificates, each Certificateholder expressly acknowledges 
and agrees that:  
(a)
the Issuer (i) is subject to the Securitisation Act 2004 and (ii) in connection with the Certificates has 
created a specific Compartment, which Compartment shall be identified by the number and/or name 
ascribed to it in the applicable Final Terms, to which all assets, rights, claims and agreements relating 
to the Certificates will be allocated, subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b)
the provisions with respect to the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms will apply;  
(c)
all payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Certificates and the related Swap Agreement 
(if any) will be made only from and to the extent of the sums received or recovered from time to 
time by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Trustee in respect of the Charged Assets and, following a 
Certificate Acceleration in respect of the Certificate, the entitlement of the Certificateholder will be 
limited to such Certificateholder's pro rata share of the proceeds of the relevant Charged Assets 
applied in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms and not to 
the assets allocated to other compartments created by the Issuer or to any other assets of the Issuer

--- Page 715 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 715 - 
and, in the case of Guaranteed Certificates, sums obtained on its behalf by the Trustee, making a 
claim under the Guarantee, subject to the terms set out in the applicable Final Terms and the relevant 
provisions of the Guarantee;  
(d)
once all moneys received by the Trustee in connection with the enforcement of the Compartment 
Security over the Charged Assets have been applied in accordance with the Order of Priority set out 
in the applicable Final Terms and in the Master Trust Terms, it is not entitled to take any further 
steps against the Issuer to recover any further sums due and the right to receive any such sum shall 
be extinguished;  
(e)
it shall have no right to attach or otherwise seize the Charged Assets (subject as provided above), or 
any other assets of the Issuer, including, without limitation, any assets allocated to any other 
compartments of the Issuer; and  
(f)
no Certificateholder shall be entitled to petition or take any other step for the liquidation, winding-
up or the bankruptcy of the Issuer or any similar proceedings.   
Words and expressions defined in the Master Trust Terms or the Agency Agreement or used in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions 
unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated, and provided that, in the event of 
any inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail.   
Certificates may not be exercised, and the securities may not be delivered upon exercise, in the 
United States or to, or for the account of or benefit of a U.S. Person as defined in Regulation S. 
1. 
Type, title and transfer 
(a)
Type 
The Certificates relate to a specified Index or Basket of Indices ("Index Linked Certificates"), a 
specified Share (including a specified depositary receipt (a "GDR/ADR")) or Basket of Shares or a 
basket of GDRs and/or ADRs ("Share Linked Certificates"), a specified debt security or basket of 
debt securities ("Debt Linked Certificates"), a specified commodity or commodity index or basket 
of commodities and/or commodity indices ("Commodity Linked Certificates"), a specified 
inflation index or basket of inflation Indices ("Inflation Linked Certificates"), a specified currency 
or basket of currencies ("Currency Linked Certificates"), a specified fund share or unit or basket 
of fund shares or units, fund indices ("Fund Linked Certificates"), underlying interest rate linked 
certificates ("Underlying Interest Rate Linked Certificates"), the credit of a specified reference 
entity or entities ("Credit Linked Certificates"), a specified interest in an exchange traded fund, an 
exchange traded Certificate, an exchange traded commodity or any other exchange traded product 
(each an "exchange traded instrument") or benefit of interests in exchange traded instruments 
("ETI Linked Certificates") or any other or further type of Certificates as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms including Certificates which relate to any combination of such indices, 
shares, debt securities, commodities, inflation indices, currencies, fund shares or units, fund indices, 
underlying interest rates and other asset classes or types ("Hybrid Certificates").
If the Certificates are Hybrid Certificates and Hybrid Certificates is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions of the Certificates will be construed on the basis 
that in respect of each separate type of Underlying Reference, the relevant terms applicable to each 
such separate type of Underlying Reference will apply, as the context admits, separately and 
independently in respect of the relevant type of Underlying Reference, except as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. "Hybrid Business Day" has the meaning given to such term in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 716 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 716 - 
The Certificates are, to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, Fixed Rate Certificates, 
Floating Rate Certificates or Certificates with interest linked to one or more underlying reference 
assets or bases ("Underlying Reference(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms such as Index 
Linked Interest Certificates, Share Linked Interest Certificates, Debt Linked Interest Certificates, 
Commodity Linked Interest Certificates, Inflation Linked Interest Certificates, Currency Interest 
Linked Certificates, Fund Linked Interest Certificates, Underlying Interest Rate Linked Interest 
Certificates, Credit Linked Interest Certificates, ETI Linked Interest Certificates, Dual Currency 
Linked Interest Certificates or any combination thereof. The Certificates may be Index Linked 
Redemption Certificates, Share Linked Redemption Certificates, Debt Linked Redemption 
Certificates, Commodity Linked Redemption Certificates, Inflation Linked Redemption Certificates, 
Currency Linked Redemption Certificates, Fund Linked Redemption Certificates, Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Redemption Certificates, Credit Linked Redemption Certificates, ETI Linked 
Redemption Certificates, Dual Currency Redemption Certificates or any combination thereof. 
Certificates related to a specified commodity or commodity index or basket of commodities or 
commodity indices, a specified inflation index or basket of inflation indices, specified currency or 
basket of currencies, a specified fund share or unit or basket of fund shares or units, the credit of a 
specified reference entity or reference entities, a specified interest rate or basket of interest rates, 
specified exchange traded instruments or Hybrid Certificates related to any of these asset classes, 
may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, exercised, settled, transferred or 
delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, by or for the account or benefit of, persons 
that are U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or that are not Non-United States Persons as defined in Rule 4.7 
under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether settlement shall be by way of cash payment ("Cash 
Settled Certificates") or physical delivery ("Physical Delivery Certificates"). If Averaging is 
specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will state, amongst 
other details, the relevant Averaging Dates.  
References in these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, to Cash Settled 
Certificates shall be deemed to include references to (i) Physical Delivery Certificates, which include 
an option (as set out in the applicable Final Terms) at the Issuer's election to request cash settlement 
of such Certificate pursuant to Condition 6(b)(ii) and where settlement is to be by way of cash 
payment, and (ii) Physical Delivery Certificates where settlement is to be automatically varied to be 
by way of a cash payment pursuant to Condition 6(b)(ii)). References in these Terms and Conditions, 
unless the context otherwise requires, to Physical Delivery Certificates shall be deemed to include 
references to Cash Settled Certificates which include an option (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms) at the Issuer's election to request physical delivery of the relevant underlying asset in 
settlement of such Certificate pursuant to Condition 6(b)(ii) and where settlement is to be by way of 
physical delivery. 
Certificates may, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, allow Certificateholders to elect for 
settlement by way of cash payment or by way of physical delivery or by way of a combination of 
cash payment and physical delivery. Those Certificates where the relevant Certificateholder has 
elected for cash payment will be Cash Settled Certificates and those Certificates where the relevant 
Certificateholder has elected for physical delivery will be Physical Delivery Certificates. The rights 
of a Certificateholder as described in this paragraph will be subject to the Issuer's right to vary 
settlement and will be subject to the Issuer's right to substitute assets or pay the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount (as defined below) in lieu of physical delivery in accordance with Condition 
6(b)(iii).

--- Page 717 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 717 - 
(b)
Title to Certificates
In the case of Certificates represented by a Clearing System Global Certificate held by a Common 
Depository on behalf of a relevant Clearing System, each person who is for the time being shown in 
the records of the relevant Clearing System as the holder of a particular amount of such Certificates 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by the relevant Clearing System as to the 
amount of Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Guarantor, 
if any, and the relevant Warrant and Certificate Agent as the Certificateholder of such amount of 
Certificates for all purposes (and the expressions "Certificateholder" and "Holder of Certificates" 
and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
(c)
Title to Registered Certificates 
For so long as the Certificates are represented by a Registered Global Certificate held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case 
may be, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, as the 
holder of a particular amount of such Certificates (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the 
case may be, as to the amount of Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) (each a 
"Certificateholder") shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Trustee and any 
Warrant and Certificate Agent as the holder of such amount of such Certificates for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of cash settlement amounts and/or interest with respect to 
such Certificates for which purpose the registered holder (as shown in the register kept at the 
principal office of the Registrar (the "Register"), provided that, for these and for all other purposes 
hereunder and notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, in the event of any differences between 
the information contained in the Register and that contained in the Issuer Register (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement), the Issuer Register shall prevail) of the relevant Registered Global Certificate 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Trustee and any Warrant and Certificate 
Agents as the holder of such amount of such Certificates in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant Registered Global Certificate. 
Without limitation to the foregoing, in determining whether a particular person is entitled to a 
particular amount of Certificates as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or 
information and/or certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, 
such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
In the case of definitive Registered Certificates, the Issuer shall cause to be kept at the principal 
office of the Registrar, a Register on which shall be entered the names and addresses of all 
Certificateholders, the amount and type of the Certificates held by each Certificateholder and details 
of all transfers of the Certificates. Each person who is for the time being shown in the Register as 
the holder of a particular amount of Certificates (each a "Certificateholder") shall (except as 
otherwise required by law) be treated as the absolute owner of such amount of Certificates for all 
purposes (regardless of any notice of ownership, trust, or any interest in it, any writing on it, or its 
theft or loss) and no person will be liable for so treating such person. 
(d) 
Transfers of Interests in Global Certificates
Subject as set forth in this Condition, all transactions (including permitted transfers of Certificates) 
in the open market or otherwise must be effected, in the case of Clearing System Certificates, subject

--- Page 718 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 718 - 
to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the relevant Clearing 
System(s). Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of the relevant Clearing 
System. 
Any reference herein to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar, the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and the Warrant and Certificate Agent from time to time 
and notified to the relevant Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19. 
(A)
Transfers of Clearing System Certificates 
Transfers of Certificates to a person who takes delivery in the form of Certificates 
represented by a Global Certificate may be made only in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(i)
(a) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of 
Certificates represented by a Global Certificate, from a Holder of Certificates 
represented by a Global Certificate, to a non-U.S. person in an offshore 
transaction pursuant to Regulation S; and 
(b) 
in each case, in accordance with any applicable rules and regulations of the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, the relevant Clearing System. 
(ii)
The Certificateholder must send a free of payment instruction to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case 
may be, not later than 10.00 a.m. local time in the city of the relevant Clearing 
System, one Business Day in the city of the relevant Clearing System prior to the 
date on which the transfer is to take effect. 
Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the transferor and 
the transferee. 
(iii)
On the transfer date: 
(a) 
the relevant Clearing System will debit the account of its participant; and 
(b) 
the relevant Clearing System or the Certificateholder, as the case may be, 
will instruct the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent to instruct 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System, as the case may be, to credit the relevant account of the 
relevant Clearing System participant. 
Upon any such transfers, on the transfer date the Principal Warrant and Certificate 
Agent, will increase or decrease, if appropriate, the number of Certificates 
represented by the relevant Global Certificate, whereupon the number of 
Certificates represented by such Global Certificate shall be increased or decreased, 
if appropriate, for all purposes by the number so transferred and endorsed. 
(B)
Transfers of Registered Global Certificates 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Certificates will be effected by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the 
case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in 
such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such

--- Page 719 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 719 - 
interests. Title will pass upon registration of the transfer in the books of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be. 
(e)
Transfers of interests in definitive Registered Certificates 
Title to definitive Registered Certificates will pass upon the registration of transfers in accordance 
with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. A definitive Registered Certificate may be transferred 
by the transferor or a person duly authorised on behalf of the transferor depositing at the specified 
office of the Registrar a duly completed transfer certificate (a "Transfer Certificate") in the form 
set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which are available from the Registrar) signed by or on 
behalf of the transferor and upon the Registrar after due and careful enquiry being satisfied with the 
documents of title and the identity of the person making the request and subject to the regulations 
set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency Agreement, the Registrar should enter the name of the transferee 
in the Register for the definitive Registered Certificates as the Certificateholder of the Registered 
Certificate specified in the form of transfer.  
Certificateholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum determined by the 
Calculation Agent sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be 
imposed in relation to the registration or exchange in the jurisdiction of the Issuer or in any other 
jurisdiction where the Registrar's specified office is located. 
Registered Certificates and interests therein may not be transferred at any time, directly or indirectly, 
in the United States or to or for the benefit of a U.S. person, and any such transfer shall not be 
recognised. 
(f)
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption  
In the event of a partial redemption of Certificates under Condition 8 (Redemption, Purchases and 
Cancellation), the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Certificate, 
or part of a Registered Certificate, called for partial redemption. 
2. 
Status of the Certificates; Guaranteed Certificates  
(a)
Status of the Certificates  
The Certificates are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, ranking pari passu without 
any preference among themselves which are secured in the manner described in Condition 9 
(Compartment Assets) and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in 
Condition 9 (Compartment Assets). 
Unless Waiver of Set-Off is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no 
Certificateholder may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, 
claim, or liability the Issuer (or, the Guarantor) has or may have or acquire against such holder, 
directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, 
claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of 
any sort or any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to such Certificate) 
and each such holder shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 2(a) is intended to provide or shall be construed 
as acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim 
or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Certificate but for this Condition 
2(a).

--- Page 720 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 720 - 
For the purposes of this Condition 2(a), "Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of or 
claims of any Certificateholder for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or 
counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such Certificate. 
(b)
Guaranteed Certificates
If the Certificates are "Guaranteed Certificates" as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set out therein and in the relevant provisions of the Trust 
Deed applicable to such Certificates, the payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of such 
Guaranteed Certificates will have the benefit of a guarantee (the "Guarantee") in favour of the 
Trustee (for itself, and as trustee for holders of such Guaranteed Certificates) made by BNP Paribas 
(in such capacity, the "Guarantor"). 
The obligations of BNP Paribas as Guarantor under any Guarantee are senior preferred (within the 
meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and unsecured 
obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu with all its other present and future senior 
preferred and unsecured obligations, subject to such exceptions as may from time to time be 
mandatory under French law. 
(c) 
Subrogation of the Guarantor 
Under the Guarantee, the Guarantor will be subrogated to any rights of the holders of the Guaranteed 
Certificates and the Trustee against the Issuer to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and 
to the extent of such payment in respect of amounts due in respect of the Certificates which have 
been paid by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
3. 
Restrictions  
(a)
The Issuer has covenanted in the Trust Deed that, inter alia, so long as any of the Certificates remains 
outstanding, it will not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee:
(i) 
engage in any activity or do anything whatsoever, except: 
(A) 
issue instruments which are subject to the Securitisation Act 2004 and the 
enforcement and limited recourse provisions of the Trust Deed or any other 
relevant agreement ("Permitted Instruments", provided that such term shall 
include, without limitation, Related Agreements, notes, warrants, Certificates 
Further Certificates and Related Certificates (each as defined below));  
(B) 
otherwise incur indebtedness (any such indebtedness, "Permitted Indebtedness") 
in respect of moneys borrowed or raised where such indebtedness is incurred on 
terms that it is subject to, and in compliance with, the Securitisation Act 2004 
and/or is secured on assets or other property which are not part of the Charged 
Assets and on terms which provide for the extinguishment of all claims in respect 
of such indebtedness after application of the proceeds of the assets or property on 
which such indebtedness is secured; 
(C) 
enter into any deed or agreement of any kind related to any Permitted Instrument 
or Permitted Indebtedness, but provided always other than in the case of any 
Related Certificates that any such deed or agreement is entered into on terms that 
the obligations of the Issuer thereunder relate to a compartment of specified assets 
of the Issuer (other than its share capital) which does not form part of the Charged 
Assets and on terms which provide for extinguishment of all claims in respect of 
such obligations after application of the assets on which such indebtedness is 
secured;

--- Page 721 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 721 - 
(D) 
acquire, or enter into any agreement constituting, the collateral in respect of any 
Permitted Instrument or the assets securing any Permitted Indebtedness to enable 
it to discharge its obligations under such Permitted Instrument or Permitted 
Indebtedness; 
(E) 
perform its obligations under each Permitted Instrument or Permitted 
Indebtedness, or any deed or agreement incidental to the issue and constitution of, 
or the granting of security for, any Permitted Instrument or Permitted 
Indebtedness; 
(F) 
enforce any of its rights whether under any deed or agreement entered into in 
relation to any Permitted Instrument or Permitted Indebtedness; 
(G) 
perform any act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above; or 
(H) 
as permitted by the Conditions; 
(ii) 
have any subsidiaries;
(iii) 
have any employees;
(iv) 
dispose of any of its property or other assets or any part thereof or interest therein (subject 
(A) to this subparagraph (a) and (B) as provided in the terms and conditions relating to any 
Permitted Instrument or the terms and conditions relating to any Permitted Indebtedness); 
(v) 
issue any further fungible Certificates or Related Certificates unless the trustee and/or 
guarantor thereof is the same person as, respectively, the Trustee and/or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor for the Certificates; 
(vi) 
pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its members other than in respect of any 
shares issued by SecurAsset S.A. acting through a compartment where such dividend or 
other distribution is funded solely from the profits of such compartment in accordance with 
the articles of association of the Issuer;
(vii) 
guarantee or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or hold out its credit as 
being available to satisfy the obligations of others; 
(viii) 
pledge its assets for the benefit of any other entity or make any loans or advances to any 
entity (other than in connection with or in respect of Permitted Instruments and Permitted 
Indebtedness); or
(ix) 
consolidate or merge with any other person.
(b)
The Issuer has covenanted in the Trust Deed that, inter alia, save with the prior written consent of 
the Trustee, the Issuer shall, so long as any of the Certificates remains outstanding:
(i)  
maintain proper books and records, accounts and financial statements for each 
Compartment and for the Issuer; 
(ii)  
hold itself out as a separate entity, conduct its business in its own name and maintain an 
arm's length relationship with its affiliates (if any); 
(iii) 
notify the Trustee in writing immediately on becoming aware of the occurrence of any 
Event of Default or Potential Event of Default or the proposed mandatory redemption of 
any Certificate;

--- Page 722 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 722 - 
(iv)  
provide the Trustee with certain certificates within specified timeframes that no Event of 
Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred since the Certification Date of the last 
certificate or the date of the Trust Deed, or, if such an event has occurred, giving details of 
it;
(v) 
for each Series send to the Trustee at least 48 hours (if practicable) before it is to be issued 
the form of each notice to be given to the Certificateholders and, once given, two copies of 
each such notice;
(vi) 
forthwith upon request by the Trustee give notice to the Certificateholders of any Series of 
any unconditional payment to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Trustee of 
any sum due in respect of the Certificates of such Series made after the due date for such 
payment;
(vii) 
in relation to each Series:
(A) 
comply and procure that each of the parties thereto complies with its obligations 
under the Agency Agreement, any Swap Agreement, any Deposit Agreement or 
any Repurchase Agreement; and
(B) 
procure that any Swap Counterparty gives the Trustee notice of any substitution of 
the Compartment Assets with substitute securities or cash substitute in accordance 
with the terms of Condition 9(f) (Compartment Assets substitution by Swap 
Counterparty);
(viii) 
not commingle its assets with those of any other entity; and 
(ix)  
observe all formalities required by its memorandum and articles of association (including 
maintaining adequate capital for its operations).  
4. 
Interest 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Certificates
Each Fixed Rate Certificate bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) specified per annum (or otherwise) equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will accrue in 
respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall in these Terms and Conditions mean the 
period from (and including) an Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each such latter date the 
"Interest Period End Final Date" for the relevant Interest Period)).  Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Redemption Date.  If 
an Interest Payment Date falls after the Interest Period End Final Date in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period, no additional interest or other amount shall be payable as a result of such interest 
being payable on such later date.  If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as applying to an Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business

--- Page 723 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 723 - 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day. 
If no Business Day Convention is specified as applicable to an Interest Period End Date in the 
applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of 
the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Final Date in respect of such 
Interest Period, will amount to the Fixed Interest Amount. 
Interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: (1) in the case of Fixed Rate 
Certificates which are represented by a Global Certificate, the aggregate outstanding Notional 
Amount of the Fixed Rate Certificates represented by such Global Certificate; or (2) in the case of 
Fixed Rate Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, and, if a Day Count Fraction is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention; or in the case of Dual Currency Linked Interest Certificates, converting the resulting 
figure into the Settlement Currency as provided in Condition 4(m) below. 
"sub-unit" means with respect to any currency other than euro the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one 
cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Certificates
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Certificate pays interest in respect of each Interest Period (which 
expression shall in these Terms and Conditions mean the period from (and including) an 
Interest Period End Date (or if none the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Period End Date (each such latter date the "Interest Period End Final 
Date" for the relevant Interest Period)).  For the purposes of this Condition 4(b), "Interest 
Period End Date" shall mean either: 
(A) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Period End Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Redemption Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after an Interest Period 
End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other 
amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an 
Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest

--- Page 724 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 724 - 
Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, (I)) in the case of (x) above, shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (2) below 
shall apply mutatis mutandis or (II) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (aa) such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (bb) each subsequent Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date 
or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day (other than Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in any Additional 
Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than euro 
or CNY, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Settlement Currency (any such centre, an "Additional Business Centre" 
and which, if the Settlement Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day (a "TARGET Settlement Day") on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer ("TARGET2") payment 
system which utilises a single platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007 (or, if such system ceases to be operative, such system (if any) determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be a suitable replacement) (the "TARGET System") is 
open or (iii) for the purposes of making payments in CNY, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the CNY Settlement Centre(s).

--- Page 725 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 725 - 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Certificates will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Rate 
of Interest is to be determined (the "Interest Determination Date"), determine the Rate of 
Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period. The Calculation Agent will notify 
the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same.  
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Certificates for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Certificates which are represented by a Global 
Certificate, the aggregate outstanding Notional Amount of the Certificates 
represented by such Global Certificate; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction (if any) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (as defined 
above) of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market convention and, in the case 
of Dual Currency Linked Interest Certificates, converting the resulting figure into the 
Settlement Currency as provided in Condition 4(m) below.   
"Day Count Fraction" means in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any 
Interest Period, Premium Amount Period or AER Calculation Period (each a "Calculation 
Period"): 
(A) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Certificates where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Period End Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment 
date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such 
Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Certificates where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided 
by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as specified

--- Page 726 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 726 - 
in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
(B) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (1) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (2) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(C) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(D) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year, 366; 
(E) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(F) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =   
where: 
"Y1" is the year expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number is 31 in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day expressed as a number immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(G) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
 x (Y




Y

--- Page 727 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 727 - 
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31 in which case D1, will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(H) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Redemption Date or (ii) such number would be 31 in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(I) 
if "1/1" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction shall be 
equal to 1. 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
360
[(
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
xY





360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y





360 x (Y

--- Page 728 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 728 - 
"Determination Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date  to 
but excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the Interest Period End Date is not a Determination Date, the period 
commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination 
Date falling after, such date); 
"Reference Rate Fallback Event" means, in relation to any Screen Page Reference Rate or 
AER Reference Rate, as applicable, any of the following, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent:  
(i) 
the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, ceasing to 
exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least six (6) consecutive Business 
Days or having been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information (provided that, at 
the time of any such event, there is no successor administrator that will provide the 
Screen Page Reference Rate) by or on behalf of (i) the administrator of the Screen 
Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, or (ii) the supervisor, 
insolvency official, resolution authority, central bank or competent court having 
jurisdiction over such administrator stating that (x) the administrator has ceased or 
will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide the Screen Page Reference Rate 
or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, (y) the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER 
Reference Rate, as applicable, has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, or (z) the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as 
applicable, has been or will be prohibited from being used or that its use has been 
or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally, or in 
respect of the Certificates, provided that, if such public statement or publication 
mentions that the event or circumstance referred to in (x), (y) or (z) above will 
occur on a date falling later than three (3) months after the relevant public statement 
or publication, the Reference Rate Fallback Event shall be deemed to occur on the 
date falling three (3) months prior to such specified date (and not the date of the 
relevant public statement); 
(iii) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date (as applicable), become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining 
the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Certificateholder using the Screen Page 
Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable (including, without 
limitation, under BMR, if applicable); or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information that any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Screen Page Reference 
Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, or the administrator of the Screen Page 
Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, has not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the 
effect that the use of the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as 
applicable, is not or will not be permitted under any applicable law or regulation, 
such that the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining the 
Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, as applicable, is unable to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Certificates.

--- Page 729 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 729 - 
A change in the methodology of the Screen Page Reference Rate or AER Reference Rate, 
as applicable, shall not, absent the occurrence of one of the above, be deemed a Reference 
Rate Fallback Event. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final Terms specifies that the relevant 
Day Count Fraction is "unadjusted", the Calculation Period and the Interest Amount 
payable on any date shall not, unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, be 
affected by the application of any Business Day Convention. 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on 
the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms), the FBF Rate (where FBF Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however 
that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
"Designated Maturity" means (i) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate or (ii) in relation to FBF Determination, the period of 
time specified in the relevant FBF Rate. 
(c) 
Interest on Linked Interest Certificates 
(i) 
Interest Period End Dates and Interest Payment Dates
Each Index Linked Interest Certificate, Share Linked Interest Certificate, Debt Linked 
Interest Certificate, Commodity Linked Interest Certificate, Inflation Linked Interest 
Certificate, Currency Linked Interest Certificate, Fund Linked Interest Certificate, 
Underlying Interest Rate Linked Interest Certificate, Credit Linked Interest Certificate, ETI 
Linked Interest Certificate and Hybrid Certificate (together, the "Linked Interest 
Certificates") pays interest in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall in 
these Terms and Conditions mean the period from (and including) an Interest Period End 
Date (or if none the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Period End Date (each such latter date the "Interest Period End Final Date" for 
the relevant Interest Period)).  For the purposes of this Condition 4(c), "Interest Period End 
Date" shall mean either: 
(A) 
the specified Interest Period End Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Interest Period End Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Period End Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Period End Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.

--- Page 730 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 730 - 
Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Redemption Date.  If an Interest Payment Date falls after an Interest Period 
End Final Date in respect of the relevant Interest Period, no additional interest or other 
amount shall be payable as a result of such interest being payable on such later date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an 
Interest Period End Date or an Interest Payment Date and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day on the calendar month in which an Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, should occur or (y) if any Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
4(c)(i)(A) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, (I)) in the case of (x) above, shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (2) below 
shall apply mutatis mutandis or (II) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (aa) such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (bb) each subsequent Interest Period End Date or 
Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be the last Business Day in the 
month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest 
Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date 
or Interest Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such Interest Period End Date or Interest Payment Date, as the case 
may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Period End Date or Interest 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Linked Interest Certificates will 
be the Coupon Rate determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms which 
Coupon Rate may comprise one or more Additional Coupons determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount
The Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each 
date on which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (the "Interest Determination Date"), 
determine the Rate of Interest (subject to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest 
Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 731 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 731 - 
The Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the 
"Interest Amount") payable on the Certificates for the relevant Interest Period by applying 
the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Certificates which are represented by a Global 
Certificate, the aggregate outstanding Notional Amount of the Certificates 
represented by such Global Certificate; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Certificates in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the Day Count Fraction (if any) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit (as defined 
above) of the relevant Specified Currency, one half of such a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market convention and, in the case 
of Dual Currency Linked Interest Certificates, converting the resulting figure into the 
Settlement Currency as provided in Condition 4(m) below.   
(d) 
ISDA, FBF and Screen Rate Determination 
(i)
ISDA Determination
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below))  for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Certificates (the "ISDA Definitions") 
and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (x) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based 
on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") (or, in the event that 
EURIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as the 
financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for 
EURIBOR ) the first day of that Interest Period or (y) in any other case, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms as greater than zero, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
FBF Determination
Where so specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest will be payable on such dates, at 
such a rate (the "FBF Rate") and in such amounts, plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as would have been payable (regardless of any

--- Page 732 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 732 - 
event of default or termination event thereunder) by the Issuer if it had entered into an 
interest rate swap transaction governed by an agreement in the form of the Master 
Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments (an "FBF 
Agreement"), as in effect on the date of issue of the Certificates, published by the 
Fédération Bancaire Française and evidenced by a Confirmation (as defined in the FBF 
Agreement) with the holder of the relevant Certificate under which: 
(A) 
the Issuer was the Floating Amount Payer; 
(B) 
the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent (as defined herein) was the Agent (as 
defined in the FBF Agreement) or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(C) 
the Interest Commencement Date was the Transaction Date; 
(D) 
the Notional Amount in respect of a Certificate was the Notional Amount (as 
defined in the FBF Agreement); 
(E) 
the Interest Payment Dates were the Floating Amount Payment Dates; and 
(F) 
all other terms were as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
When the preceding sentence applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Payment Date: 
(1) 
the amount of interest determined for such Interest Payment Date will be the 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period for the purposes of these Terms 
and Conditions as though determined under sub-paragraph (iii) below; 
(2) 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period will be the Floating Rate (as defined in 
the FBF Agreement) determined by the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent in 
accordance with the preceding sentence; and 
(3) 
the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent will be deemed to have discharged its 
obligations under subparagraph (iii) below if it has determined the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amount payable on such Interest Payment Date in the manner 
provided in the preceding sentence. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination
(A) 
EURIBOR or STIBOR 
 
(1) 
Where "Screen Rate Determination - IBOR" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(I) 
the offered quotation; or 
(II) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the reference rate(s) (the "Reference 
Rate(s)") which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at the 
Specified Time indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m. 
Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR)

--- Page 733 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 733 - 
(the "Screen Page Reference Rate") on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(2) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of (1)(I) above, no such 
offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information), or, in the case of (1)(II) above, 
fewer than three such offered quotations appear, on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
such replacement page on that service which displays the information), in each case 
as at the Specified Time, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being 
rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.   
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic 
mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.001, with 0.0005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the inter-
bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) as determined by 
the Calculation Agent.  
If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with 
offered rates, the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR (or, as the case may be, the quotations of such 
bank or banks to the Calculation Agent) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
If the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (iii), the Rate of Interest 
or Rate, as the case may be, shall be equal to the last Reference Rate available on

--- Page 734 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 734 - 
the Relevant Screen Page plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, except that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the absence of the quotation is due to the discontinuation of the 
Screen Page Reference Rate, then the Reference Rate will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 4(d)(iv) below.   
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
in each case selected by the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and approved 
in writing by the Trustee, or as specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
"Relevant Screen Page" means the relevant screen page specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(B) 
SONIA 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, such 
Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be 
calculated in accordance with Condition 4(d)(iii)(B)(1) or 4(d)(iii)(B)(2) below, 
subject to the provisions of Condition 4(d)(iii)(B)(4). 
(1) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Compounded Daily", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case 
may be, for each Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily SONIA 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(2) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being "Weighted Average", the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case may 
be, for each Interest Period will be the Weighted Average SONIA plus or 
minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, as applicable, on the Interest 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage being rounded (if 
necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(3) 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this Condition 
4(d)(iii)(B): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in Sterling (with 
the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula: 
(x) 
if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
[∏
(1 +
ୗ୓୒୍୅౟ష౦ైాీ×୬౟
ଷ଺ହ
) −1] ×
ଷ଺ହ
ୢ
ୢ౥
୧ୀଵ
; 
(y) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms:

--- Page 735 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 735 - 
[∏
(1 +
ୗ୓୒୍୅౟×୬౟
ଷ଺ହ
) −1] ×
ଷ଺ହ
ୢ
ୢ౥
୧ୀଵ
; or 
(z) 
if "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms: 
ቀ
ୗ୓୒୍୅୍୬ୢୣ୶ూ౟౤౗ౢ
ୗ୓୒୍୅୍୬ୢୣ୶౅౤౟౪౟౗ౢ−1ቁ×
ଷ଺ହ
ୢ, 
where, in each case, the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"d" means the number of calendar days (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
relevant Interest Period, (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period or (z) if "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, from (and including) the day in 
relation to which SONIA IndexInitial is determined to (but excluding) the 
day in relation to which SONIA IndexFinal is determined; 
"do" means, (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
number of London Business Days in such Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" 
is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of an Observation Lookback Period, the number of London 
Business Days in such Observation Lookback Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first London Business Day (x) if "Lag" or "Lock-out" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, in the relevant Observation 
Lookback Period; 
"Lock-out Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the day following the Interest Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest 
Period; 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest Period where 
"Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of London Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five London 
Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of a London Business Day i, the number of calendar 
days from (and including) such London Business Day i up to (but 
excluding) the following London Business Day;

--- Page 736 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 736 - 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from (and including) the date falling p London Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on (but 
excluding) the date which is p London Business Days prior to the Interest 
Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
"Reference Day" means each London Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period that is not a London Business Day falling in the Lock-out 
Period;  
"SONIA i" means, in respect of a London Business Day i: 
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the SONIA Rate in respect of such relevant London 
Business Day i;  
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
in respect of any London Business Day i that is a 
Reference Day, the SONIA Rate in respect of the London 
Business Day immediately preceding such Reference 
Day; otherwise 
(2) 
the SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day 
immediately preceding the Interest Determination Date 
for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(z) 
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the SONIA Rate for such London Business Day i; 
"SONIA Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date by reference to the screen 
rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates administered by the administrator 
of the SONIA reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or 
other information service from time to time on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"SONIA IndexFinal" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA Index 
determined in relation to the day falling p London Business Days prior to the 
Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period;  
"SONIA IndexInitial" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the SONIA Index 
determined in relation to the day falling p London Business Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period; 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means:  
(x) 
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of the 
London Business Day falling p London Business Days prior to such 
London Business Day i ; or 
(y) 
if "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of a London Business Day i, SONIA i in respect of 
such London Business Day i.

--- Page 737 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 737 - 
"SONIA Rate" means, in respect of any London Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average rate for such London Business 
Day, as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors) on the London 
Business Day immediately following such London Business Day; and 
"Weighted Average SONIA" means: 
(x)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day during 
the relevant Observation Lookback Period divided by the number of 
calendar days during such Observation Lookback Period. For these 
purposes, the SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a 
London Business Day shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate in respect of 
the London Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; or 
(y)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the sum of the SONIA Rate in respect of each calendar day 
during the relevant Interest Period divided by the number of calendar days 
in the relevant Interest Period, provided that, for any calendar day of such 
Interest Period falling in the Lock-out Period for the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA Rate for such calendar day will be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these purposes, the 
SONIA Rate in respect of any calendar day which is not a London 
Business Day shall, subject to the preceding proviso, be deemed to be the 
SONIA Rate in respect of the London Business Day immediately 
preceding such calendar day. 
(C) 
SONIA Fallbacks 
(x) 
If "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
If, in respect of any London Business Day, the SONIA Rate is not available on the 
Relevant Screen Page (and has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), such SONIA Rate shall be: 
I. 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at the 
close of business on the relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
arithmetic mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days  on which SONIA has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one 
lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
II. 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Rate published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the immediately preceding London Business Day on 
which the SONIA Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors), and 
such rate shall be deemed to be the SONIA Rate for such London Business Day.

--- Page 738 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 738 - 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is 
to replace the SONIA Rate, the Calculation Agent shall follow such guidance to 
determine the SONIA Rate for so long as the SONIA Rate is not available or has 
not been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions in respect of an Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, shall be (i) that determined as at the 
immediately preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest 
and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place 
of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the immediately preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest or Rate, as applicable, 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Certificates for the first Interest 
Period had the Certificates been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (subject to the application of the relevant Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Period). 
(y)
If "SONIA Index with Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
If the relevant SONIA Index is not published or displayed by the administrator of 
the SONIA reference rate or other information service by 5.00 p.m. (London time) 
(or, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for 
publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures 
of the administrator of the SONIA reference rate or of such other information 
service, as the case may be) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Compounded Daily SONIA for the applicable Interest Period for which the SONIA 
Index is not available shall be "Compounded Daily SONIA" determined in 
accordance with Condition 4(d)(iii)(B) where (i) the "Observation Method" will be 
deemed to be "Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Lookback Period" will be deemed 
to be equal to p London Banking Days, as if those alternative elections had been 
made in the applicable Final Terms. 
(D) 
SOFR 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which a Rate of Interest or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or 
Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be calculated in accordance with 
Condition 4(d)(iii)(C)I. or 4(d)(iii)(C)II. below, subject to the provisions of Condition 
4(d)(iii)(C)IV. 
I.  
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "SOFR Arithmetic Mean", the Rate of Interest or 
Rate, as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the SOFR 
Arithmetic Mean plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date

--- Page 739 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 739 - 
and the resulting percentage being rounded (if necessary) to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
II. 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "SOFR Compound", the Rate of Interest or Rate, 
as the case may be, for each Interest Period will be the 
Compounded Daily SOFR on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
III. 
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 4(d)(iii)(C): 
"Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page" means the Bloomberg 
screen designated "SOFRRATE" or any successor page or 
service; 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for each calendar day 
during the Interest Period, compounded daily, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(a) 
if "SOFR Compound with Lookback" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 +
ୗ୓୊ୖ౟ష౦౑౏ాీ × ୬౟
ଷ଺଴
ቁ−1
ୢబ
୧ୀଵ
ቃ×
ଷ଺଴
ୢ
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, 5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days;  
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, means the number of calendar days from 
(and including) such U.S. Government Securities

--- Page 740 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 740 - 
Business Dayi up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; and 
"SOFRi-pUSBD" means, in respect of a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, SOFRi in respect of the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day falling the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days equal to 
the Lookback Period prior to such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi ("pUSBD"), provided that, 
unless SOFR Cut-Off Date is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, SOFRi in respect of each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi in the period 
from (and including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the next occurring Interest Period End Date, 
will be SOFRi in respect of the SOFR Cut-Off Date for 
such Interest Period; 
(b) 
if "SOFR Compound with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
ቈෑ
൬1 + SOFR୧ × n୧
360
൰−1
ୢబ
୧ୀଵ
቉ × 360
d
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
Where: 
"d" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Dayi, the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such U.S. Government Securities Business 
Dayi up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling 
the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) 
the date that is the number Observation Shift Days prior 
to the next occurring Interest Period End Date in such 
Interest Period;

--- Page 741 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 741 - 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is specified, 
5 U.S. Government Securities Business Days; and 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Dayi, the SOFR in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Dayi; 
(c) 
if "SOFR Index with Observation Shift" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
൬ܱܵܨܴܫ݊݀݁ݔி௜௡௔௟
ܱܵܨܴܫ݊݀݁ݔூ௡௜௧௜௔௟
−1൰ × 360
݀௖
Where: 
"dc" means, in respect of each Interest Period, the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such number is 
specified, two U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days; 
"SOFR Index" means with respect to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, (i) the SOFR 
Index value as published by the NY Federal Reserve as 
such index appears on the NY Federal Reserve's Website 
at the SOFR Determination Time; or (ii) if the SOFR 
Index specified in (i) above does not so appear, unless 
both a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the SOFR Index as 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the 
SOFR Index was published on the NY Federal Reserve's 
Website;  
"SOFR IndexFinal" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the 
next occurring Interest Period End Date in such Interest 
Period; and 
"SOFR IndexInitial" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the value of the SOFR Index on the date falling 
the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period (or, in the case of the first 
Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date); 
"NY Federal Reserve" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York;

--- Page 742 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 742 - 
"NY Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of the NY 
Federal Reserve, currently at www.newyorkfed.org, or any 
successor website of the NY Federal Reserve or the website of 
any successor administrator of SOFR; 
"Reuters Page USDSOFR=" means the Reuters page designated 
"USDSOFR=" or any successor page or service; 
"SOFR" means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(a) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate in respect of such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day that appears at 
approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) (the 
"SOFR Determination Time") on the NY Federal 
Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, as such rate is reported on the Bloomberg 
Screen SOFRRATE Page for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day or, if no such rate is reported on 
the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page, then the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate that is reported on the 
Reuters Page USDSOFR= or, if no such rate is reported 
on the Reuters Page USDSOFR=, then the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate that appears at approximately 
3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the NY Federal 
Reserve's Website on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day (the "SOFR Screen Page"); or 
(b) 
if the rate specified in (a) above does not so appear and 
the Calculation Agent determines that a  SOFR 
Transition Event has not occurred, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published on the NY Federal Reserve's 
Website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate was published on the NY Federal 
Reserve's Website; 
"SOFR Arithmetic Mean" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the arithmetic mean of the SOFR for each calendar day 
during such Interest Period, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that, the SOFR in respect of each calendar day 
during the period from (and including) the SOFR Cut-Off Date to 
(but excluding) the next occurring Interest Period End Date will 
be the SOFR on the SOFR Cut-Off Date. For these purposes, the 
SOFR in respect of any calendar day which is not a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day shall, subject to the 
preceding proviso, be deemed to be the SOFR in respect of the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding 
such calendar day;  
"SOFR Cut-Off Date" means, unless specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
fourth U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the next

--- Page 743 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 743 - 
occurring Interest Period End Date in such Interest Period (or such 
other number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms); and  
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association ("SIFMA") 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs I. to III. above, if the Calculation 
Agent determines on or prior to the SOFR Determination Time, 
that a SOFR Transition Event and its related SOFR Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the relevant SOFR Benchmark 
(as defined below), then the provisions set forth in Condition 
4(d)(iii)(C)IV. (SOFR Replacement Provisions) below will apply 
to all determinations of the Rate of Interest or Rate, as the case 
may be, for each Interest Period thereafter. 
IV. 
SOFR Replacement Provisions 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the SOFR 
Determination Time on any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day that a SOFR Transition Event and the related SOFR 
Replacement Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent will 
appoint an agent (the "Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent") which will determine the SOFR Replacement. The 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading 
bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial 
centre of the Settlement Currency as appointed by the Calculation 
Agent, (y) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), (z) an 
affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the 
Calculation Agent or (zz) such other entity that the Calculation 
Agent determines to be competent to carry out such role.  
In connection with the determination of the SOFR Replacement, 
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine 
appropriate SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Calculation Agent or Replacement Rate Determination Agent (as 
the case may be) pursuant to these provisions, will (in the absence 
of manifest error) be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Principal Security Agent and the 
Certificateholders.  
Following the designation of a SOFR Replacement, the 
Calculation Agent may subsequently determine that a SOFR 
Transition Event and a related SOFR Replacement Date have 
occurred in respect of such SOFR Replacement, provided that the 
SOFR Benchmark has already been substituted by the SOFR 
Replacement and any SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes 
in connection with such substitution have been applied. In such

--- Page 744 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 744 - 
circumstances, the SOFR Replacement shall be deemed to be the 
SOFR Benchmark and all relevant definitions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In connection with the SOFR Replacement provisions above, the 
following definitions shall apply:  
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended, updated 
or supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Securities of such Series; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of 
Securities, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Securities of such Series, as published by ISDA on its 
website (www.isda.org); 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Transition Event with respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of a SOFR Transition Event with 
respect to SOFR for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal Reserve or 
a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the NY Federal 
Reserve or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR Benchmark" means (a) (unless SOFR Compound – 
SOFR Index with Observation Shift is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) SOFR or (b) SOFR Index (each as defined in 
Condition 4(d)(iii)(C)III. above);  
"SOFR Replacement" means any one (or more) of the SOFR 
Replacement Alternatives to be determined by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent as of the SOFR Replacement Date if 
the Calculation Agent determines that a SOFR Transition Event 
and its related SOFR Replacement Date have occurred on or prior 
to the SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination 
of the SOFR Benchmark on any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in accordance with:

--- Page 745 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 745 - 
(a) 
the order of priority specified SOFR Replacement 
Alternatives Priority in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(b) 
if no such order of priority is specified, in accordance 
with the priority set forth below: 
(i) 
Relevant Governmental Body Replacement; 
(ii) 
ISDA Fallback Replacement; and 
(iii) 
Industry Replacement, 
Provided, in each case, that, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent is unable to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the first SOFR Replacement 
Alternative listed, it shall attempt to determine the SOFR 
Replacement in accordance with the each subsequent SOFR 
Replacement Alternative until a SOFR Replacement is 
determined. The SOFR Replacement will replace the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the purpose of determining the relevant 
Rate or Rate of Interest in respect of the relevant Interest Period 
and each subsequent Interest Period, subject to the occurrence of 
a subsequent SOFR Transition Event and related SOFR 
Replacement Date; 
"SOFR Replacement Alternatives" means:  
(a) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as 
the replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement Adjustment (the "Relevant Governmental 
Body Replacement"); 
(b) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
"ISDA 
Fallback 
Replacement"); or 
(c) 
the sum of: (i) the alternative rate that has been selected 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent as the 
replacement for the then-current SOFR Benchmark for 
the relevant Interest Period giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate as a replacement for the then-
current SOFR Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate securities at such time and (ii) the SOFR 
Replacement 
Adjustment 
(the 
"Industry 
Replacement"); 
"SOFR Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative 
set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the applicable 
SOFR Replacement Date:  
(a) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment (which may be a

--- Page 746 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 746 - 
positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
for the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement;  
(b) 
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Spread 
Adjustment; or 
(c) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) determined by the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for 
the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
with the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Replacement for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such 
time; 
"SOFR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect to any SOFR Replacement, any technical, administrative 
or operational changes (including, but not limited to, changes to 
timing and frequency of determining rates with respect to each 
interest period and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention 
and other administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such SOFR Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent determines that adoption of any portion of 
such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that no 
market practice for use of the SOFR Replacement exists, in such 
other manner as the Replacement Rate Determination Agent or 
the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines is 
reasonably necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner); 
"SOFR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in the 
calculation thereof):  
(a) 
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition 
of "SOFR Transition Event" the later of (i) the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component); or  
(b) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"SOFR Transition Event" the date of the public statement 
or publication of information referenced therein; or

--- Page 747 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 747 - 
(c) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (d), the last such consecutive 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which the 
SOFR Benchmark has not been published,  
provided that, in the event of any public statements or 
publications of information as referenced in sub-paragraphs (a) or 
(b) above, should such event or circumstance referred to in such 
a public statement or publication occur on a date falling later than 
three (3) months after the relevant public statement or publication, 
the SOFR Transition Event shall be deemed to occur on the date 
falling three (3) months prior to such specified date (and not the 
date of the relevant public statement or publication). 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the SOFR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
SOFR Determination Time in respect of any determination, the 
SOFR Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the SOFR Determination Time for such determination. 
"SOFR Transition Event" means the occurrence of any one or 
more of the following events with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark (including the daily published component used 
in the calculation thereof): 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or 
such component, if relevant) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant); 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), the central 
bank for the currency of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant), a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
SOFR (or such component, if relevant) or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant), which states that the 
administrator of the SOFR Benchmark (or such 
component, if relevant) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at 
the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if relevant);

--- Page 748 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 748 - 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) announcing 
that the SOFR Benchmark (or such component, if 
relevant) is no longer representative, the SOFR 
Benchmark (or such component, if relevant) has been or 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use has been 
or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Certificates; or 
(d) 
the SOFR Benchmark is not published by its 
administrator (or a successor administrator) for six (6) 
consecutive U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR 
Replacement prior to the application of any SOFR Replacement 
Adjustment. 
(E)
€STR 
I.
Where "Screen Rate Determination – €STR" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest 
or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the 
case may be, for each Interest Period, will be Compounded Daily 
€STR plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
calculated in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(iii)(3)(E)I., 
subject to the provisions of Condition 4(d)(iii)(3)(E)II. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(d)(iii)(3)(E)I., the following 
definitions shall apply: 
"Compounded Daily €STR" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
in euro (with the daily euro short term rate as the reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with 
the following formula 
቎ෑ൬1 + ܴ݈݁݁ݒܽ݊ݐ €ܴܵܶ௜× ݊௜
360
൰−1
ௗ೚
௜ୀଵ
቏× 360
݀
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to 
the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards; 
"d" means the number of calendar days in (x) if "Lag" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Observation Lookback Period;

--- Page 749 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 749 - 
"d0" means the number of TARGET2 Business Days in (x) if 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period or (y) if "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Observation Lookback Period; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day, the 
reference rate equal to the daily euro short term rate (€STR) for 
such TARGET2 Business Day as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the website of the European Central 
Bank at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html, or 
any successor website or the website of any successor 
administrator for the publication of such rate (the "ECB 
Website") on such TARGET2 Business Day or if the ECB 
Website is unavailable as otherwise published by or on behalf of 
the relevant administrator; 
"€STRi-pTBD" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day 
i, €STR for the TARGET2 Business Day falling p TARGET2 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET2 Business Day i; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant TARGET2 Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET2 
Business Day in (x) if "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Interest Period 
or (y) if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation Lookback 
Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the number of TARGET2 Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
TARGET2 Business Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such TARGET2 
Business Day i to (but excluding) the following TARGET2 
Business Day; 
"Observation Lookback Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling p 
TARGET2 Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) the date which is p 
TARGET2 Business Days prior to the Interest Period End Date 
falling at the end of such Interest Period; 
"Relevant €STRi" means, in respect of any TARGET2 Business 
Day i: 
(x)
if "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, €STRi-pTBD; or

--- Page 750 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 750 - 
(y)
if "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, €STRi-, where €STRi- is, in 
respect of any TARGET2 Business Day i falling in the 
relevant Observation Lookback Period, €STR for such 
day; and 
"TARGET2 Business Day" means a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
II.
€STR Fallback provisions 
(1)
A €STR Transition Event has occurred 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the €STR 
Reference Time on any TARGET2 Business Day that a €STR 
Transition Event and the related €STR Replacement Date have 
occurred, the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the 
"Replacement Rate Determination Agent") which will 
determine the €STR Replacement. The Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the 
Settlement Currency as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), (z) an affiliate of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent or 
(aa) such other entity that the Calculation Agent determines to be 
competent to carry out such role.  In connection with the 
determination of the €STR Replacement: 
(a)
the €STR Replacement will replace the then-current 
€STR Benchmark for all purposes relating to the relevant 
Certificates in respect of such determination on such date 
and all determinations on all subsequent dates; 
(b)
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make 
€STR Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to 
the relevant Certificates from time to time; 
(c)
any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant 
to 
this 
Condition 
4(d)(iii)(E)II. 
including 
any 
determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment 
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain 
from taking any action or any selection, in each case, 
solely with respect to the relevant Certificates, will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be 
made by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner; 
(d)
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Condition and any other Terms and Conditions, this 
Condition 4(d)(iii)(E)II.. shall prevail with respect to any 
Certificates for which the Rate of Interest or Rate is 
calculated in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(iii)(E);

--- Page 751 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 751 - 
(e)
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate 
for a €STR Replacement to replace the then-current €STR 
Benchmark 
and 
apply 
any 
€STR 
Replacement 
Conforming Changes in respect of any subsequent €STR 
Transition Event; and 
(f)
where a €STR Transition Event or details of it are 
announced prior to the relevant €STR Replacement Date 
then the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may on 
or after such earlier announcement date give notice to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) of the relevant changes which will be made to 
the Certificates, provided that, such changes will only take 
effect as of the €STR Replacement Date. 
(2)
A €STR Transition Event has not occurred and the €STR 
Benchmark is unavailable
If, by the relevant €STR Reference Time on a relevant 
determination date, the €STR Benchmark is unavailable in respect 
of such determination date and a €STR Transition Event has not 
occurred, then the rate for such determination date will be the 
€STR Benchmark, where applicable, of the Corresponding Tenor, 
as provided by the administrator of the €STR Benchmark and 
published by an alternative authorised distributor or by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the €STR Benchmark itself. If no 
such rate has been published by the Rate Cut-Off Time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or if no time is so specified, 4 p.m. 
(London time)), then the rate for such determination date will be 
the rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be a commercially 
reasonable alternative for the €STR Benchmark by applying one 
of the following rates: 
(a)
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator 
of the €STR Benchmark; or 
(b)
a rate formally recommended for use by the Relevant 
Governmental Body or any other supervisor which is 
responsible for supervising the €STR Benchmark or the 
administrator of the €STR Benchmark, 
in each case, during the period of non-publication of the €STR 
Benchmark and for so long as a €STR Transition Event has not 
occurred. If a rate described in sub-paragraph (a) is available, the 
Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If no such rate is available, 
but a rate described in sub-paragraph (b) is available, the 
Calculation Agent shall apply that rate. If neither a rate described 
in sub-paragraph (a) nor a rate described in sub-paragraph (b) is 
available, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the €STR Benchmark 
taking into account, where available, any rate implemented by 
central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, in each case with 
trading volumes in derivatives or futures referencing the €STR

--- Page 752 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 752 - 
Benchmark that the Calculation Agent considers sufficient for 
that rate to be a representative alternative rate. 
(3)
€STR Fallback Definitions
Notwithstanding any other definitions to the contrary in these 
Terms and Conditions, the following definitions shall apply with 
respect to this Condition 4(d)(iii)(E)II. 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of 
Certificates, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any 
successor 
thereto 
("ISDA"), 
as 
amended, 
updated 
or 
supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Certificates of such Series; 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in respect of a Series of 
Certificates, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Certificates of such Series, as published by ISDA on 
its website (www.isda.org); 
"Corresponding Tenor" with respect to a €STR Replacement 
means a tenor (including overnight) having approximately the 
same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current €STR Benchmark. 
"€STR Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded Daily €STR 
(as defined in Condition 4(d)(iii)(3)(E)I. above) of the appropriate 
tenor (if applicable), provided that, if a €STR Transition Event 
and its related €STR Replacement Date have occurred with 
respect to Compounded Daily €STR, or the then-current €STR 
Benchmark, then "€STR Benchmark" means the applicable €STR 
Replacement. 
"€STR Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the 
€STR Benchmark means 11:00 am (Brussels time) on the 
TARGET2 Business Day immediately following the date of such 
determination. 
"€STR Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent as of the €STR Replacement Date: 
(a)
the ISDA Fallback Rate;  
(b)
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the 
replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark, where 
applicable, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; or 
(c)
the alternative rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination 
Agent 
as 
the 
replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark, where

--- Page 753 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 753 - 
applicable for the applicable Corresponding Tenor, giving 
due consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest 
as a replacement for the then-current €STR Benchmark 
for floating rate securities denominated in the currency of 
the €STR Benchmark (the "Relevant Benchmark 
Currency") calculated at such time. 
"€STR Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect to any €STR Replacement, any technical, administrative 
or operational changes (including, but not limited to, timing and 
frequency of determining rates with respect to each interest period 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, 
day count fractions, business day convention, amendments to any 
other Condition and other administrative matters) that the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such €STR Replacement in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that adoption 
of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
determines that no market practice for use of the €STR 
Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case 
may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner). 
"€STR Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current €STR 
Benchmark: 
(a)
in the case of paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of 
"€STR Transition Event", the later of (i) the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of the 
€STR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide such €STR Benchmark; or 
(b)
in the case of paragraph (c) of the definition of "€STR 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or 
publication of information referenced therein, 
for the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the €STR 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
€STR Reference Time in respect of any determination, the €STR 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
€STR Reference Time for such determination.   
"€STR Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current €STR 
Benchmark: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the €STR Benchmark 
announcing that the administrator has ceased or will

--- Page 754 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 754 - 
cease to provide the €STR Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the €STR Benchmark;  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
€STR 
Benchmark, 
an 
insolvency 
official 
with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the €STR 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over 
the administrator for the €STR Benchmark or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority 
over the administrator for the €STR Benchmark, which 
states that the administrator of the €STR Benchmark has 
ceased or will cease to provide the €STR Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the €STR 
Benchmark; or 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the €STR 
Benchmark announcing that the €STR Benchmark is no 
longer representative, the €STR Benchmark has been or 
will be prohibited from being used or that its use has been 
or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Certificates. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the €STR Benchmark for the 
applicable tenor.  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of a €STR Transition Event with 
respect to the €STR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding 
the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
"Rate Cut-off Time" has the meaning given to it in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the European Central 
Bank (including any board thereof) or any committee officially 
endorsed and/or convened thereby.   
(F)
SARON

--- Page 755 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 755 - 
I. 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SARON" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the 
case may be, for each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily 
SARON plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, calculated in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(iii)(F)I., 
subject to the provisions of Condition 4(d)(iii)(F)II.  
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 4(d)(iii)(F)I.: 
"Compounded Daily SARON" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment 
in Swiss francs (with the daily overnight interest rate of the 
secured funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for 
the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with the 
following formula:  
቎ෑ൬1 + SARON୧ x n୧
360
൰
ୢబ
୧ୀଵ
−1቏x 360
d
where the resulting percentage will be rounded (if necessary) to 
the nearest fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
"d" means, in respect of a SARON Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days in such SARON Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of a SARON Observation Period, the 
number of Zurich Banking Days in such SARON Observation 
Period. 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Zurich Banking Days in the relevant 
SARON Observation Period in chronological order from, and 
including, the first Zurich Banking Day in such SARON 
Observation Period; 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
Zurich Banking Days); 
"ni" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such Zurich Banking Day i 
to (but excluding) the first following Zurich Banking Day; 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day:  
(a)
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich 
Banking Day published by the SARON Administrator on 
the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page

--- Page 756 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 756 - 
which displays the information) at the SARON Reference 
Time; 
(b)
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the SARON Reference Time on such Zurich 
Banking Day, other than as a consequence of a SARON 
Index Cessation Event for which a SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the 
SARON Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight published on the 
Relevant Screen Page for the first preceding Zurich 
Banking Day for which the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight was published on the Relevant Screen Page; 
or 
(c)
if such rate is not so published on the Relevant Screen 
Page at the SARON Reference Time on such Zurich 
Banking Day as a consequence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event for which a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date has occurred at or prior to the SARON 
Reference Time on such Zurich Banking Day, the 
SARON Replacement determined in accordance with 
Condition 4(d)(iii)(F)II. below; 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or 
any successor administrator); 
"SARON Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling p Zurich 
Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period 
and ending on (but excluding) the date which is p Zurich Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Period End Date falling at the end of 
such Interest Period;  
"SARON Reference Time" means, in respect of any Zurich 
Banking Day, the close of trading on the trading platform of SIX 
Repo AG (or any successor thereto) on such Zurich Banking Day, 
which is expected to be at or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time);  
"SARONi" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day i, 
SARON as provided by the SARON Administrator to, and 
published by, authorised distributors of SARON in respect of that 
day at the SARON Reference Time (or any amended publication 
time as specified by the SARON Administrator in the SARON 
benchmark methodology) on such Zurich Banking Day; and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means any day (other than a Saturday and 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Zurich. 
II. 
SARON Replacement Provisions 
(1) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the 
SARON Reference Time on any Zurich Banking Day that a

--- Page 757 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 757 - 
SARON Index Cessation Event and the related SARON Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the SARON Replacement.   
If there is no Recommended SARON Replacement Rate and the 
SNB Policy Rate for any Zurich Banking Day with respect to 
which SARON is to be determined has not been published on such 
Zurich Banking Day (the "Affected Zurich Banking Day"), then 
the Calculation Agent will appoint an agent (the "Replacement 
Rate Determination Agent") on or prior to the first Zurich 
Banking Day in respect of which a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and related SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have 
occurred and for which the SNB Policy Rate has not been 
published. The Replacement Rate Determination Agent may be 
(x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark agent in the 
principal financial centre of the Settlement Currency as appointed 
by the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if 
applicable), (z) an affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or the Calculation Agent or (aa) such other entity that 
the Calculation Agent determines to be competent to carry out 
such role.   
The Replacement Rate Determination Agent will determine 
whether to use an alternative rate to SARON for the Affected 
Zurich Banking Day and for all subsequent Zurich Banking Days 
in the SARON Observation Period in which the Affected Zurich 
Banking Day falls (the "Affected SARON Observation Period") 
and all SARON Observation Periods thereafter.  
For the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest or Rate, as 
the case may be:  
(a)
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent shall 
determine: (A) the method for determining the SARON 
Replacement (including any alternative method for 
determining the SARON Replacement if such alternative 
rate is unavailable on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-
accepted practices for the SARON Replacement and (B) 
any adjustment factor as may be necessary to make the 
SARON Replacement comparable to the then-current 
SARON Benchmark consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for the SARON Replacement;  
(b)
for the Affected Zurich Banking Day and all subsequent 
Zurich Banking Days in the Affected SARON 
Observation Period and all SARON Observation Periods 
thereafter, references to SARON in the Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the 
SARON Replacement, including any alternative method 
for determining such rate and any adjustment factor as 
described in sub-clause (a) above;

--- Page 758 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 758 - 
(c)
the Replacement Rate Determination Agent may make 
SARON Replacement Conforming Changes with respect 
to the Certificates from time to time;  
(d)
any determination, decision or election that may be made 
by the Replacement Rate Determination Agent pursuant 
to this Condition 4(d)(iii)(F)II. including any SARON 
Replacement Conforming Changes or of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and 
any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or 
any selection, in each case, solely with respect to the 
relevant Certificates, will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error and will be made by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent acting in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner;  
(e)
to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this 
Condition and any other Terms and Conditions, this 
Condition 4(d)(iii)(F)II. shall prevail with respect to any 
Certificates for which the Rate of Interest or Rate is 
calculated in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(iii)(F); 
(f)
the Calculation Agent may determine that it is appropriate 
for a SARON Replacement to replace the then-current 
SARON Benchmark and apply any SARON Replacement 
Conforming Changes in respect of any subsequent 
SARON Index Cessation Event; and 
(g)
where a SARON Index Cessation Event or details of it are 
announced prior to the relevant SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date then the Replacement Rate Determination 
Agent may on or after such earlier announcement date 
give notice to Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) of the relevant changes which will 
be made to the Securities, provided that, such changes will 
only take effect as of the SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date. 
As used in this Condition 4(d)(iii)(F), the following definitions 
shall apply:
"Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread" means, with 
respect to any Recommended SARON Replacement Rate: 
(a) 
the spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), 
formula or methodology for calculating such a spread, 
that the Recommending Body has recommended be 
applied to such Recommended SARON Replacement 
Rate in the case of fixed income securities with respect 
to which such Recommended SARON Replacement Rate 
has replaced the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
reference rate for the purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; or

--- Page 759 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 759 - 
(b) 
if the Recommending Body has not recommended such 
a spread, formula or methodology as described in clause 
(a) above to be applied to such Recommended SARON 
Replacement Rate, for the purposes of determining 
SARON, the Calculation Agent will determine the 
spread, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Certificateholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight with such Recommended 
SARON Replacement Rate. The Calculation Agent will 
take into account industry-accepted practices for fixed 
income securities with respect to which such 
Recommended SARON Replacement Rate has replaced 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the reference rate 
for the purposes of determining the applicable rate of 
interest thereon; 
"Recommended SARON Replacement Rate" means 
the rate that has been recommended as the replacement 
for the Swiss Average Rate Overnight by any working 
group or committee in Switzerland organised in the same 
or a similar manner as the National Working Group on 
Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 
for the purposes of, among other things, considering 
proposals to reform reference interest rates in 
Switzerland (any such working group or committee, the 
"Recommending Body"); 
"SARON Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded 
Daily SARON (as defined in Condition 4(d)(iii)(F)I. 
above), provided that, if a SARON Index Cessation 
Event and its related SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred with respect to Compounded Daily 
SARON, or the then-current SARON Benchmark, then 
"SARON Benchmark" means the applicable SARON 
Replacement. 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the 
earliest of: 
(a) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in clause (i) of the 
definition thereof, the date on which the 
SARON Administrator ceases to provide the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight; 
(b) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in sub-clause (b)(x) 
of the definition thereof, the latest of: 
(x) 
the 
date 
of 
such 
statement 
or 
publication;

--- Page 760 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 760 - 
(y) 
the date, if any, specified in such 
statement or publication as the date on 
which 
the 
Swiss 
Average 
Rate 
Overnight 
will 
no 
longer 
be 
representative; and 
(z) 
if a SARON Index Cessation Event 
described in sub-clause (b)(y) of the 
definition thereof has occurred on or 
prior to either or both dates specified in 
sub-clauses (x) and (y) of this clause 
(b), the date as of which the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight may no longer 
be used; and 
(c) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index 
Cessation Event described in sub-clause (b)(y) 
of the definition thereof, the date as of which the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight may no longer be 
used; 
"SARON 
Index 
Cessation 
Event" 
means 
the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
a public statement or publication of information 
by or on behalf of the SARON Administrator, or 
by any competent authority, announcing or 
confirming that the SARON Administrator has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight; or 
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information 
by the SARON Administrator or any competent 
authority announcing that (x) the Swiss Average 
Rate Overnight is no longer representative or 
will as of a certain date no longer be 
representative, or (y) the Swiss Average Rate 
Overnight may no longer be used after a certain 
date, which statement, in the case of sub-clause 
(y), is applicable to (but not necessarily limited 
to) fixed income securities and derivatives;  
"SARON Replacement" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent as of the 
SARON Index Cessation Effective Date:

--- Page 761 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 761 - 
(a) 
the Recommended SARON Replacement Rate 
for such Zurich Banking Day, giving effect to 
the Recommended SARON Adjustment Spread, 
if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day;  
(b) 
the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the 
"SNB Policy Rate") for such Zurich Banking 
Day, giving effect to the SNB Adjustment 
Spread, if any; or 
(c) 
the alternative rate of interest that has been 
selected 
by 
the 
Replacement 
Rate 
Determination Agent as the replacement for the 
then-current SARON Benchmark, being such 
industry-accepted successor rate or, if no such 
rate exists, it shall select such rate that it has 
determined is most comparable to the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight; 
"SARON Replacement Conforming Changes" means, 
with respect to any SARON Replacement, any 
technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including, but not limited to, timing and frequency of 
determining rates with respect to each interest period 
and making payments of interest, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, day count fractions, business day convention, 
amendments to any other Condition and other 
administrative matters) that the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent decides may be appropriate to 
reflect the adoption of such SARON Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice 
(or, if the Replacement Rate Determination Agent 
determines that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Replacement Rate Determination Agent determines that 
no market practice for use of the SARON Replacement 
exists, in such other manner as the Replacement Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the 
case may be, determines is reasonably necessary, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); 
and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the 
SNB Policy Rate, the spread to be applied to the SNB 
Policy Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Certificateholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Swiss Average Rate Overnight with the SNB Policy 
Rate for the purposes of determining SARON, which 
spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent,

--- Page 762 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 762 - 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, taking into account the historical median 
between the Swiss Average Rate Overnight and the 
SNB Policy Rate during the two year period ending on 
the date on which the SARON Index Cessation Event 
occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation 
Event has occurred, the date on which the first of such 
events occurred). 
(G) 
TONA
I. 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – TONA" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which a Rate of Interest 
or Rate is to be determined, such Rate of Interest or Rate, as the 
case may be, for each Interest Period will be Compounded Daily 
TONA plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
calculated in accordance with this Condition 4(d)(iii)(G)I., 
subject to the provisions of Condition 4(d)(iii)(G)I. and 
4(d)(iii)(G)II..  
The following definitions shall apply for the purpose of this 
Condition 4(d)(iii)(G): 
"Compounded Daily TONA" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, an amount equal to the rate of return for an investment in 
Japanese yen on each calendar day during the relevant Interest 
Period, compounded daily (with the daily Tokyo Overnight 
Average rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest), 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
(1) 
if "TONA Compound with Lookback" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
ቈෑ
൬1 + ܱܶܰܣ௜ି௣்஻஽ × ݊௜
365
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቉× 365
݀
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards; 
"d" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the number 
of Tokyo Banking Days in such Interest Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Interest Period, a series of 
whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Tokyo Banking Days in chronological order 
from (and including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in 
such Interest Period;

--- Page 763 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 763 - 
"Lookback Period" or "p" means the number of Tokyo 
Banking Days specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if no such number is specified, 5 Tokyo Banking Days;  
"ni" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Tokyo Banking Dayi up to (but excluding) the following 
Tokyo Banking Day; 
"TONAi" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, 
TONA in respect of such Tokyo Banking Dayi; and 
"TONAi-pTBD" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking 
Dayi, TONAi in respect of the Tokyo Banking Day 
falling p Tokyo Banking Days prior to such Tokyo 
Banking Day; 
(2) 
if "TONA Compound with Observation Period Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
ቈෑ
൬1 + ܱܶܰܣ௜× n௜
365
൰
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
−1቉× 365
d
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards; 
"d" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of calendar days in such Observation Period; 
"d0" means, in respect of an Observation Period, the 
number of Tokyo Banking Days in such Observation 
Period; 
"i" means, in respect of an Observation Period, a series 
of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
Tokyo Banking Days in chronological order from (and 
including) the first Tokyo Banking Day in such 
Observation Period; 
"ni" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, the 
number of calendar days from (and including) such 
Tokyo Banking Dayi up to (but excluding) the following 
Tokyo Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest 
Period, the period from (and including) the date falling 
the number of Observation Shift Days prior to the first 
day of such Interest Period and ending on (but excluding) 
the date that is the number Observation Shift Days prior 
to the next occurring Interest Period End Date in such 
Interest Period;

--- Page 764 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 764 - 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of 
Relevant Business Days specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if no such number is specified, 5 Relevant 
Business Days;  
"Relevant Business Day" means a day which is (i) a 
Tokyo Banking Day, (ii) if one or more Observation Shift 
Business Centre(s) (other than TARGET2 System) are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, a day (other than 
a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant 
Observation Shift Business Centre(s) and (iii) if 
"TARGET2 System" is specified as an Observation Shift 
Business Centre, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System is open; and 
"TONAi" means, in respect of a Tokyo Banking Dayi, 
TONA in respect of such Tokyo Banking Dayi; 
"Tokyo Banking Day" means a day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; and 
"TONA" means the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of a Tokyo Banking Day, being the Tokyo Overnight 
Average (TONA) rate administered by the Bank of Japan (or any 
successor administrator) for such Tokyo Banking Day as provided 
by the administrator of TONA to authorised distributors and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors) in each case as of approximately 10.00 
a.m. (Tokyo time) (or any amended publication time as specified 
by the administrator of such rate) on the Tokyo Banking Day 
immediately following such Tokyo Banking Day. If no such rate 
is published by the administrator of TONA or an authorised 
distributor and is not otherwise provided by the administrator of 
TONA other than as a consequence of a TONA Index Cessation 
Event, then TONA for such Tokyo Banking Day will be TONA 
last provided or published on the Relevant Screen Page (or as 
otherwise published by relevant authorised distributors) that 
appears at approximately 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Bank of 
Japan's Website on the Tokyo Banking Day immediately 
following such Tokyo Banking Day. 
II. 
Correction of TONA 
If TONA in respect of any Tokyo Banking Day is subsequently 
corrected and provided by the administrator of TONA to 
authorised distributors of TONA and published on the Relevant

--- Page 765 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 765 - 
Screen Page no later than the Correction Cut-off Time (if any) or, 
if later (or there is no such Correction Cut-off Time), one hour 
after the rate for such Tokyo Banking Day is published on the 
Relevant Screen Page, then TONA in respect of such Tokyo 
Banking Day shall be the subsequently corrected and published 
rate appearing on the Relevant Screen Page. 
Where: 
Correction Cut-off Time" means the time specified as such by 
the administrator of TONA in the TONA benchmark 
methodology. 
III. 
TONA Fallbacks 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to the 
TONA Reference Time on any Tokyo Banking Day that a TONA 
Index Cessation Event has occurred, then the rate in respect of 
each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or after the TONA Index 
Cessation Effective Date will be the JPY Recommended Rate.  
If there is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first 
Tokyo Banking Day following the TONA Index Cessation 
Effective Date, but neither the administrator nor authorised 
distributors provide or publish the JPY Recommended Rate, then, 
subject to the below, in respect of any day for which the JPY 
Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last 
provided or published JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there 
is no last provided or published JPY Recommended Rate, then in 
respect of any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate is 
required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be 
deemed to be references to the last provided or published TONA.  
If: 
(1)  
there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the 
first Tokyo Banking Day following the TONA Index 
Cessation Effective Date; or  
(2) 
there is a JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date 
subsequently 
occurs 
in 
respect 
of 
such 
JPY 
Recommended Rate,  
then the rate in respect of each Tokyo Banking Day falling on or 
after the TONA Index Cessation Effective Date or a JPY 
Recommended Rate Fixing Day occurring on or after the JPY 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date, as the case 
may be, will be a commercially reasonable alternative for TONA 
or the JPY Recommended Rate, as the case may be, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account any rate

--- Page 766 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 766 - 
implemented by central counterparties and/or futures exchanges, 
in each case with trading volumes in derivatives or futures 
referencing TONA or the JPY Recommended Rate (as applicable) 
that the Calculation Agent considers sufficient for that rate to be 
a representative alternative rate. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(d)(iii)(G)III.: 
"JPY Recommended Rate" means, in respect of any Tokyo 
Banking Day, the rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for TONA by a committee 
officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan for the 
purpose of recommending a replacement for TONA (which rate 
may be produced by the Bank of Japan or another administrator) 
and as provided by the administrator of that rate or, if that rate is 
not provided by the administrator thereof (or a successor 
administrator), published by an authorised distributor in respect 
of such day; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Fixing Day" means, in respect of the 
JPY Recommended Rate and any day, the publication day 
specified by the administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate for 
the JPY Recommended Rate in its benchmark methodology; 
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" 
means, in respect of the JPY Recommended Rate and a JPY 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on 
which the JPY Recommended Rate would ordinarily have been 
published or provided and is no longer published or provided;  
"JPY Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means, in 
respect of the JPY Recommended Rate:  
(c)
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of the JPY Recommended 
Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to 
provide the JPY Recommended Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the JPY Recommended Rate; or  
(d)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency 
of the JPY Recommended Rate, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the JPY 
Recommended Rate or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency 
or 
resolution 
authority 
over 
the 
administrator of the JPY Recommended Rate, which 
states that the administrator of the JPY Recommended

--- Page 767 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 767 - 
Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the JPY 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the JPY Recommended Rate; 
"TONA Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of 
TONA and a TONA Index Cessation Event, the first date on 
which TONA would ordinarily have been published or provided 
and is no longer published or provided;  
"TONA Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of TONA:  
(e)
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the administrator of TONA announcing that it 
has ceased or will cease to provide TONA permanently 
or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide TONA; or  
(f)
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of TONA, the 
central bank for the currency of TONA, an insolvency 
official with jurisdiction over the administrator of 
TONA, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of TONA or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of TONA, which states that the 
administrator of TONA has ceased or will cease to 
provide TONA permanently or indefinitely, provided 
that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
TONA; and 
"TONA Reference Time" means, with respect to any 
determination of TONA, 10.00 a.m. (Tokyo time) on the Tokyo 
Banking Day immediately following the date of such 
determination. 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Discontinuation  
Where Condition 4(d)(iii)(A) applies, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any 
Interest Determination Date, that the Screen Page Reference Rate has been discontinued or a 
Reference Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the 
Screen Page Reference Rate, an alternative reference rate determined by the Calculation Agent to be 
the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region 
of the Specified Currency (each a "Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative reference rates are selected by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, the Calculation Agent shall determine which of those alternative 
reference rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Certificates. If 
the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference

--- Page 768 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 768 - 
rate, the Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the 
Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date) appoint an agent (the "Reference 
Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a substitute or successor rate, which is 
substantially comparable to the Screen Page Reference Rate, is available for the purpose of 
determining the Reference Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date of 
such determination.  If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry 
accepted successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such 
successor rate to be used by the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent to determine the Rate of 
Interest. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has determined 
a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such rate, the 
"Replacement Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate on each 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will also 
determine the changes (if any) required to the applicable Business Day Convention, the 
definition of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and 
any method for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, including any adjustment 
needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page 
Reference Rate, including, where applicable, and if Unwind Costs is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty, as the case may be, providing such exposure to the Replacement Reference 
Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that is 
consistent with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Reference Rate; 
(B) 
references to the Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be references to the 
relevant Replacement Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining 
such rate as described in (A) above; 
(C) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will notify 
the Issuer of the Replacement Reference Rate, and the details described in (A) above, as 
soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(D) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, the Trustee and the Calculation 
Agent of the Replacement Reference Rate, and the details described in (A) above as soon 
as reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the 
Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Reference Rate and the other matters referred to above by the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Principal Warrant and 
Certificate Agent, the Trustee and the Certificateholders, unless the Calculation Agent or the 
Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the Replacement Reference Rate 
is no longer substantially comparable to the Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference 
Rate Determination Agent, as the case may be (which may or may not be the same entity as the 
original Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of 
confirming the Replacement Reference Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Reference 
Rate in an identical manner as described in this Condition 4(d)(iv). If the replacement Reference 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not 
determine a substitute Replacement Reference Rate, then the Replacement Reference Rate will 
remain unchanged.

--- Page 769 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 769 - 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or benchmark 
agent in the principal financial centre of the Settlement Currency as appointed by the Calculation 
Agent, (y) the Swap Counterparty or (z) an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty or the Calculation 
Agent. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 8(o)(A), the provisions 
of this Condition 4(d)(iv) will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this 
Condition 4(d)(iv), the Calculation Agent or Reference Rate Determination Agent (as applicable) 
may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Certificates as 
are provided for in connection with a Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Reference Rate Fallback Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may have occurred before the Issue Date of the 
Certificates.
(e) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate
In the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of Conditions 4(c)(ii) or 4(d) (as appropriate) is less than the Minimum Interest Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such 
Minimum Interest Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Conditions 4(c)(ii) or 4(d) (as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Rate Multiplier for any Interest Period, then, the Rate of 
Interest in respect of any such Interest Period shall be multiplied by the relevant Rate Multiplier, 
subject always to the Minimum and/or Maximum Rate of Interest as described above. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amount
The Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) (such notifications to occur no later than the Business Day following such 
determination), (in the case of Certificates which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
where the rules of such stock exchange so require) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and, if 
applicable, to any other stock exchange on which the relevant Certificates are for the time being 
listed. In addition, the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent (except where the relevant 
Certificates are unlisted and are in global form and held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg in which event there may be substituted for such publication the delivery 
of such notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication to the 
Certificateholders) shall publish or cause to be published such Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date in accordance with Condition 19 as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fifth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Certificates are for the time being listed and to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 
19. For the purposes of these Conditions, the expression "Luxembourg Business Day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business in 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 770 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 770 - 
(g) 
Certificates to be Final
All certificates, communications, determinations, calculations and decisions made for the purposes 
of the provisions of this Condition 4 by the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or, if applicable, 
the Calculation Agent or the Trustee, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the  Principal Warrant and Certificate 
Agent, the other Warrant and Certificate Agents (if any), or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent and 
all Certificateholders, and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Certificateholders shall 
attach to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent or the 
Trustee, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(h) 
Coupon Switch
If Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
 if Coupon Switch Election is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall (where a corresponding election is made by the Swap Counterparty in respect 
of the Swap Agreement relating to the Certificates) elect that the Rate of Interest or Premium 
Amount for the Certificates will be amended (a "Coupon Switch") from the pre-switch 
coupon specified in the Final Terms (the "Pre-Switch Coupon") to the post-switch coupon 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Post-Switch Coupon") on and after the 
Coupon Switch Date; and 
(ii) 
if Automatic Coupon Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Coupon Switch Event occurs, the Rate of Interest or Premium Amount for the 
Certificates will be amended (a "Coupon Switch") from Pre-Switch Coupon specified in 
the applicable Final Terms to the Post-Switch Coupon specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on and after the Coupon Switch Date immediately following the SPS ACS Valuation 
Date or SPS ACS Valuation Period, as applicable, on which the Automatic Coupon Switch 
Event occurs. 
If Additional Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, following the 
occurrence of a Coupon Switch, an Additional Switch Coupon Amount will be payable on the 
Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date. The "Additional Switch Coupon Amount" in respect of 
each nominal amount of Certificates equal to the Calculation Amount will be the amount specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes of Conditions 6 and 11, Additional Switch 
Coupon Amount shall be deemed to be interest. For the avoidance of doubt, the Additional Switch 
Coupon Amount will only be paid on the single Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date. 
Notice of any Coupon Switch will be given to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19. 
"Additional Switch Coupon Payment Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, which such date must be an Interest Payment Date or a Premium Amount Payment 
Date, as applicable; 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Event" means that:  
(A)
the SPS ACS Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less 
than" or (d) "less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Automatic Coupon Switch Level, (x) on a SPS ACS Valuation Date or (y) in 
respect of a SPS ACS Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;

--- Page 771 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 771 - 
(B)
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and Target Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or the Snowball Digital 
Coupon Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal to or greater 
than the Automatic Coupon Switch Level as of a SPS ACS Valuation Date; or 
(C) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is not specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and Target Switch Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Cumulative ACS Coupon is equal to or greater than the Automatic 
Coupon Switch Level as of a SPS ACS Valuation Date. 
"Automatic Coupon Switch Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Switch Date" means each date specified as such or determined pursuant to the provisions 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cumulative ACS Coupon" means, in respect of a SPS ACS Valuation Date, (a) the sum of the 
values calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current ACS Interest Period as the product 
of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, 
in each case for such Interest Period, plus (b) the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case for the Current ACS Interest 
Period; 
"Current ACS Interest Period" means, in respect of a SPS ACS Valuation Date, the Interest Period 
during which such SPS ACS Valuation Date falls; 
"SPS ACS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Underlying Interest 
Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"SPS ACS Valuation Period" means each period specific as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and  
"SPS ACS Value" means, in respect of a SPS ACS Valuation Date or a SPS ACS Valuation Period, 
the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
(i)  
Condition to Interest Payment 
Where "Condition to Interest Payment" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
obligation of the Issuer to pay an Interest Amount will be subject to the receipt of an aggregate 
amount equal to the aggregate Interest Amounts payable in respect of each Certificate outstanding 
on or prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement. In the event that the Swap Counterparty fails to pay an amount under the Swap 
Agreement or the Swap Agreement terminates for any reason other than as scheduled on its 
scheduled termination date or where the termination of the Swap Agreement has resulted from an 
Event of Default thereunder where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party, the Issuer will have no further 
obligation to pay interest in respect of the Certificates and no Event of Default will occur in respect 
of such non-payment save where the termination of the Swap Agreement has resulted from an Event 
of Default thereunder where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party. 
(j) 
Interest Payments
Interest will be paid subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 6 (Payments and 
Physical Delivery). Interest will cease to accrue on each Certificate (or, in the case of the redemption

--- Page 772 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 772 - 
of part only of a Certificate, that part only of such Certificate) on the due date for redemption thereof 
unless such Certificate is redeemed early. If such Certificate is redeemed early, (i) if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the 
due date for redemption, (ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is not 
applicable, no interest shall accrue or be payable in respect of which the relevant payment date has 
not occurred on or prior to the due date for redemption of such Certificate or (iii) if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is not applicable and Accrual to Preceding IPED is 
applicable, no interest shall accrue or be payable in respect of any period since the Interest Period 
End Date immediately preceding the occurrence of the relevant Early Redemption Event, unless in 
either case payment of principal and/or delivery of all assets deliverable is improperly withheld or 
refused. If upon due presentation thereof, payment of principal or the payment, and/or delivery of 
the Entitlement (if applicable and unless such Entitlement is to be delivered following a Physical 
Delivery Early Redemption Event in accordance with Condition 8(w)(ii))), is improperly withheld 
or refused, interest will continue to accrue (as well after as before any judgment) at the Fixed Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Rate of Interest until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all 
sums due and/or assets deliverable in respect of such Certificate up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the holder of such Certificate and (ii) the day on which the Principal Warrant and Certificate 
Agent or any agent appointed by the Issuer to deliver such assets to Certificateholders has notified 
the holder thereof (either in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) or individually) of receipt of all 
sums due in respect thereof up to that date. Where Suspension of Payments is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, of a 
Suspension Event, interest on the Notional Amount outstanding on the Certificates will be paid in 
accordance with this Condition 4 on the relevant Deferred Interest Payment Date provided that no 
interest shall be payable on the Certificates or any accrued interest thereon for the period from (and 
including) the relevant Interest Payment Date to such Deferred Interest Payment Date and, where an 
Early Redemption Event occurs prior to the end of the relevant Suspension Period, the reference in 
this Condition 4(j) to "Early Redemption Event" shall be read as reference to such Suspension Event. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4(j) "Deferred Interest Payment Date" means (A) the second 
Business Day following the final Business Day of the Suspension Period where no Early Redemption 
Event has occurred during the Suspension Period or, (B) where the Calculation Agent determines 
that the circumstances giving rise to such potential Early Redemption Event have been remedied (if 
possible) or no longer exist prior to the end of the applicable grace period such that no related Early 
Redemption Event has occurred, the second Business Day following the date on which the 
Calculation Agent makes such determination. 
Where "Screen Rate Determination – SONIA", "Screen Rate Determination – SOFR", "Screen Rate 
Determination – €STR", "Screen Rate Determination – SARON" or "Screen Rate Determination – 
TONA" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for the purposes of Condition 4(d), if accrued 
interest is required to be calculated in respect of a period, which, but for this provision, would not 
be an Interest Period, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, for the purposes of 
calculating such interest, the final Interest Period End Date shall be the date such period ends on (but 
excludes) and the final Interest Determination Date shall be the earliest date on which the Issuing 
and Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines that the Rate of Interest or 
Rate, as the case may be, for the final Interest Period can be determined. 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Securities, these provisions shall be subject to the 
provisions contained in Annex 10 – "Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities". 
(k) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee
If for any reason at any relevant time the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Calculation Agent defaults in its obligation to determine the Rate of Interest or the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent defaults in its obligation to calculate any Interest Amount in

--- Page 773 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 773 - 
accordance with Conditions 4(c)(ii) and 4(d) as the case may be, and in each case in accordance with 
Condition 4(c)(iii), the Trustee shall, (or shall appoint an agent on its behalf to do so), determine the 
Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its sole and absolute discretion (having such regard as it shall think 
fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition 4, but subject always to any Minimum Rate of 
Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances or, as the case may be, the Trustee shall (or shall appoint an agent 
on its behalf to do so) calculate the Interest Amount(s) in such manner as it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances and each such determination or calculation shall be deemed to 
have been made by the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
"Determination Period" means each period from and including a Determination Date to but 
excluding the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date).   
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on and including the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Period 
End Date or such other period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
"Interest Rate(i-1)" means in respect of an Interest Period the Rate of Interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, Interest Rate(i-1) is expressed as a rate per annum, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms.   
"Issue Date" means the date specified as such on the applicable Final Terms.   
(l)
Rounding generally
In connection with the calculation of any amount payable in respect of the Certificates (including, 
without limitation, interest) and unless otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the 
applicable Final Terms, such amounts will, if necessary, be rounded to the nearest sub-unit (as 
defined above) of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise as specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
(m) 
Dual Currency Linked Interest Certificates 
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Dual Currency Linked Interest 
Certificates, the amount of interest calculated in respect of any Interest Payment Date is not an 
amount in the Settlement Currency, it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Specified 
Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Specified Exchange Rate is specified, 
the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate on the relevant Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Observation Date. 
"Price Materiality Event" means that, in respect of the determination of any Settlement Currency 
Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent determines that the rate derived at the relevant time from the 
source specified in the Final Terms differs from the rate that would be derived at the relevant time 
from a source that the Calculation Agent deems, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having taken into account any relevant market practice, to be equivalent, by more than 3 per 
cent. 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
such currency is specified, the Specified Currency.

--- Page 774 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 774 - 
"Settlement Currency Exchange Rate" means in respect of a Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Observation Date, the rate of exchange (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the 
relevant rate of exchange is derived) between the currencies and from the source(s) and at the time 
in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms on such day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that if any source specified in the applicable Final Terms is not available or the 
Calculation Agent determines that there has been a Price Materiality Event, any such rate of 
exchange may be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it, any such 
rate of exchange may be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having taken into account any relevant 
market practice, considers to be appropriate.  
"Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date" means the date falling the number of 
Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the relevant scheduled payment date 
in respect of the Certificates. 
"Specified Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5. 
Premium Amount 
(a) 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Certificates will not bear or pay interest but will 
pay one or more premium amounts, each such premium amount representing an amount payable by 
the Issuer as compensation for, and in recognition of, the assumption of the risk that in certain 
circumstances the Cash Settlement Amount payable on redemption of the Certificates may be less 
than the Issue Price or even zero. 
(b) 
A premium amount may be a fixed amount ("Fixed Premium Amount Certificates"), a variable 
amount ("Variable Premium Amount Certificates") and/or an amount calculated by reference to 
the performance of one or more  index or custom index, share, inflation index, interest in an exchange 
traded fund, an exchange traded note, an exchange traded commodity or other exchange traded 
product (each an "exchange traded instrument"), commodity and/or commodity index, foreign 
exchange rate, fund, fund index and/or the credit of one or more reference entity or any combination 
thereof in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms (such Certificates, "Linked Premium 
Amount Certificates") and may be subject to a Maximum Premium Amount Rate, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(c) 
Each Certificate will pay the Premium Amount on each Premium Amount Payment Date provided 
that no Early Redemption Event or Event of Default has occurred on or prior to the Premium Amount 
Payment Date, and provided further that, if Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Premium Amount will be payable unless the Premium Amount 
Payment Date falls on or prior to the Automatic Early Redemption Date. 
(d) 
The Premium Amount shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement Currency 
(with half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention) provided that if Rounding Convention 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Premium Amount shall not be subject to rounding but Certificates of the 
same Series held by the same Holder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate 
Premium Amount in respect of such Certificates and the aggregate of such Premium Amounts will 
be rounded down to the nearest whole sub-unit of the Settlement Currency in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine. Such Premium Amount will be paid in accordance with 
Condition 6 (Payments and Physical Delivery). 
(e) 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Premium 
Amount Payment Date and (i) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which a Premium Amount Payment Date should occur or (ii) if any Premium Amount Payment Date

--- Page 775 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 775 - 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention 
specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Premium Amount Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Premium Amount Payment Date, 
as the case may be, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Premium Amount 
Payment Date, as the case may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Premium Amount Payment Date, as the case 
may be, shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(f) 
Definitions relating to Premium Amount(s): 
"Premium Amount" means, in respect of a Premium Amount Payment Date and a Certificate 
(i) 
in respect of Fixed Premium Amount Certificates, the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(ii) 
in respect of Variable Premium Amount Certificates, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis set out, in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Linked Premium Amount Certificates, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the Notional Amount x the Premium Amount Rate and, if a Day Count 
Fraction is specified in the applicable Final Terms, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
according with applicable market convention,  
in each case, if the resulting amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency, it will be converted 
into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Premium Amount Payment Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"Premium Amount Period" means the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
the first Premium Amount Payment Date and each following period from (and including) a Premium 
Amount Payment Date to (but excluding) the next occurring Premium Amount Payment Date. 
References in these Conditions to "Interest Valuation Time" or "Interest Valuation Date" will, in the 
case of Linked Premium Amount Certificates, be deemed to be references to "Premium Amount 
Valuation Time" or "Premium Amount Valuation Date", as applicable. 
(g) 
The Calculation Agent will cause each Premium Amount for each Premium Amount Payment Date 
to be notified to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable) (such notifications to occur no later than the Business Day following such 
determination), and (in the case of Certificates which are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of such stock exchange so require) Luxembourg Stock Exchange and, if applicable, to 
any other stock exchange on which the relevant Certificates are for the time being listed. In addition, 
the Calculation Agent shall publish or cause to be published such Premium Amount in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than 
the fifth Luxembourg Business Day thereafter.

--- Page 776 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 776 - 
(h) 
Where the Certificates are Variable Premium Amount Certificates and Linear Interpolation is 
specified as applicable in respect of a Premium Amount Period in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Premium Amount Rate for such Premium Amount Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), the 
FBF Rate (where FBF Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Premium Amount Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Premium Amount Period, 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means (i) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate or (ii) in relation to FBF Determination, the period of time specified 
in the relevant FBF Rate. 
(i) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Premium Amount Rate for any Premium Amount 
Period, then, in the event that the Premium Amount Rate in respect of such Premium Amount Period 
is less than such Minimum Premium Amount Rate, the Premium Amount Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be such Minimum Premium Amount Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Premium Amount Rate for any Premium Amount 
Period, then, in the event that the Premium Amount Rate in respect of such Premium Amount Period 
is greater than such Maximum Premium Amount Rate, the Premium Amount Rate for such Premium 
Amount Period shall be the Maximum Premium Amount Rate. 
6. 
Payments and Physical Delivery 
For the purposes of this Condition 6, references to payment or repayment (as the case may be) of 
principal and/or interest and other similar expressions will, where the context so admits, be deemed 
also to refer to physical delivery of any Entitlement.   
(a) 
Method of Payment
The "Cash Settlement Amount" shall be an amount (which may never be less than zero) to which 
the Holder of Certificates is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation to each such Certificate 
equal to the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Cash Settlement Amount (if any) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention, provided that if Rounding Convention 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall not be subject to rounding but 
Certificates of the same Series held by the same Holder of Certificates will be aggregated for the 
purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such Certificates and 
the aggregate of such Cash Settlement Amounts will be rounded down to the nearest whole sub-unit 
of the Settlement Currency in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine, provided that 
if the product of the Final Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable in respect of the relevant 
Certificate. 
If the Cash Settlement Amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms it will be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 777 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 777 - 
 (i) 
Registered Certificates
Payments of the Cash Settlement Amount (or, where Certificates are redeemable in instalments, the 
final instalment) in respect of each Registered Certificate (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the 
Warrant and Certificate Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account 
(as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Certificate 
appearing in the Register at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on 
the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date (in each case, the 
"Record Date"). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated 
Account or (ii) the aggregate Issue Price of the Certificates held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 
(or integral multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof) (or its approximate equivalent in any other 
Settlement Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Settlement Currency drawn 
on a Designated Bank (as defined below), provided that, any payment in CNY will be made solely 
by transfer to the Designated Account in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) of the holder (or the first 
named of joint holders) of the Registered Certificate appearing in the Register. For these purposes, 
"Designated Account" means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (i) (in the case of payment in a 
Settlement Currency other than euro or CNY) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such Settlement Currency;  (ii) (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes 
payments in euro; and (iii) (in the case of a payment in CNY) a bank in the CNY Settlement 
Centre(s). 
Payments of interest and, where Certificates are redeemable in instalments, each instalment (other 
than the final instalment) in respect of each Registered Certificate (whether or not in global form) 
will be made by a cheque in the Settlement Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed on 
the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately 
preceding the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Certificate appearing in the Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such 
fifteenth day is a business day) before the Record Date at his address shown in the Register on the 
Record Date and at his risk. Notwithstanding the foregoing, payment of the Interest Amount in CNY 
will be made solely by transfer to the Designated Account in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) of the 
holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Certificates in appearing in the Register. 
Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not less than three business 
days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the due date for any 
payment of interest in respect of a Registered Certificate, the payment may be made by transfer on 
the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for transfer 
shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on redemption) 
and instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect of the Registered Certificates 
which become payable to the holder who has made the initial application until such time as the 
Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. Payment of the interest due in respect 
of each Registered Certificate on redemption and the final instalment (if applicable) will be made in 
the same manner as payment of the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such Registered 
Certificate. 
Holders of Registered Certificates will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay 
in receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Certificate as a result of a cheque posted 
in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any

--- Page 778 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 778 - 
payments of the Cash Settlement Amount, any instalment (if applicable) or interest in respect of the 
Registered Certificates. 
Neither the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Trustee nor any of the Agents will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising 
or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
(ii) 
Global Certificates
Except in the case of Registered Certificates, payments of the Cash Settlement Amount, any 
instalments (if applicable) and interest (if any) in respect of Certificates represented by any Global 
Certificate will be made in the manner specified in the relevant Global Certificate against 
presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Certificate at the specified office of 
any Warrant and Certificate Agent outside of the United States. A record of each payment made on 
such Global Certificate, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of 
interest, will be made on such Global Certificate by the Warrant and Certificate Agent to which such 
Global Certificate is presented for the purpose of making such payment, and such record shall be 
prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made. 
If "CNY Payment Disruption Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
event that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, that a CNY Payment Disruption Event has occurred or is likely to occur and that such CNY 
Payment Disruption Event is material in relation to the Issuer's payment obligations under the 
Certificates in respect of any forthcoming Payment Date or other date on which any amount in 
respect of the Certificates shall be due and payable (each such date, an "Affected Payment Date"), 
then the Calculation Agent shall notify holders of the relevant Registered Certificates as soon as 
practicable of the occurrence of such CNY Payment Disruption Event in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices). 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "CNY Payment Disruption Event" is applicable to the 
Certificates, upon the occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption Event: 
(A) 
Postponement 
If "Postponement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then the Affected 
Payment Date shall be postponed until the earlier of (1) the second Business Day following 
the day on which such CNY Payment Disruption Event ceases to exist, and (2) the date 
falling 14 calendar days following the original date on which the Affected Payment Date 
was scheduled to fall (the "CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date") and notice thereof 
shall be given to the relevant holders of the Registered Certificates in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). For the avoidance of doubt, no amount of interest shall be payable 
in respect of any delay in payment of any amount(s) due to the adjustment of any Affected 
Payment Date. 
In the event that, pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Affected Payment Date is adjusted 
to fall on the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date and the Calculation Agent determines 
that a CNY Payment Disruption Event still exists on such day, then the Issuer shall make 
payment of the Equivalent Amount of the relevant Interest Amount, Cash Settlement 
Amount, Credit Event Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or such other amount 
payable (if applicable) on the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date and notice thereof 
shall be given to the relevant holders of the Registered Certificates in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). Any such payment made by the Issuer on the CNY Payment 
Disruption Cut-off Date shall be in full and final settlement of its obligations to pay such 
amount in respect of the Certificates.

--- Page 779 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 779 - 
(B) 
Payment of Equivalent Amount 
If "Payment of Equivalent Amount" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer shall, upon giving notice prior to the relevant Affected Payment Date to the 
holders of the Registered Certificates in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), make 
payment of the Equivalent Amount of the relevant Interest Amount, Cash Settlement 
Amount, Credit Event Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount or such other amount 
payable (if applicable) on the relevant Affected Payment Date. Any such payment made by 
the Issuer on an Affected Payment Date shall be in full and final settlement of its obligations 
to pay such amount in respect of the Certificates. 
For these purposes: 
"CNY" means Chinese Yuan or Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China 
(including any lawful successor currency to CNY). 
"CNY Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central 
bank) in the People's Republic of China, Hong Kong and any other CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
"CNY Payment Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
an event which makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or impractical 
for the Issuer to convert any amounts due and payable in CNY under the Certificates into 
or from the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency in the general CNY foreign exchange 
market in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), except where such impossibility or 
impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any CNY Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation 
is enacted after the relevant Trade Date and it is impossible or impractical for the Issuer, 
due to events beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation) (a "CNY 
Inconvertibility Event"). For the avoidance of doubt, the inability of the Issuer to convert 
CNY solely due to issues relating to its creditworthiness shall not constitute a CNY 
Inconvertibility Event; 
(b) 
an event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or impractical for 
the Issuer to deliver (i) CNY between accounts inside the relevant CNY Settlement 
Centre(s), or (ii) from an account inside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) to an 
account outside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) (including, if applicable, to another 
CNY Settlement Centre) and outside Mainland China, or (iii) from an account outside the 
relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) (including, if applicable, from an account inside another 
CNY Settlement Centre) and outside Mainland China to an account inside the relevant CNY 
Settlement Centre(s), except where such impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the 
failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any CNY 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant 
Trade Date and it is impossible or impractical for the Issuer, due to events beyond its control, 
to comply with such law, rule or regulation) (a "CNY Non-Transferability Event"); or 
(c) 
an event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or impractical for 
the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an offer price in respect of any amounts due and payable 
in CNY under the Certificates (either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable 
number of transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such amount) in the general 
CNY foreign exchange market in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) in order to perform 
its obligations under the Certificates (a "CNY Illiquidity Event"). For the avoidance of

--- Page 780 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 780 - 
doubt, the inability of the Issuer to obtain such firm quote solely due to issues relating to its 
creditworthiness shall not constitute a CNY Illiquidity Event. 
"CNY Settlement Centre" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, provided that, if no CNY Settlement 
Centre is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the CNY Settlement Centre will be Hong Kong. 
"Equivalent Amount" means, following the occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption Event and, 
in respect of the relevant Interest Amount, Cash Settlement Amount, Credit Event Redemption 
Amount, Instalment Amount or such other amount payable (if applicable) on the relevant Affected 
Payment Date or the relevant CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date, as the case may be (for these 
purposes, the "Relevant CNY Amount"), an amount in the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), 
by converting the Relevant CNY Amount into the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency at the 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Price for the relevant Affected Payment Date or the relevant CNY 
Payment Disruption Cut-off Date, as the case may be. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price" means, in respect of any relevant day, the spot rate of 
exchange between CNY and the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency appearing on the 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source at the Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time 
on such day (expressed as a number of units (or part units) of CNY for which one unit of the 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency can be exchanged), or if such rate is not available, the 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards)) as determined by the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer exchange rates for the 
conversion of CNY into the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency provided by two or more 
leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) at the Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation 
Time on such day. If fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and 
offer exchange rates for the conversion of CNY into the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency on 
such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source" means the price source specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, the time at which the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source publishes 
the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price. 
"impossible" or "impossibility", in relation to a CNY Payment Disruption Event, shall include (but 
shall not be limited to) any act which, if done or performed by the Issuer (or any affiliate of the 
Issuer) would be or would result in the breach of any applicable law, rule or regulation. 
"impractical" or "impracticality" means, in relation to a CNY Payment Disruption Event and, in 
respect of any action to be taken by the Issuer, that the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) would incur a 
materially increased amount of taxes, duties, expenses or fees (as compared with circumstances 
existing on the Trade Date) to perform such action. 
The holder of the relevant Global Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Certificates represented by such Global Certificate and the payment obligations of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records

--- Page 781 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 781 - 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular Notional Amount of 
Certificates must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for 
his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant 
Global Certificate. No person other than the holder of the relevant Global Certificate shall have any 
claim against the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) in respect of any payments due on that Global 
Certificate. 
Where the Certificates pay Premium Amount(s), subject as provided below, the Issuer, failing which, 
the Guarantor (if applicable), shall pay or cause to be paid the Premium Amount for each Certificate 
in respect of each Premium Amount Payment Date by credit or transfer to the Certificateholder's 
account with the relevant Clearing System for value on the relevant Premium Amount Payment Date, 
such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of such Clearing System. 
If any date for payment of any amount in respect of any Certificate is not a Payment Day, then the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due until the next following Payment 
Day and shall not be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of any such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 11 (Prescription)) 
is a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
each Financial Centre (other than the TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(B) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open. If the 
due date for redemption of any interest bearing Certificate in definitive form is not a due 
date for the payment of interest relating thereto, interest accrued in respect of such 
Certificate from (and including) the last preceding due date for the payment of interest (or 
from the Interest Commencement Date) will be paid against surrender of such Certificate. 
The names of the initial Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and the other initial Warrant and 
Certificate Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Warrant and Certificate Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Warrant and Certificate Agents and/or to approve any change in the specified 
office of any Warrant and Certificate Agent, provided that: 
(1) 
so long as any Certificates are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a 
Warrant and Certificate Agent and a Transfer Agent, which may be the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Certificates) with a specified office in the place required by the rules and 
regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and 
(2) 
there will at all times be a Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and a Registrar; and 
(3) 
the Issuer undertakes that it will ensure that it maintains a Warrant and Certificate Agent. 
Payments in respect of the Certificates will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 10. 
(iii) 
FX Settlement Disruption 
If the Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms is a Relevant Currency, FX 
Settlement Disruption will apply, and: 
(A) 
if, on the second Business Day prior to the Disrupted Payment Date, the Calculation 
Agent (in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines that a

--- Page 782 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 782 - 
FX Settlement Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting, the Issuer shall give 
notice (a "FX Settlement Disruption Notice") to the Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter and, in any event, prior to the relevant Disrupted Payment Date; 
(B) 
following the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event: 
(1) 
the date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount will be postponed 
to (i) the second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a FX Settlement Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting or if earlier (ii) the date falling thirty calendar days following 
the scheduled due date for payment of the relevant Disrupted Amount (the 
"FX Settlement Disruption Cut-off Date") which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, may be later than the scheduled Redemption Date; and 
(2) 
(i) in the case of (1)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted 
Amount, less FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in the 
Settlement Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or, (ii) in the 
case of (1)(ii) above, in lieu of paying the relevant Disrupted Amount in 
the relevant Settlement Currency, the Issuer will, subject to sub-paragraph 
(C) below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount into the FX Settlement 
Disruption Currency (using the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate 
for the relevant Disrupted Payment Date) and will pay the relevant 
Disrupted Amount, less FX Settlement Disruption Expenses (if any), in 
the FX Settlement Disruption Currency on the FX Settlement Disruption 
Cut-off Date; 
(C) 
if sub-paragraph (B)(1)(ii) applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the FX 
Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner in accordance with the following procedures: 
(1) 
the FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the 
bid and offer Settlement Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
exchange rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign 
exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on such day; or 
(2) 
if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid 
and offer Settlement Currency/FX Settlement Disruption Currency 
exchange rates on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the FX 
Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner; 
(D) 
this Condition 6(a)(iii) shall not apply to Dual Currency Linked Interest 
Certificates; 
(E) 
for the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the 
postponement of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition 6(a)(iii), and no 
additional interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for 
payment;  
(F) 
for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in this Condition 6(a)(iii) shall 
prevent the Issuer from determining that an Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event has occurred, in which case, the provisions

--- Page 783 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 783 - 
of Condition 8(o) shall prevail in the event of any conflict between this Condition 
6(a)(iii) and Condition 8(o); 
(G) 
For these purposes: 
"Disrupted Amount" means the relevant Interest Amount, Final Redemption 
Amount or such other amount payable (if any);  
"Disrupted Payment Date" means the due date for payment of the relevant Interest 
Amount, Final Redemption Amount or such other amount payable (if any); 
"FX Settlement Disruption Currency" means US dollars ("USD");  
"FX Settlement Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which 
makes it unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable to pay any Disrupted 
Amount in the Settlement Currency on the scheduled due date for payment; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between 
the Settlement Currency (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the FX 
Settlement Disruption Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) above; 
"FX Settlement Disruption Expenses" means the sum of (i) the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the 
Certificates and (ii) any transaction, settlement or other costs and expenses arising 
directly out of the occurrence of a FX Settlement Disruption Event or the related 
payment of the Disrupted Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent  in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
"Relevant Currency" means each of Emirati Dirhams ("AED"), Argentinian 
Pesos ("ARS"), Australian Dollars ("AUD"), Bermudan Dollars ("BMD"), 
Bulgarian Leva ("BGN"), Bahraini Dinars ("BHD"), Botswana Pula ("BWP"), 
Brazilian Reais ("BRL"), Canadian Dollars ("CAD"), Swiss Francs ("CHF"), 
Chilean Pesos ("CLP"), Czech Koruna ("CZK"), Danish Kroner ("DKK"), Euro 
("EUR"), Great British Pounds ("GBP"), Ghanaian Cedis ("GHS"), Hong Kong 
Dollars ("HKD"), Croatian Kuna ("KRJ"), Hungarian Forints ("HUF"), 
Indonesian Rupiah ("IDR"), Israeli Shekels ("ILS"), Icelandic Krónur ("ISK"), 
Jordanian Dinars ("JOD"), Japanese Yen ("JPY"), Kenyan Shillings ("KES"), 
Kuwaiti Dinars ("KWD"), Kazakhstani Tenges ("KZT"), Lebanese Pounds 
("LBP"), Moroccan Dirhams ("MAD"), Mauritian Rupees ("MUR"), Mexican 
Pesos ("MXN"), Malaysian Ringgits ("MYR"), Namibian Dollars ("NAD"), 
Nigerian Naira ("NGN"), Norwegian Kroner ("NOK"), New Zealand Dollars 
("NZD"), Omani Riyals ("OMR"), Peruvian Nuevos Soles ("PEN"), Philippine 
Pesos ("PHP"), Polish Zloty ("PLN"), Qatari Riyals ("QAR"), Romanian Lei 
("RON"), Russian Roubles ("RUB"), Saudi Riyals ("SAR"), Swedish Kronor 
("SEK"), Singaporean Dollars ("SGD"), Thai Baht ("THB"), Tunisian Dinars 
("TND"), Turkish Lire ("TRY"), United States Dollars ("USD") and South African 
Rand ("ZAR").

--- Page 784 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 784 - 
(b) 
Physical Delivery
(i) 
Physical Delivery
(A) 
Asset Transfer Notices
In relation to Certificates (x) to be redeemed by delivery or (in the case of Credit 
Linked Certificates) Delivery of the Entitlement(s) or (y) in respect of which 
Physical Settlement upon Physical Delivery Event is specified to be applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and a Physical Delivery Event has been determined to 
have occurred in accordance with Condition 8(w) or (z) in respect of which Physical 
Settlement upon an Acceleration is applicable and the Compartment Security is to 
be enforced in accordance with Condition 14, in order to obtain delivery or Delivery 
of the Entitlement in respect of any Certificate, the relevant Certificateholder must: 
(1) 
if such Certificate is represented by a Global Certificate, the relevant 
Certificateholder must deliver to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(as applicable), with a copy to the Warrant and Certificate Agent and any 
entity appointed by the Issuer to deliver or Deliver, as the case may be, the 
Entitlement on its behalf (the "Delivery Agent") not later than the close of 
business in each place of reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed 
asset transfer notice (an "Asset Transfer Notice") in the form set out in 
the Agency Agreement; and 
(2) 
if such Certificate is in definitive form, the relevant Certificateholder must 
deliver to the Registrar or any Warrant and Certificate Agent, with a copy 
to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and the Delivery Agent (as 
defined above) not later than the close of business in each place of 
reception on the Cut-Off Date, a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice in 
the form set out in the Agency Agreement. 
For the purposes hereof, "Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or if not so specified (a) in respect of a Certificate that is not 
a Credit Linked Certificate, (i) if SPS Accumulator AER Payout is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms the third Business Day immediately 
preceding the Final Redemption Date or (ii) if SPS Accumulator AER Payout is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the third Business Day 
preceding the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date in respect of which an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event has occurred or (b) in respect of Credit Linked 
Certificates, the third Business Day immediately preceding the Physical Settlement 
Date (or, if earlier, the tenth Business Day following the NOPS Effective Date of 
the Notice of Physical Settlement) (each as defined in Annex 10 (Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities) (the "Credit Linked Conditions")) 
and "Entitlement" means (i) the quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) equal to the 
Entitlement Amount specified in its Final Terms, (ii) following the occurrence of a 
Physical Delivery Event or Physical Delivery Early Redemption Event, shall have 
the meaning given to it in Condition 8(w) or (iii) following the occurrence of a 
Certificate Acceleration where Condition 14(b) is applicable, the Enforcement 
Entitlement determined in accordance with Condition 14(b).  
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours 
from the specified office of the Registrar or any Warrant and Certificate Agent. 
An Asset Transfer Notice may only be delivered (I) if such Certificate is represented 
by a Global Certificate, in such manner as is acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream,

--- Page 785 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 785 - 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, or (II) if such Certificate is in definitive form, in 
writing. 
If this Certificate is in definitive form, this Certificate must be delivered together 
with the duly completed Asset Transfer Notice. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(aa) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant 
Certificateholder and the person from whom the Issuer or Delivery Agent 
may obtain details for the delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement; 
(bb) 
specify the series number of the Certificates and the number of Certificates 
which are the subject of such notice; 
(cc) 
in the case of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate, specify the 
number of Certificates which are the subject of such notice and the number 
of the Certificateholder's account at the relevant Clearing System to be 
debited with such Certificates and irrevocably instruct and authorise the 
relevant Clearing System to debit the relevant Certificateholder's account 
with such Certificates on or before the Delivery Date or (in the case of 
Credit Linked Certificates) the Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit 
Linked Conditions); 
(dd) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and, in the case of Certificates 
represented by a Global Certificate, an authority to the relevant Clearing 
System to debit a specified account with the relevant Clearing System in 
respect thereof and to pay such Expenses; 
(ee) 
include such details as are required for delivery or Delivery of the 
Entitlement which may include account details and/or the name and 
address of any person(s) into whose name evidence of the Entitlement is 
to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents 
evidencing the Entitlement are to be delivered or Delivered and specify 
the name and number of the Certificateholder's account to be credited with 
any cash payable by the Issuer, including pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 4, in respect of any cash amount constituting the Entitlement or 
any dividends relating to the Entitlement or as a result of the occurrence 
of a Settlement Disruption Event or a Failure to Deliver and the Issuer 
(following a notification to such effect from the Calculation Agent) 
electing to pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or Failure to 
Deliver Redemption Amount, as applicable, or as a result of the Issuer 
(following a notification to such effect from the Calculation Agent) 
electing to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount; 
(ff) 
certify that the beneficial owner of each Certificate is not a U.S. person (as 
defined in the Asset Transfer Notice), the Certificate is not being redeemed 
within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, 
securities or other property have been or will be delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in 
connection with any redemption thereof or following a Physical Delivery 
Event (where applicable), or enforcement of the Compartment Security in 
accordance with Condition 14(b), as the case may be; and

--- Page 786 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 786 - 
(gg) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
If Condition 6(b)(ii) (Variation of Settlement) applies, the form of Asset Transfer 
Notice required to be delivered will be different from that set out above. Copies of 
such Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained from the Registrar or any Warrant and 
Certificate Agent. 
(B) 
Verification of the Certificateholder
In the case of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate, upon receipt of an 
Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Clearing System shall verify that the person 
delivering the Asset Transfer Notice is the holder of the Certificates described 
therein according to its records. Subject thereto, the relevant Clearing System will 
confirm to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent the series number and 
number of Certificates the subject of such notice, the relevant account details and 
the details for the delivery of the Entitlement of each Certificate. Upon receipt of 
such confirmation, the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent will inform the 
Issuer and any Delivery Agent thereof. The relevant Clearing System will on or 
before the Delivery Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Certificates) the Delivery 
Date (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), as the case may be, debit the 
securities account of the relevant Certificateholder with the relevant Certificates. 
(C) 
Determinations and Delivery
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and in 
proper form shall be made, in the case of Certificates represented by a Global 
Certificate, by the relevant Clearing System or, in the case of Certificates in 
definitive form, by the Registrar, or in each case in consultation with the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent, and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if applicable), the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent(s), any 
Delivery Agent and the relevant Certificateholder. Subject as set out below, any 
Asset Transfer Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or 
which is not copied to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and any Delivery 
Agent immediately after being delivered or sent as provided in paragraph (A) 
above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of, in the 
case of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate, the relevant Clearing 
System, or, in the case of Certificates in definitive form, by the Registrar, or in each 
case in consultation with the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, it shall be 
deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time such correction 
was delivered as provided above. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the relevant 
Clearing System, the Registrar or any Warrant and Certificate Agent, as provided 
above. After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant Certificateholder 
may not transfer the Certificates which are the subject of such notice. 
The Entitlement will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Certificateholder, in the 
manner provided below on the date fixed for redemption  or, in the case where 
delivery of the Entitlement results from the occurrence of a Physical Delivery 
Event, the Unwind Date notified to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition

--- Page 787 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 787 - 
19 (Notices) or the date notified to Certificateholders accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) in accordance with Condition 14(b) (such date, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with this Condition, the "Delivery Date") or in the case of Credit 
Linked Certificates Delivered at the risk of the relevant Certificateholder, in the 
manner provided below on the Delivery Date (as defined in the Credit Linked 
Conditions), provided that the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered as provided 
above on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
If a Certificateholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein with 
a copy to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and the Delivery Agent, on 
or prior to the Cut-Off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered or, as the case 
may be, Delivered as soon as practicable after the date fixed for redemption (in 
which case, such date of delivery shall be the Delivery Date) or (in the case of Credit 
Linked Certificates or following a Physical Delivery Event or a Certificate 
Acceleration where Condition 14(b) is applicable) the original date fixed for 
delivery at the risk of such Certificateholder in the manner provided below. For the 
avoidance of doubt, in such circumstances such Certificateholder shall not be 
entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, as a result of such 
Delivery Date falling after the date fixed for redemption or the original date fixed 
for delivery, as applicable and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (if applicable), if any. 
The Issuer (or any Delivery Agent on its behalf) shall at the risk of the relevant 
Certificateholder, deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement for each 
Certificate or (in the case of Credit Linked Certificates) Deliver the Deliverable 
Obligations, obligations and/or other assets comprising the Entitlement, pursuant to 
the details specified in the Asset Transfer Notice or in such commercially 
reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent shall acting in good faith determine 
and notify to the person designated by the Certificateholder in the relevant Asset 
Transfer Notice. All costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses including stamp duty, 
stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes ("Expenses") arising from 
the delivery of the Entitlement or the Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations, 
obligations and/or other assets comprising the Entitlement, as the case may be, in 
respect of such Certificates shall be for the account of the relevant Certificateholder 
and no delivery of the Entitlement or the Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations, 
obligations and/or other assets comprising the Entitlement, as the case may be, shall 
be made until all Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer by the 
relevant Certificateholder. 
(D) 
General
If Aggregation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Certificates 
held by the same Certificateholder will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Certificates, provided 
that, the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Certificateholder will be 
rounded down to the nearest whole unit of the Relevant Asset or each of the 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine. Therefore, fractions of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant 
Assets, as the case may be, will not be delivered and in lieu thereof a cash 
adjustment calculated by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner shall be paid to the Certificateholder. 
Following the Delivery Date of a Share all dividends on the relevant Shares to be 
delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend according

--- Page 788 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 788 - 
to market practice for a sale of the Shares executed on the Delivery Date and to be 
delivered in the same manner as such relevant Shares. Any such dividends to be 
paid to a Certificateholder will be paid to the account specified by the 
Certificateholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to in Condition 
6(b)(i)(A) (Asset Transfer Notices). 
For such period of time after delivery or Delivery of the Entitlement as the Issuer 
or any person acting on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of 
the securities or Deliverable Obligations, obligations and/or other assets comprising 
the Entitlement (the "Intervening Period"), none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Warrant and Certificate Agents, the Registrar, any Delivery Agent 
or any other person shall at any time (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure 
delivery to any Certificateholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other 
document or, except as provided herein, payment whatsoever received by that 
person in respect of such securities, obligations, assets or Deliverable Obligations, 
(ii) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights 
attaching to such securities, obligations, assets or Deliverable Obligations or (iii) 
be under any liability to a Certificateholder in respect of any loss or damage which 
such Certificateholder may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or 
indirectly, of that person being registered during such Intervening Period as legal 
owner of such securities, obligations, assets or Deliverable Obligations. 
(E) 
Settlement Disruption
The provisions of this Condition 6(b)(i)(E) apply to Certificates other than Credit 
Linked Certificates or where Condition 14(b) is applicable and the Enforcement 
Entitlement is to be delivered following a Certificate Acceleration. 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement in such 
commercially reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is not 
practicable by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having 
occurred and continuing on the Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date shall be 
postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in respect of which there 
is no such Settlement Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer may elect to satisfy 
its obligations in respect of the relevant Certificate by delivering the Entitlement 
using such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event 
the Delivery Date shall be such day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection 
with delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner. For 
the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not 
all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the 
Relevant Assets not affected by the will be the originally designated Delivery Date. 
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a 
Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer may elect to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of the relevant Certificate by payment to the relevant 
Certificateholder of the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined below) 
on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election is given to 
the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). Payment of the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). The 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Certificateholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event has 
occurred. No Certificateholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the 
relevant Certificate in the event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due

--- Page 789 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 789 - 
to the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof 
shall attach to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount", in respect of any relevant Certificate, 
shall be the fair market value of such Certificate (taking into account, where the 
Settlement Disruption Event affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement and such non affected Relevant Assets have been duly 
delivered as provided above, the value of such Relevant Assets), less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost 
to the Swap Counterparty and/or its affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as the case 
may be, as a result of which the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable), as the case 
may be, cannot make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Relevant Asset" means the Relevant Asset specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or, where applicable, as set out in Condition 8(w)(iv). 
(F) 
Additional Provisions for Credit Linked Certificates
In the case of Credit Linked Certificates, the provisions contained in Annex 10 – 
(Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities) will apply. 
(ii) 
Variation of Settlement
(A) 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the Issuer has an option to vary 
settlement in respect of the Certificates, the Issuer may, at its sole and unfettered 
discretion in respect of each such Certificate, elect not to pay the relevant 
Certificateholders the Cash Settlement Amount or to deliver or procure delivery of 
the Entitlement to the relevant Certificateholders, as the case may be, but, in lieu 
thereof to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement or make payment of the 
Cash Settlement Amount on the Redemption Date to the relevant 
Certificateholders, as the case may be. Notification of such election will be given 
to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(B) 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, in respect of each 
Certificate, in lieu of delivering or procuring the delivery of the Entitlement to the 
relevant Certificateholders, make payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the 
Redemption Date to the relevant Certificateholders. 
(iii) 
Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
Unless Issuer's Option to Substitute Assets is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, following a valid redemption of Certificates in accordance with these 
Conditions, the Issuer may, in respect of such Certificates, if the Calculation Agent 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) that the Relevant

--- Page 790 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 790 - 
Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises shares which are not freely 
tradeable, elect either (A) to substitute for the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the 
case may be, an equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation Agent acting  in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) of such other shares which the Calculation 
Agent determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, are freely 
tradeable (the "Substitute Asset" or the "Substitute Assets", as the case may be) or (B) not 
to deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement or the Substitute Asset or Substitute 
Assets, as the case may be, to the relevant Certificateholders, but in lieu thereof to make 
payment to the relevant Certificateholder on the Delivery Date of an amount equal to the 
fair market value as determined by the Calculation Agent (unless otherwise specified) (the 
"fair market value") of the Entitlement on the Valuation Date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by 
reference to such sources as it considers appropriate (the "Alternate Cash Redemption 
Amount"). Notification of any such election will be given to Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and in the event that the Issuer elects to pay the 
Alternate Cash Redemption Amount such notice shall give details of the manner in which 
such amount shall be paid. 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradeable" share shall mean (i) with respect to the United 
States, a share which is registered under the Securities Act or not restricted under the 
Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such share and not purchased 
from an affiliate of the issuer of such share or which otherwise meets the requirements of a 
freely tradeable share for purposes of the Securities Act, in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner or (ii) with 
respect to any other jurisdiction, a share not subject to any legal restrictions on transfer in 
such jurisdiction. 
(iv) 
Rights of Certificateholders and Calculations
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, any 
Delivery Agent and the Agents shall have any responsibility for any errors or omissions (to 
the extent permitted by any applicable law) in any calculation or determination in respect of 
the Certificates. 
The purchase of Certificates does not confer on any holder of such Certificates any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
(c) 
Currency unavailability
This Condition shall apply when payment is due to be made in respect of any Certificate in the 
Specified Currency (other than where the Specified Currency is euro) and the Specified Currency is 
not available to the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) due to the imposition of exchange controls, 
the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or other circumstances beyond the control of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) ("Currency Unavailability").  In the event of Currency 
Unavailability, the Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) will be entitled to satisfy its obligations to 
the holder of such Certificate by making payment in euro on the basis of the spot exchange rate at 
which the Specified Currency is offered in exchange for euro in an appropriate inter-bank market at 
noon, Paris time, four Business Days prior to the date on which payment is due or, if such spot 
exchange rate is not available on that date, as of the most recent prior practicable date.  Any payment 
made in euro in accordance with this paragraph will not constitute an Event of Default. 
(d) 
FX Disruption Event 
If (x) FX Settlement Disruption Event Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, this Condition 6(d) will only apply if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent,

--- Page 791 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 791 - 
the FX Disruption Event is not attributable to the Issuer, but substantially alters the economics of 
the Certificates compared to the economics as of the Issue Date or (y) FX Settlement Disruption 
Event Determination is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, this Condition 6(d) 
will apply. 
(i) 
If on (A) any Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date or (B) (other than in 
the case of a FX Disruption Event which is a Dual Exchange Rate Event, Illiquidity 
Disruption or an Unscheduled Holiday) if a Specified Exchange Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the second Business Day prior to the due date for payment of any 
amount calculated using such Specified Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent determines 
that a FX Disruption Event has occurred and is subsisting it will give notice (an "FX 
Disruption Notice") to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter and, in any event, prior to the relevant due date for 
payment of the relevant amount to be calculated using such Settlement Currency Exchange 
Rate or Specified Exchange Rate, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of a FX Disruption Event: 
(A) 
the date for payment of the relevant amount to be calculated using the Settlement 
Currency Exchange Rate or Specified Exchange Rate, as applicable, will be 
postponed to the earlier of (1) the second Business Day following the date on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that a FX Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting or (2)  the day falling thirty (30) calendar days following the scheduled 
due date for payment of such amount (the "Postponed DE Payment Date") which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the scheduled Redemption Date; and 
(B) 
(1) in the case of (A)(1) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant amount in the 
Settlement Currency on the Postponed DE Payment Date or (2) in the case of (A)(2) 
above, subject to paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) below, in lieu of paying the relevant 
amount in the Settlement Currency, the Issuer will pay the relevant unconverted 
amount in the Specified Currency (each a "Specified Currency Amount") on the 
Postponed DE Payment Date. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer elects to pay the Specified Currency Amount as provided in paragraph (ii)(B) 
above it may (but is not obliged to) give notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (an "Issuer Account Information Notice") requesting from each 
Certificateholder such information as it deems appropriate in order to pay the Specified 
Currency Amount to such Certificateholder (including, inter alios, account information into 
which in the determination of the Calculation Agent the Specified Currency Amount may 
be paid). Upon receipt of an Issuer Account Information Notice, each Certificateholder must 
deliver to the Calculation Agent in accordance with paragraph (vi) below with a copy to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent a notice (a "Certificateholder Account Information Notice") 
not later than 20 calendar days following receipt of the Issuer Account Information Notice 
(the "Account Information Cut-off Date") specifying details of an account in which, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the relevant Specified Currency Amount may 
be paid.  If any Certificateholder fails to deliver a valid Certificateholder Account 
Information Notice by the Account Information Cut-off Date, the Issuer will pay or cause 
to be paid the relevant Specified Currency Amount as soon as practicable following receipt 
of the relevant Certificateholder Account Information Notice, provided that if any 
Certificateholder fails to deliver a Certificateholder Account Information Notice prior to the 
fortieth calendar day following deemed receipt of the Issuer Account Information Notice, 
then the Issuer shall be discharged from its obligation to pay to such Certificateholder the 
Specified Currency Amount and shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in 
respect thereof.

--- Page 792 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 792 - 
(iv) 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that it is unlawful, impossible or 
otherwise impracticable to pay any Specified Currency Amount (other than as a result of 
the failure to deliver a Certificateholder Account Information Notice, if applicable) on the 
due date for payment thereof (a "Non-Transferability Event"), the Issuer shall notify the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 that such due date for payment has been 
postponed until the first date on which in the opinion of the Calculation Agent the relevant 
Non-Transferability Event is no longer subsisting. 
(v) 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above, the Calculation Agent acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner may make such adjustment to the Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms as it determines to be necessary or desirable to reflect or account for 
any market practice that develops in respect of the relevant FX Disruption Event. 
Upon the Calculation Agent making such adjustment and notifying the Issuer of the relevant 
adjustment, the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 stating the adjustment to the Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(vi) 
Any Certificateholder Account Information Notice from a Certificateholder to the 
Calculation Agent will be validly given if delivered in writing to the Calculation Agent at 
the address specified for such purposes in the applicable Final Terms.  Any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the day when delivered or if delivered after 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on any day or on any day on which commercial banks were not open for 
business in London, the first day thereafter on which commercial banks are open for 
business in London.  The relevant Certificateholder must provide satisfactory evidence to 
the Calculation Agent of its holding of the relevant Certificates. 
(vii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Interest Period will be adjusted as a result of the 
postponement of any interest payment pursuant to this Condition 6(d), and no additional 
interest will be paid in respect of any postponement of the date for payment. 
(viii) 
For these purposes "FX Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following 
events: 
(A) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(B) 
a Dual Exchange Rate Event; 
(C) 
an Illiquidity Disruption; or 
(D) 
an Unscheduled Holiday.  
Where: 
"Dual Exchange Rate Event" means, with respect to any Settlement Currency 
Exchange Rate that the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate or any component rate 
of exchange thereof splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means, in relation to a Settlement Currency Exchange 
Rate, the occurrence of an event on a Settlement Currency Exchange Rate 
Observation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Settlement 
Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source) which makes it impossible to 
obtain a firm quote of the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate for an amount to be 
determined by the Calculation Agent (either in one transaction or a commercially

--- Page 793 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 793 - 
reasonable number of transactions that, when taken together, total such amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Inconvertibility Event" means the occurrence of any event or existence of any 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or 
has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of the 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (1) to convert the Specified Currency into the 
Settlement Currency through customary legal channels; (2) to effect currency 
transactions on terms as favourable as those available to residents of the Reference 
Jurisdiction; or (3) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate funds (in the 
Specified Currency or the Settlement Currency) from accounts inside the Reference 
Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts 
inside the Reference Jurisdiction. 
"Reference Jurisdiction" means the jurisdiction specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Unscheduled Holiday" means, in respect of any Settlement Currency Exchange 
Rate Observation Date, any date on which such date is not a Business Day and the 
market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by 
reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 9.00 a.m. 
local time in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency or Settlement 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency or Settlement Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively) two 
Business Days prior to such day. 
(e) 
Settlement Currency 
Subject as provided herein, the Settlement Currency in respect of the Securities will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  If the Securities are Currency Linked Certificates and Dual Currency 
Certificates is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Currency in 
respect of the Cash Settlement Amount and (if Dual Currency Certificate Condition 1 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms) the payment of any Interest Amount or Premium Amount 
will be determined in accordance with Currency Linked Condition 7 ("Dual Currency 
Certificates"). 
7. 
Illegality and Force Majeure 
(a) 
Illegality
If the Calculation Agent determines that the performance of the Issuer's obligations under the 
Certificates has become illegal in whole or in part for any reason, the Calculation Agent may notify 
the Issuer and the Issuer shall redeem all but not some only of the Certificates by giving notice to 
the Certficateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), provided that, if such illegality also 
constitutes a force majeure, the provisions of Condition 8(v) will apply. 
If the Issuer redeems the Certificates then the Issuer will, if and to the extent permitted by applicable 
law:  
(i) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer pay to 
each Certificateholder an amount in respect of each Certificate held by such 
Certificateholder calculated and paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 
8(e)(ix);

--- Page 794 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 794 - 
(ii) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer pay to 
each Certificateholder an amount in respect of each Certificate held by such 
Certificateholder calculated and paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 
8(e)(x); 
(iii) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
pay to each Certificateholder an amount in respect of each Certificate held by such 
Certificateholder calculated and paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 
8(e)(xi); or 
(iv) 
if Annex ERE is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, redeem each 
Certificate by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with Condition 8(e) (or, where Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Notional Value Repack Securities) applies, Collateral Linked Condition 1) and for the 
purposes of determining the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 8(e) 
(or Collateral Linked Condition 1, as the case may be), it shall be deemed that an Annex 
Early Redemption Event has occurred, payment being made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
(b)
Force majeure
If the Calculation Agent determines that by reason of force majeure or act of state occurring after 
the Trade Date it becomes impossible for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Certificates, 
it may notify the Issuer and may either (i) take the action described in Condition 8(o)(B)(a) or, if 
applicable, (c) or (d) (save that references to "Additional Disruption Event" and/or "Optional 
Additional Disruption Event", as applicable will be deemed to be references to "force majeure") or 
(ii) request the Issuer to redeem all, but not some only, of the Certificates and shall give notice of 
redemption to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
If the Issuer redeems the Certificates then the Issuer will: 
(A) 
if ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, pay an amount to each Certificateholder equal to the Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 8(e)(vii) as if ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind 
Costs were applicable which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Certificate, 
taking into account such force majeure or act of state, provided that no account will be taken 
of costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem the Certificates at their 
fair market value) and no such costs shall be deducted; or 
(B) 
if Annex ERE is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if and to the extent 
possible or practicable redeem all but not some only of the Certificates, each Certificate 
being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 8(e) (or, where Annex 12 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Notional Value Repack Securities) applies, Collateral Linked Condition 1). 
For the purposes of determining the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Condition 8(e) (or Collateral Linked Condition 1, as the case may be), it shall be deemed 
that an Annex Early Redemption Event has occurred. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Certificateholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices).
8. 
Redemption, Purchases and Cancellation

--- Page 795 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 795 - 
(a) 
General
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below and provided that no 
Early Redemption Event or Event of Default has occurred on or prior to the Redemption Date, each 
Certificate will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case only of Physical Delivery Certificates to which Physical Settlement is 
applicable, where the applicable Final Terms specifies that such Certificates will be redeemed by 
payment and/or delivery of a physical delivery of the Entitlement by the payment and the delivery 
of the Entitlement in the relevant Specified Currency on the Redemption Date or, in the case of a 
Credit Linked Certificate, at the relevant amount and/or by delivery as specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions.   
The "Final Redemption Amount" shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to 
the Final Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that (i) if the Certificates are Dual 
Currency Redemption Certificates, the product of the Final Payout will be converted into the 
Settlement Currency as provided in Condition 8(u) below and (ii) if the product of the Final Payout 
is zero, no amount shall be payable on final redemption of the Certificate. 
The "Entitlement" shall be the quantity of the Relevant Asset(s) equal to the Entitlement Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or as set out in Condition 6(b)(i) or in the case of a Credit 
Linked Certificate, the relevant obligations and/or other assets as specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
Certificates which may either be Cash Settled Certificates or Physical Delivery Certificates, 
depending on whether certain conditions are met, will be redeemed either (i) by payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount or (ii) subject as provided in Condition 6, by delivery of the Entitlement, 
(b) 
Final Terms
The Final Terms applicable to the Certificates indicate either:  
(i) 
that the Certificates cannot be redeemed prior to their Redemption Date (except as otherwise 
provided in paragraphs (f), (k), (l), (m) and (s) below and in Condition 12 (Events of 
Default)); or  
(ii) 
that such Certificates will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Certificateholders prior to such Redemption Date in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraphs (c) and/or (d) below on the date or dates and at the amount or amounts indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms.    
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer
If Issuer Call Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, unless the Certificates 
have previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled or (if Certificateholder Put Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice has been given to the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 8(d), the Issuer may, having given notice (the period of which shall not be less than the 
minimum nor more than the maximum specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with 
Condition 19  (Notices), to the Certificateholders (with a copy to the Trustee) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Certificates then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) each as specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date(s).  Any such redemption must 
be of a notional amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the 
Maximum Redemption Amount, both as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 796 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 796 - 
The "Optional Redemption Amount" in respect of each Certificate shall be an amount calculated 
in the Settlement Currency by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(i) Notional Amount x the percentage or (ii) the Call Payout as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms,  
Provided that (i) if the product of the Call Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption 
of such Certificate and (ii) if the Optional Redemption Amount is not an amount in the Settlement 
Currency, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into the Settlement Currency 
at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Certificates, the Certificates to be redeemed will be selected 
individually by lot (in the case of Certificates represented by Certificates in definitive form) and in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg in the case of Certificates 
represented by a global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to 
be reflected in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in notional amount, at their discretion) and in accordance with the rules of the relevant 
securities depositary and any relevant provisions in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of 
Registered Certificates), in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
(the "Selection Date").  In the case of Certificates represented by Certificates in definitive form, a 
list of the serial numbers of such Certificates will be published in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  
In respect of any Certificate, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 8(c) shall be 
void and of no effect in relation to that Certificate in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice 
by the Issuer, the holder of such Certificate had already delivered a Put Notice (as defined in 
Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders) below) in relation to that 
Certificate in accordance with Condition 8(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders).  
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Certificateholders 
Unless the Certificates have previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled or (if Issuer Call 
Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice has been given to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 8(c), Certificateholder Put Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, upon the holder of any Certificate giving notice to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices) (the period of which shall not be less than the minimum nor more than the maximum 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, in 
whole (but not in part), such Certificate on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if applicable, with interest 
accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date. It may be that before an option to require 
the Issuer to redeem any Certificate can be exercised, certain conditions and/or circumstances will 
need to be satisfied.  
The "Optional Redemption Amount" in respect of each Certificate shall be an amount in the 
Settlement Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
(i) Notional Amount x the percentage or (ii) the Put Payout, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
Provided that (i) if the product of the Put Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption 
of such Certificate and (ii) if the Optional Redemption Amount is not an amount in the Settlement 
Currency, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into the Settlement Currency 
at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms..

--- Page 797 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 797 - 
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Certificate, the holder of such Certificate must, if 
the Certificate is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of the Registrar at any time during normal business hours of the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of the Registrar (a "Put Notice") 
and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, 
an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 8(d) and, in the case of Registered 
Certificates, the notional amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full notional amount of 
the Registered Certificates so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered 
Certificate in respect of the balance of such Registered Certificates is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 1 (Type, title and transfer).  If this Certificate is in 
definitive form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Certificate or evidence satisfactory to 
the Registrar that this Certificate will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to the order or 
under its control.  If the Certificate is represented by a global Certificate or is in definitive form and 
held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
the Certificate the holder of the Certificate must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his instruction 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if the Certificate is represented by a global 
Certificate, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant global Certificate to 
the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent for notation accordingly.   
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Certificate pursuant to this paragraph (d) shall be:  
(i) 
irrevocable except where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default has 
occurred and the Trustee has declared the Certificates to be due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 12 (Events of Default), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by 
notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph (d); and  
(ii) 
void and of no effect in relation to such Certificate in the event that, prior to the giving of 
such Put Notice by the relevant holder (A) such Certificate constituted a Redeemed 
Certificate, or (B) the Issuer had notified the Certificateholders of its intention to redeem all 
of the Certificates then outstanding, in each case pursuant to Condition 8(c) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer).   
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purposes of paragraphs (f), (l) and (m) below and Condition 12 (Events of Default) (other 
than where Reference Securities Impossibility Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and a Reference Securities Impossibility Event has occurred), the Final Terms may specify 
that the Certificates will be redeemed at the "Early Redemption Amount" calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following (or may specify an alternative calculation 
method) (provided that the Final Terms may specify more than one of the following amounts to 
apply in the applicable Final Terms in respect of different Early Redemption Events): 
(i) 
in the case of Certificates with a Cash Settlement Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Cash Settlement Amount thereof; or  
(ii) 
subject to Condition 8(e)(iv) and 8(e)(v) in the case of a Certificate with a Cash Settlement 
Amount or interest, coupon, premium or other interim payment which is linked to an index, 
a formula or other Underlying Reference, at the percentage of the Calculation Amount

--- Page 798 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 798 - 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if "Market Value less Costs" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms at the fair market value of the Certificate less associated costs; or  
(iii) 
in the case of Certificates to which Physical Settlement is applicable, as determined in the 
manner specified in the applicable Final Terms; or  
(iv) 
if Liquidation Proceeds is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Issuer shall appoint an agent to sell or otherwise realise the Charged Assets 
(the "Disposal Agent") which shall be the Calculation Agent (or such other party as may 
be agreed by the Issuer and the Trustee provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Disposal Agent may not be the Issuer) and the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Certificate shall be the pro rata share of the Liquidation Proceeds. "Liquidation Proceeds" 
shall be an amount, subject to a maximum equal to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap save where 
"Liquidation Proceeds Cap" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
equal to the amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer upon the sale or realisation of 
the Charged Assets (including, without limitation, any termination payment received by the 
Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement and/or, where applicable, the amount received 
by the Issuer in respect of the Charged Assets on the redemption date, expiration date or 
other date for final payment in respect of the Charged Assets) after the deduction of any 
fees (including, without limitation, any legal fees), costs, expenses and taxes incurred by 
the Disposal Agent (for itself and on behalf of the Issuer), in respect of the sale or realisation 
of the Charged Assets and the early redemption of the Certificates, any due and unpaid fees, 
costs and expenses of the Trustee and the Agents and any amounts due to be paid to the 
Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement.  Where Liquidation Proceeds Cap is 
applicable, "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" means (A) in case of redemption of the 
Certificates as a result of an Early Redemption Event, the Cash Settlement Amount 
(calculated on the basis that any reference to the Redemption Date in relation to the 
determination thereof shall be deemed to be a reference to the Early Redemption Date) that 
would have been payable but for the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event; or (B) 
following a Certificate Acceleration, the Cash Settlement Amount (calculated on the basis 
that any reference to the Redemption Date in relation to the determination thereof shall be 
deemed to be a reference to the date on which notice of the Certificate Acceleration was 
given by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 12 (Events of Default)) that would have 
been payable but for the occurrence of the Event of Default.  In respect of Certificates 
bearing interest, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Early Redemption 
Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this Condition 8(e)(iv) 
shall include any accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant early redemption date and 
apart from any such interest included in the Early Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued 
or otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such redemption. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Early 
Redemption Amount will be "Liquidation Proceeds" as defined above; 
(v) 
if Liquidation Proceeds/Fair Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Early Redemption Amount, the Calculation Agent will determine the fair market value of a 
Certificate (taking into account the occurrence of the relevant Early Redemption Event but 
otherwise equal to a pro rata share of the amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of the 
Charged Assets following their early termination or realisation on or prior to the Early 
Redemption Date) which such amount will be the Early Redemption Amount in respect of 
each Certificate unless such amount would be less than the pro rata share of the Liquidation 
Proceeds (subject to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap, if applicable) realised by a Disposal 
Agent appointed by the Issuer in respect of a Certificate, in which case a pro rata share of 
the Liquidation Proceeds (subject to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap, if applicable) will be the 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Certificate; or

--- Page 799 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 799 - 
(vi) 
if Liquidation Proceeds/No Unwind Costs is specified as the Early Redemption Amount, 
the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Certificate shall be the pro rata share of 
the Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds. "Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds" shall be an 
amount, subject to a maximum equal to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap save where 
"Liquidation Proceeds Cap" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
equal to the amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer upon the sale or realisation of 
the Charged Assets (including, without limitation, any termination payment received by the 
Issuer under the relevant Swap Agreement which relates to the Certificates (and not, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any termination payment (or part thereof) which relates to any series of 
Related Certificates) or the proceeds of any sale of the Issuer's claim to such termination 
amount and/or, where applicable, the amount received by the Issuer in respect of the 
Charged Assets on the redemption date, expiration date or other date for final payment in 
respect of the Charged Assets) after the deduction of any termination payment due to be 
paid to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. Where the Liquidation Proceeds 
Cap is applicable, "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" means in case of redemption of the 
Certificates as a result of an Early Redemption Event, the Final Redemption Amount 
(calculated on the basis that any reference to the Redemption Date in relation to the 
determination thereof shall be deemed to be a reference to the Early Redemption Date) that 
would have been payable but for the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event. In respect 
of Certificates bearing interest, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Early 
Redemption Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 8(e)(vi) shall include any accrued interest to (but excluding) the relevant early 
redemption date and apart from any such interest included in the Early Redemption Amount, 
no interest, accrued or otherwise, or any other amount whatsoever will be payable by the 
Issuer in respect of such redemption; or 
(vii) 
if ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs is specified as the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Certificate shall be the pro rata share of the 
Unadjusted Proceeds. "Unadjusted Proceeds" shall be an amount, subject to a maximum 
equal to the Liquidation Proceeds Cap (save where "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" is specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), equal to the amounts received by or on 
behalf of the Issuer upon the sale or realisation of the Charged Assets (or the relevant 
proportion thereof where the Certificates are being redeemed in part only) (including, 
without limitation, any termination payment received by the Issuer under the relevant Swap 
Agreement and/or, where applicable, the amount received by the Issuer in respect of the 
Charged Assets on the redemption date, expiration date or other date for final payment in 
respect of the Charged Assets) after the deduction of any termination payment due to be 
paid to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement but without deduction of costs 
other than such costs that are unavoidable to redeem the Certificates early. Where the 
Liquidation Proceeds Cap is applicable, "Liquidation Proceeds Cap" means in case of 
redemption of the Certificates as a result of an Early Redemption Event, the Final 
Redemption Amount (calculated on the basis that any reference to the Redemption Date in 
relation to the determination thereof shall be deemed to be a reference to the Early 
Redemption Date) that would have been payable but for the occurrence of the Early 
Redemption Event. In respect of Certificates bearing interest, notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary herein, the Early Redemption Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with this Condition 8(e)(vii) shall include any accrued interest to (but 
excluding) the relevant early redemption date and apart from any such interest included in 
the Early Redemption Amount, no interest, accrued or otherwise, or any other amount 
whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such redemption; or  
(viii) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the greater of the 
fair market value of a Certificate or, as the case may be, Redeemed Amount (where the fair

--- Page 800 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 800 - 
market value of a Certificate or Redeemed Amount, as the case may be, shall be equal to 
such Certificate's pro rata share of the Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds calculated as if 
Liquidation Proceeds/No Unwind Costs were applicable with respect to the relevant Early 
Redemption Event or event which leads to the partial redemption of the Certificate) 
(notwithstanding any illegality (if applicable) and taking into account any Additional 
Disruption Event, Optional Additional Disruption Event, Index Adjustment Event, Custom 
Index Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event, Commodity Index Adjustment Event, 
Market Disruption Event, Index Cancellation, Extraordinary Fund Event, Fund Index 
Adjustment Event, as the case may be, and the Protected Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, proportionate share of such Protected Amount, provided 
that, (x) no costs shall be deducted from such amount and (y) such amount shall include the 
reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early redemption date or, as the 
case may be, partial redemption date notified to the Certificateholders until the scheduled 
Redemption Date of the Certificates), of any costs or, as the case may be, proportionate 
share of such costs (including but not limited to any structuring costs) paid by 
Certificateholders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Certificates, such amount to be paid 
to the Certificateholders on the date notified to the Certificateholders in the notice of early 
redemption or, as the case may be, notice of partial redemption; 
(ix) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the fair market 
value of a Certificate ( or, as the case may be, Redeemed Amount (where the fair market 
value of a Certificate or Redeemed Amount, as the case may be, shall be equal to such 
Certificate's pro rata share of the Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds calculated as if 
Liquidation Proceeds/No Unwind Costs were applicable with respect to the relevant Early 
Redemption Event or event which leads to the partial redemption of the Certificate) 
(notwithstanding the illegality (if applicable) and taking into account any Additional 
Disruption Event, Optional Additional Disruption Event, Index Adjustment Event, Custom 
Index Adjustment Event, Extraordinary Event, Commodity Index Adjustment Event, 
Market Disruption Event, Index Cancellation, Extraordinary Fund Event, Fund Index 
Adjustment Event, as applicable, where an Annex Early Redemption Event has occurred) 
calculated (x) without taking account of any costs and no costs shall be deducted from such 
amount and (y) including the reimbursement by the Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the 
early redemption date or, as the case may be, partial redemption date notified to the 
Certificateholders until the scheduled Redemption Date of the Certificates), of any costs or, 
as the case may be, proportionate share of such costs (including but not limited to any 
structuring costs) paid by Certificateholders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the 
Certificates, such an amount to be paid to the Certificateholders on the date notified in the 
notice of early redemption or, as the case may be, notice of partial redemption;  
(x) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
the Monetisation Amount (as defined below) (including the reimbursement by the 
Issuer, pro rata (calculated from the early redemption date or, as the case may be, 
partial redemption date notified to the Certificateholders until the scheduled 
Redemption Date of the Certificates), of any costs or, as the case may be, 
proportionate share of such costs (including but not limited to any structuring costs) 
paid by Certificateholders to the Issuer in the Issue Price of the Certificates), such 
amount to be paid by the Issuer (notwithstanding the notice of early redemption) 
on the Redemption Date; or 
(B) 
if the Certificateholder duly elects to receive the fair market value, as provided 
below, the Market Value calculated in accordance with Condition 8(e)(ix) of such 
Certificate, such amount to be paid by the Issuer on the date fixed for early 
redemption, as notified to the Certificateholders.

--- Page 801 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 801 - 
In the Issuer's notice of early redemption, the Issuer must include the following: 
(A) 
the cut-off date and time for each Certificateholder to elect to receive the fair 
market value on the date fixed for early redemption; 
(B) 
the date of determination of the fair market value in respect of such election and 
the amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the fair market value of the 
Certificates on such date; and 
(C) 
the amount calculated by the Calculation Agent as the Monetisation Amount. 
If this Certificate is held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
applicable clearing system, to make a valid election to receive the Market Value on 
redemption of a Certificate the relevant Certificateholder must no later than the cut-off date 
and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early redemption give notice to the Registrar or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, as the case may be, of such election, accompanied by the 
Certificate or evidence satisfactory to the Registrar or the Issuing and Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, that the Certificate will, following delivery of the notice, be held to its order 
or under its control in accordance with the Agency Agreement.  If this Certificate is 
represented by a Global Certificate or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to make a valid election to receive the Market Value on 
redemption of a Certificate the relevant Certificateholder must no later than the cut-off date 
and time set out in the Issuer's notice of early redemption, give notice to the Registrar or the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, as the case may be, such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common 
depositary, as the case may be, for them to the Registrar or Paying Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.   
If the Certificateholder does not make a valid election to receive the fair market value on 
the date fixed for early redemption before the cut-off date and time set out in the Issuer's 
notice of early redemption, the Certificateholder will receive the Monetisation Amount in 
respect of such Certificate on the Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(e)(x): 
"Monetisation Amount" means, in respect of a Certificate, an amount equal to the greater 
of the Protected Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and the amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(S + D) x (1 + r)n
Where: 
"S" is the present value of the Protected Amount of such Certificate on the date on which 
the event triggering early redemption occurs; 
"D" is the market value of the Derivative Component on the date on which the event 
triggering early redemption occurs; 
"r" is a hypothetical annual interest rate that would be applied on an equivalent hypothetical 
debt instrument issued by the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as applicable) with the same time to 
redemption as the remaining time to redemption on the Certificates from the date fixed for 
early redemption until the scheduled maturity date of the Certificates;

--- Page 802 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 802 - 
"n" is the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Certificates, expressed as 
a number of years; and 
"Derivative Component" means the option component or embedded derivative in respect 
of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Certificates or the interest amount due 
under the Certificates, as applicable, in order to enable the Issuer to issue the Certificates at 
the issue price and on their applicable terms. The value of the Derivative Component will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent, taking into account a number of factors, including, 
but not limited to: 
(A) 
market prices or values for the underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases) and 
other relevant economic variables (such as interest rates; dividend rates; financing 
costs; the value, price or level of any relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis 
(bases) and any futures or options relating to any of them; the volatility of any 
relevant underlying reference asset(s) or basis (bases); and exchange rates (if 
applicable)); 
(B) 
the time remaining until the scheduled maturity date of the Certificates; 
(C) 
internal pricing models; and 
(D) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Derivative Component; 
or 
(xi) 
if Annex 12 (Additional Terms for Notional Value Repack Securities) is applicable, the Early 
Redemption Amount will be the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out in Annex 12 
(Additional Terms for Notional Value Repack Securities).  
Where any of Liquidation Proceeds/No Unwind Costs, Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation 
Option is specified as applicable in respect of an Early Redemption Event, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that such Early Redemption Event (other than a Reference Securities Impossibility Event, 
where applicable) constitutes a force majeure, ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs shall apply. 
For the purposes of Condition 8(l) below, where Reference Securities Impossibility Event is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Reference Securities Impossibility Event 
has occurred, the Certificates will be redeemed and the "Early Redemption Amount" payable in 
respect of each Certificate will be the greater of: (i) where the Issue Price is expressed as an amount, 
the Issue Price, and where the Issue Price is expressed as an percentage, the product of its Notional 
Amount and the Issue Price; and (ii) its pro rata share of the Unadjusted Liquidation Proceeds 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, in accordance with Condition 8(e)(vi) above, as if Liquidation 
Proceeds/No Unwind Costs were specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Early Redemption 
Amount and the Liquidation Proceeds Cap was not applicable.  In respect of Certificates bearing 
interest, the Early Redemption Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
a Reference Securities Impossibility Event shall not include any interest, accrued or otherwise, and 
no other amount whatsoever will be payable by the Issuer in respect of such redemption. 
(f) 
Redemption following Swap Counterparty optional termination
Where "Swap Counterparty optional termination - Call option" is specified as being applicable 
in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
within two Business Days of service by the Swap Counterparty of a notice that it has opted 
to terminate a Swap Agreement in whole or in part on the next following Interest Payment 
Date, the Issuer shall notify the relevant Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) of the early redemption of the Certificates in whole or in part on such Interest

--- Page 803 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 803 - 
Payment Date and, subject to the relevant provisions of Condition 8(l) (Early Redemption 
Events), shall redeem the relevant Certificates at their fair market value plus interest accrued 
thereon to such Interest Payment Date on such Interest Payment Date; or 
(ii) 
within two Business Days of service by the Swap Counterparty of a notice that it has opted 
to terminate a Swap Agreement on any other date (where it has such right as so specified in 
the Final Terms) nominated by the Swap Counterparty (the "Nominated Termination 
Date"), the Issuer shall notify the relevant Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices) of the early redemption of the Certificates on such Nominated Termination 
Date and subject to Condition 8(l) (Early Redemption Events) shall redeem the Certificates 
at their fair market value plus interest accrued thereon (if any) to such Nominated 
Termination Date on such Nominated Termination Date. 
If any such redemption becomes due to be made by the Issuer in accordance with this Condition 8 
and payment to the Certificateholders pursuant hereto is not made, the security constituted by the 
Trust Deed shall become enforceable and the Trustee may take such action as is provided in 
Condition 12 (Events of Default) or the Trust Deed. 
(g) 
Instalments
If the Certificates are repayable in instalments, they will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and 
on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In the case of early redemption, the 
Early Redemption Amount will be determined pursuant to Condition 8.   
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Instalment Certificates are Instalment Certificates (with 
NA Adjustment), each Certificate will be redeemed (i) in part by payment of the Instalment Amount 
on the Instalment Date and (ii) with final redemption being made pursuant to Condition 8(a). The 
Instalment Amount in respect of the Instalment Date will be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the product of the Notional Amount immediately prior to the Instalment Date and the 
Instalment Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. Following the Instalment Date, the 
Notional Amount shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount and all calculations and determinations 
in respect of the Certificates shall be made on the basis of the Notional Amount as so reduced. 
 (h) 
Redemption Date Postponement
Where "Redemption Date Postponement" is specified as applicable the applicable Final Terms and 
the Redemption Date Postponement Event Condition is satisfied, the Redemption Date will be the 
day falling the number of Postponement Business Days after the Cash Settlement Payment Date.  
For the purposes of this Condition 8(h):  
"Redemption Date Postponement Event Condition" means due to the occurrence of an event 
leading to the occurrence of one or more Disrupted Days (in the case of Index Linked Certificates, 
Share Linked Certificates, Currency Linked Certificates or ETI Linked Certificates) or a Commodity 
Disrupted Day (in the case of Commodity Linked Certificates), the Cash Settlement Payment Date 
would not fall at least two Business Days before the scheduled Redemption Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Cash Settlement Payment Date" means the day falling the number of Payment Delay Days after 
the Redemption Valuation Date;  
"Postponement Business Days" means the number of Business Days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and

--- Page 804 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 804 - 
"Payment Delay Days" means the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Purchases
If the Issuer has satisfied the Trustee that it has made arrangements for the realisation of no more 
than the equivalent proportion of the Compartment Assets, for the repayment of no more than the 
equivalent proportion of any amount deposited under any Deposit Agreement, for the termination of 
no more than the equivalent proportion of any Swap Agreement and for the purchase of the 
Certificates, which transaction will leave the Issuer with no net liabilities in respect thereof, the Issuer 
may at any time purchase Certificates at any price in the open market or otherwise, in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations.  The Trustee will accept as evidence of the satisfaction of the 
criteria to such purchase a certificate (which it may rely on without further enquiry) of the Issuer 
confirming such arrangements and confirming that the remaining Charged Assets are sufficient to 
secure the Issuer's remaining obligations in respect of the remaining Certificates.  If required by any 
applicable law or regulation, Certificates purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer will be surrendered 
for cancellation (within one Business Day of such purchase) by surrendering the certificate 
representing such Certificates to the Registrar. 
In such circumstances: 
(A) 
the Issuer and the Secured Parties will be deemed to have consented to the release of the 
security in respect of that proportion of the Charged Assets that corresponds to the 
proportion that the number of Certificates being purchased bears to the total number of 
Certificates and Related Certificates (if any) remaining outstanding immediately prior to 
such purchase; 
(B) 
unless an Event of Default or an event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, 
lapse of time, issue of a certificate and/or fulfilment of any other requirement provided for 
in Condition 12 (Events of Default) become an Event of Default (a "Potential Event of 
Default") has occurred and the Trustee has actual notice of such occurrence, such 
proportion of the Charged Assets shall be deemed to have been released from the security 
created under the Trust Deed. 
(j) 
Cancellation
All Certificates which are redeemed or purchased by the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled and may 
not be reissued or resold.  Upon such cancellation, in the case of Certificates which are admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer will forthwith inform the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange of such cancellation.  All Certificates so cancelled and any Certificates purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to paragraph (i) above shall be forwarded to the Principal Warrant and Certificate 
Agent or, in the case of Registered Certificates, the Registrar, and cannot be reissued or resold.   
 (k) 
Exercise of Certificates
If the Certificates are Cash Settled Certificates and Exercise of Certificates is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Certificates (such Certificates "Exercisable Certificates") will be 
automatically exercised on the Exercise Date, or, if Multiple Exercise is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, each Exercise Date subject in the case of Credit Linked Certificates, to 
the provisions of Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities). Upon 
automatic exercise, each Certificate entitles its Certificateholder to receive from the Issuer the Cash 
Settlement Amount on the Exercise Settlement Date or, if Multiple Exercise is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Exercise Settlement Date. 
"Exercise Settlement Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 805 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 805 - 
(l) 
Early Redemption Events
The applicable Final Terms may specify that any of the following events applies.  If any does so 
apply then in each case, in the event that the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer and (if applicable) 
the Guarantor in writing (with a copy to the Trustee, on which notification the Trustee shall rely 
without further investigation or enquiry) that it has determined that one or more (as applicable) of 
the following events (each, an "Early Redemption Event") has occurred:  
(i)  
there is a payment default in respect of any of the Charged Assets (other than the relevant 
Swap Agreement) (an "Asset Payment Default Event"); or 
(ii)  
the issuer or primary obligor in respect of any of the Charged Assets (each, a "Charged 
Assets Issuer") or any guarantor of the Charged Assets Issuer's obligations in respect of 
any Charged Assets fails to perform or observe any of its obligations under the relevant 
Charged Assets and the failure continues after the expiration of any applicable grace period 
or the occurrence of any event (including, but not limited to, default, event of default, or 
other similar condition or event (howsoever described)) that results in the Charged Assets 
becoming capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable (an "Asset Default Event"); or  
(iii)  
any of the Compartment Assets is, for any reason, redeemed or otherwise terminated prior 
to its scheduled redemption or termination date (an "Asset Redemption Event"); or  
(iv) 
there is a payment default in respect of any of the Charged Assets (other than the relevant 
Swap Agreement) or the aggregate amount received by the Issuer in respect of the Charged 
Assets on the redemption date, expiration date or other date for final payment in respect of 
the Charged Assets is less than the aggregate of the Final Redemption Amounts payable by 
the Issuer in respect of the Certificates (an "Asset Payment Shortfall Event"); or 
(v) 
on or after the Trade Date, (A) due to the adoption of any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or (B) due to the promulgation of or 
any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction), either (1) any amount is 
required to be deducted or withheld for or on account of any tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, 
assessment or fee of any nature imposed by any government or other taxing authority in 
respect of any payment to be received by the Issuer under one or more Compartment Assets 
or (2) the Issuer becomes obliged to pay any amount for or on account of any tax, levy, 
impost, duty, charge, assessment or fee of any nature imposed by any government or other 
taxing authority in respect of (I) any payment received by the Issuer under one or more 
Compartment Asset or (II) holding, acquiring or disposing of any Compartment Asset (a 
"Compartment Tax Event"); or 
(vi) 
the early termination in full of any Swap Agreement (or any other agreement specified as a 
Related Agreement in the Final Terms) entered into in respect of the Certificates other than 
where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
thereunder and the relevant event of default relates to the insolvency of the Issuer or under 
the Certificates or due to the purchase by the Issuer of all the outstanding Certificates of a 
series (a "Related Agreement Termination Event"); or 
(vii) 
where an Annex to these Conditions is applicable, and/or in accordance with Condition 
8(o)(B) below, the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that an event has occurred in respect 
of which the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines it is not possible to make an adjustment in respect of such event and that

--- Page 806 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 806 - 
the Certificates should be redeemed early as contemplated in either (A) such Annex or (B) 
Condition 8(o)(B), as the case may be (an "Annex Early Redemption Event"); or 
(viii) 
on or after the Trade Date, (A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law 
or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency 
or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing or financial 
authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that 
it has become illegal for (1) the Issuer to perform its obligations in respect of any Certificates 
or the Swap Counterparty to perform its obligations in respect of any Swap Agreement, (2) 
for the Issuer to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to any 
Certificates or for the Swap Counterparty to hold, acquire or dispose of relevant hedge 
positions relating to any Swap Agreement save where such an event in (A) or (B) would 
constitute an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional Disruption Event (in 
the case of Index Linked Certificates, Share Linked Certificates, Commodity Linked 
Certificates, Currency Linked Certificates, Underlying Interest Rate Linked Certificates or 
ETI Linked Certificates) or an Extraordinary Fund Event (in the case of Fund Linked 
Certificates) or an Extraordinary ETI Event (in the case of ETI Linked Certificates) or the 
Certificates are Inflation Linked Certificates, or (3) for the Issuer to hold, acquire or dispose 
of any Compartment Assets (a "Compartment Change in Law Event"); 
(ix) 
the Calculation Agent deems that, on or after the Trade Date, any of the following has 
occurred in respect of the Reference Securities  
(A)  
any event (by way of change to the actual terms and conditions applicable to the 
Reference Securities or by way of exchange of the Reference Securities with 
another asset) which would cause (1)  a reduction in the amount of interest payable 
or the amount of scheduled interest accruals, (2) a reduction in the amount of 
principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled redemption dates, (3) a 
postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or 
accrual of interest or (II) the payment of principal or premium, (4) a change in the 
ranking in priority of payment of any obligation of the issuer of the Reference 
Securities, causing the subordination of the Reference Securities to any other 
obligation or any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest 
or principal under the Reference Securities; or 
(B) 
any expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Reference Securities or a cancellation, conversion or compulsory 
exchange of the Reference Securities; or  
(C) 
any event analogous to the events specified in (A) or (B), 
(a "Reference Securities Restructuring Event") 
(x)
(A) any event occurring as a result of action taken or announcement made by a 
governmental authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or 
regulation or any other similar law or regulation, in any case, irrespective of whether such 
event is expressly provided for under the terms of the Reference Securities which would 
cause (1) a reduction in the amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination), (2) a reduction in the amount of principal 
or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled redemption dates (including by way of 
redenomination), (3) a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the

--- Page 807 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 807 - 
payment or accrual of interest or (II) the payment of principal or premium, (4) a change in 
the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation of the issuer of the Reference 
Securities, causing the subordination of the Reference Securities to any other obligation, 
or (5) any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal 
under the Reference Securities; or 
(B) any expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Reference Securities, or a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; 
or 
(C) any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (A) or (B), 
(a "Reference Securities Regulatory Event"); or 
(xi)
an authorised officer of the issuer of the Charged Assets or any guarantor of the obligations 
of the issuer of the Charged Assets in respect of any Charged Assets or a governmental 
authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of the Charged Assets or declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over 
or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to the Charged Assets (a "Charged 
Assets Repudiation/Moratorium Event"); or 
(xii)
the issuer, or primary obligor, or guarantor in respect of any of the Charged Assets: 
(A) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(B) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts 
as they become due; 
(C) makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme 
or composition becomes effective; 
(D) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented 
against it, such proceeding or petition: (1) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-
up or liquidation; or (2) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(E) has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(F) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional 
liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for 
all or substantially all its assets; 
(G) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case 
within thirty calendar days thereafter; or

--- Page 808 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 808 - 
(H) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-
paragraphs (A) to (G) (inclusive) above, 
(a "Charged Assets Issuer Bankruptcy Event"); or 
(xiii)
the Calculation Agent determines the Issuer is unable (due to reasons outside its control) 
to purchase the Reference Securities on the applicable Initial Reference Security Purchase 
Date(s), and such inability continues for a period of three (3) Business Days (or such 
longer period as may be determined by the Calculation Agent) after the applicable Initial 
Reference Security Purchase Date (a "Reference Securities Impossibility Event"), where 
the "Initial Reference Security Purchase Date(s)" means the date or dates specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(xiv)
the Calculation Agent determines that (A) the Relevant Regulator has informed the 
Reference Security Issuer that the Reference Securities are, or are likely to be, an 
impediment to resolution of the Reference Security Issuer pursuant to the Resolution 
Rules, (B) the Reference Securities do not comply with the criteria applicable to eligible 
liabilities and are or are likely to be, excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL/TLAC Requirements of the Reference Security Issuer according to the 
Relevant Rules as a consequence or (C) the Reference Securities are deemed to fall outside 
the category of obligations described in article L.613-30-3-I-5°(or, where Regulatory 
Ratio Event – SNP is specified in the applicable Final Terms, article L.613-30-3-I-4°) of 
the French Code monétaire et financier (a "Regulatory Ratio Event"),  
the Issuer shall forthwith give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Trustee and the Certificateholders pursuant to Condition 19 (Notices) prior to the 
specified date of redemption that it intends to redeem the Certificates in accordance with this 
Condition 8(l), and upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem all, but not some only, of 
the Certificates at their Early Redemption Amount, together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption specified in the relevant notice (the "Early Redemption 
Date"), provided that, (A) where Redemption Date Extension applies as set out in Condition 8(n) 
(Redemption Date Extension), such redemption shall take place in accordance with Condition 8(n) 
and/or (B) where Physical Settlement upon an Early Redemption Event is specified to be applicable 
to an Early Redemption Event in the applicable Final Terms and such Early Redemption Event 
occurs, redemption upon such Early Redemption Event shall be governed by, and shall take place in 
accordance with Condition 8(w).  
Where Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value Repack Securities) applies, 
the Early Redemptions Events which are set out in Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Notional Value Repack Securities) will apply to the extent specified as Early Redemption Events in 
the applicable Final Terms rather than the events specified in this Condition 8(l) and the applicable 
Early Redemption Amount and Early Redemption Date will be determined in accordance with 
Annex 12 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Notional Value Repack Securities) and references 
to Condition 8(l) shall be construed accordingly. 
Where Swap Termination Without Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be included in the term "Charged Assets" as 
used in Conditions 8(l)(i) to (iv) (inclusive) and the definition of Related Agreement Termination 
Event in Condition 8(l)(vi) shall not apply and shall be replaced by the following definition: 
"(vi) the early termination of any Swap Agreement entered into in respect of the Certificates other 
than where (i) the Issuer is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) and the 
relevant event of default relates to the insolvency of the Issuer, (ii) a Swap Default has occurred, (iii)

--- Page 809 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 809 - 
where an Annex to these Conditions is applicable or Condition 8(o)(B) applies, the Swap Agreement 
terminates in whole or in part as a result of an event in respect of which the Calculation Agent 
determines that it is not possible to make an adjustment to the terms of the Certificates in respect of 
such event in accordance with such Annex or Condition 8(o)(B) but due to the application of 
provisions relating to delayed redemption in the relevant Annex or Condition 8(o)(B)(c), the 
Certificates are not due to be redeemed until the Redemption Date or (iv) the Swap Agreement 
terminates due to the purchase by the Issuer of all the outstanding Certificates of a series (a "Related 
Agreement Termination Event");" 
Where the Series of Certificates has been issued through a Multi-Series Compartment, the reference 
to "Swap Agreement" in Condition 8(l)(vi) shall be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Series 
Transaction(s) entered into in respect of such Series of Certificates.   
"Series Transaction" means where a Swap Agreement has been entered into respect of the 
Certificates and one or more series of Related Certificates, the transaction under the relevant Swap 
Agreement relating to the relevant Series of Certificates. 
As used in this Condition 8(l) (and where such term is used in Condition 8(w)):  
"BNP Paribas Group" means BNP Paribas together with its consolidated subsidiaries; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms 
as published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 June 2014, as amended from time 
to time (including by the Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC) or such other directive 
as may come in effect in the place thereof; 
"CRD IV Rules" means any or any combination of the CRD IV, the CRR and any CRD IV 
Implementing Measures; 
"CRD IV" means the Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 27 
June 2013, as amended from time to time (including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures) or such other directive as may come into 
effect in place thereof ; 
"CRD IV Implementing Measures" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Relevant 
Regulator, which are applicable to the Reference Security Issuer and which prescribe the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the 
Reference Security Issuer; 
"CRR" means the Regulation 2013/575 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 27 June 2013, as amended from time to time (including 
by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures

--- Page 810 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 810 - 
to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting 
and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012) or such other directive as may come 
into effect in place thereof; 
"MREL/TLAC Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Reference Security 
Issuer and/or the BNP Paribas Group referred to in the BRRD, any other EU law or regulation and 
relevant implementing legislation and regulation in France and/or any other legislation or regulation 
as may come in effect in the place of, or in addition to, any of the foregoing which relates to 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or capacity to absorb losses; 
"Reference Security Issuer" means the issuer(s) of the Reference Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Regulator" means the European Central Bank and any successor or replacement thereto, 
or other authority (including, but not limited to any resolution authority) having primary 
responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Reference Security Issuer or the 
application of the Relevant Rules to the Reference Security Issuer and the BNP Paribas Group;  
"Relevant Rules" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies of 
the Relevant Regulator relating to capital adequacy applicable to the Reference Security Issuer from 
time to time including, for the avoidance of doubt, applicable rules contained in, or implementing 
the CRD IV Rules and/or the BRRD; and 
"Resolution Rules" means the BRRD and any other EU law or regulation and relevant implementing 
legislation and regulations in France relating thereto.
(m) 
Redemption for taxation and other reasons
(i) 
If so specified in the Final Terms, then if the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment 
due in respect of the Certificates, would be required by law to withhold or account for tax 
or would suffer tax in respect of its income or payments so that it would be unable to make 
payment of the full amount due, the Issuer shall so inform the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty in writing and shall use all reasonable endeavours to arrange the substitution 
of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction approved in writing by the Trustee and 
the Swap Counterparty as the principal obligor or to change (to the satisfaction of the 
Trustee and the Swap Counterparty) its residence for taxation purposes to another 
jurisdiction approved in writing by the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty and, if it is unable 
to arrange such substitution or change before the next payment is due in respect of the 
Certificates, the Issuer shall forthwith give not more than 30 nor less than 15 days' notice 
(unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) to the Trustee and the Certificateholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable), and upon expiry of such notice shall redeem all but not 
some only of the Certificates at their Early Redemption Amount together with interest (if 
any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Such notice shall be given promptly upon the 
occurrence of any of the above events. 
(ii) 
Where this Condition 8(m) is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if 
(x) a Swap Agreement is terminated in whole for any reason save for where Condition 8(f) 
(Redemption following Swap Counterparty optional termination) is applicable and the Swap 
Counterparty exercises its rights to terminate the Swap Agreement according to its terms or 
a Repurchase Agreement is terminated for any reason, or a Deposit Agreement is terminated 
for any reason in each case save where the Issuer has purchased all the Certificates pursuant 
to, and in accordance with, Condition 8(i) (Purchases); or (y) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee 
(by the provision of such certificates and opinions as the Trustee deems necessary) that the 
performance of its obligations under the Certificates or that any arrangements made to hedge

--- Page 811 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 811 - 
its position under the Certificates have or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise 
prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any applicable present or future 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, then the Issuer 
shall forthwith give not more than 25 nor less than 10 days' notice (unless otherwise 
specified in the Final Terms) to the Trustee, the Certificateholders and the Swap 
Counterparty (which notice shall be irrevocable) and on the expiry of such notice shall 
redeem all but not some only of the Certificates at their Early Redemption Amount together 
with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption.  Such notice shall be given 
promptly upon the occurrence of either of the above events and such redemption made, 
unless the Trustee shall certify to the Issuer that it considers in its absolute discretion that it 
is in the interests of the holders of the Certificates that such notice and redemption be 
delayed or not given or made, as the case may be, or an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
holders of the Certificates shall otherwise direct. 
(n) 
Redemption Date Extension
Where: 
(A) 
"Redemption Date Extension" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable on the Early Redemption Date (or on the Redemption Date if the Early 
Redemption Event occurs on such date); and/or  
(B) 
Swap Termination Without Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, a Swap Default has occurred and the Issuer has not received any Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) due to it in the manner set out in 
Condition 9(k) (Swap termination) on or prior to the Redemption Date,  
the terms of this Condition 8(n) shall apply as set out below, provided that, where sub-clause (B) 
applies and no Early Redemption Event has also occurred, the provisions of Conditions 8(n)(i), 
8(n)(ii), 8(n)(vi) and 8(n)(vii) only shall apply. 
(i) 
Where the Issuer has not received in full the amount it is scheduled to receive on or prior to 
such date in respect of any of the Charged Assets relating to the relevant Certificates (such 
assets, the "Non-Performing Assets") it shall, on the Early Redemption Date or the 
Redemption Date, as the case may be, pay any amounts it has received in respect of the 
Charged Assets pro rata to the Certificateholders (provided that all amount(s) which are to 
be deducted from such amounts in accordance with the definition of Liquidation Proceeds 
have been paid in full or, where a Swap Default has occurred and Swap Termination 
Without Redemption applies and no Early Redemption Event has also occurred, the 
amounts which are to be deducted as set out in Condition 9(k) (the "Deduction Amounts")) 
and redemption in full of the Certificates will be postponed until the date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the "Extended Redemption Date" (the "Extended Redemption 
Date"), provided that if during the Extension Period the Calculation Agent gives at least 
three Business Days' notice to the Issuer that the Calculation Agent, in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, has determined that the Issuer will not receive any further 
amounts in respect of the Non-Performing Assets and that it will not be possible to realise 
any further amounts in respect of the Non-Performing Assets, the date on which such notice 
expires shall be deemed to be the actual Extended Redemption Date and no further amounts 
shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of the Certificates following such date. 
(ii) 
On each day in the Extension Period falling three Business Days after the receipt of any 
amounts by the Issuer in respect of any Non-Performing Asset, the Issuer shall procure that

--- Page 812 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 812 - 
such amounts are paid pro rata to the Certificateholders as set out in Condition 8(n)(v) and 
provided that the Deduction Amounts have been paid in full.  
(iii) 
The Issuer shall appoint an agent (which may be the Swap Counterparty, provided the Swap 
Counterparty is not the obligor in respect of a relevant Non Performing Asset, or the Trustee 
or any other party which the Issuer may appoint with the consent of the Trustee) to assist it 
in recovering amounts in respect of the Non Performing Assets (a "Realisation Agent"). 
Any fees, costs and expenses charged and incurred by the relevant Realisation Agent will 
be deducted from the amounts available to pay Certificateholders or any other Secured Party 
which is entitled to such amounts. 
(iv) 
If "Sale of Assets" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and there is a Non-Performing 
Asset, the Issuer shall, at the request of the Calculation Agent, procure that any Non-
Performing Asset and any other Charged Asset in respect of the relevant Compartment (or 
the Issuer's rights thereto) which the Issuer is requested by the Calculation Agent to sell 
shall be sold by the relevant Disposal Agent prior to the Extended Redemption Date and the 
proceeds from such sale (less any costs or expenses incurred in such sale) will be applied in 
accordance with the terms of this Condition 8(n) and, if the Calculation Agent determines, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that such sale is not possible 
in respect of any Non-Performing Asset, it shall be deemed that the amount received in 
respect of such Non-Performing Asset is equal to zero.   
(v) 
The total amount received in respect of the Charged Assets in the period from, and 
including, the Redemption Date or the Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, to, but 
excluding, the Extended Redemption Date (the "Extension Receipts") shall be deemed to 
form part of the Liquidation Proceeds as set out in Condition 8(e) provided that, to the extent 
amounts are owed to Secured Parties other than the Certificateholders in respect of the 
relevant Series of Certificates, the Issuer shall apply the Extension Receipts in accordance 
with the applicable Order of Priority which would apply following a Certificate 
Acceleration in respect of the Certificates and any reference to amounts being paid to the 
Certificateholders in this Condition 8(n) shall be construed accordingly.   
(vi) 
No interest shall accrue on the Certificates for the period from, and including, the 
Redemption Date or the Early Redemption Date, as the case may be, to, and including, the 
Extended Redemption Date if redemption of the Certificates in whole or in part is postponed 
to the Extended Redemption Date in accordance with this Condition 8(n) unless specified 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vii) 
As used in this Condition 8(n), "Extension Period" means the period from, but excluding, 
the Redemption Date or the Early Redemption Date to, and including, the Extended 
Redemption Date. 
(o) 
Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events 
 (A) 
Definitions 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption 
(unless specified to be not applicable in the applicable Final Terms); 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(a) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur; 
(b) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, 
approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or

--- Page 813 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 813 - 
the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the 
effect that the Issuer, the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law 
or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Certificates; or 
(c) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the Certificates from the perspective of the Issuer, the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Calculation Agent or the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result 
of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or 
maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or any other 
entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations 
in respect of the Certificates and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, 
not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence); 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the 
First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. 
For these purposes "control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an 
entity. 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate which is a benchmark as defined in 
BMR where any amount payable or deliverable under the Certificates, or the value of the 
Certificates, is determined in whole or in part, by reference to such figure, value, level or 
rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any 
of the following has occurred or will occur: 
(a)
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(b)
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such 
Benchmark; 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011); 
"Cancellation Event" means that in the determination of the Calculation Agent all or some 
of the Debt Securities are redeemed prior to their stated Redemption Date for any reason, 
and as a result thereof it is impossible, impracticable or unduly onerous for (i) the Issuer to 
hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Certificates and/or (ii) the Swap 
Counterparty or its Affiliates to hedge the Swap Counterparty's obligations in respect of the 
Swap Agreement; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (a) due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or 
regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation or application of any law or regulation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory or other supervisory authority with competent 
jurisdiction (including any action taken by a taxing or financial authority or any supervisory

--- Page 814 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 814 - 
authority) or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Calculation Agent 
determines acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and/or any of the Swap 
Counterparty's Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge position 
relating to an Index (in the case of Index Linked Certificates), any relevant hedge 
position relating to a Debt Security (in the case of Debt Linked Certificates), any 
relevant hedge position relating to a Share (in the case of Share Linked 
Certificates), any relevant hedge position relating to an ETI (in the case of ETI 
Linked Certificates), any relevant hedge position relating to a Commodity or 
Commodity Index (in the case of Commodity Linked Certificates), any relevant 
hedge position relating to a Fund Share (in the case of Fund Linked Certificates) 
(other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or any relevant hedge position in 
respect of a Euro Fund (in the case of Fund Linked Certificates (where the Fund is 
a Euro Fund)) or any other hedge position relating to the Certificates (each a 
"Hedge"); or 
(b) 
the Swap Counterparty or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased 
cost (including, without limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, regulatory or 
capital requirements) in performing its obligations in respect of the Swap 
Agreement or, unless Hedge Maintenance Cost is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, in holding, acquiring or disposing of any Hedge; 
"Currency Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, 
illegal or impossible for the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or any of the Swap 
Counterparty's Affiliates (a) to convert the relevant currency ("Local Currency") in which 
the Index, the Shares or the Debt Securities or any options or futures contracts or other 
hedging arrangement in relation to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Securities (for the 
purposes of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Certificates or the Swap 
Counterparty's obligations in respect of the Swap Agreement) are denominated, into the 
Settlement Currency, as the case may be, or exchange or repatriate any funds in the Local 
Currency or the Settlement Currency outside of the country in which the Index, the Shares 
or the Debt Securities or any options or futures contracts in relation to the Index, the Shares 
or the Debt Securities respectively are traded due to the adoption of, or any change in, any 
applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or decree of any Government 
Authority or otherwise, or (b) for the Calculation Agent to determine a rate or (in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent) a commercially reasonable rate at which the Local 
Currency can be exchanged for the Settlement Currency for payment under the Certificates; 
"Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" means in the opinion of the Calculation Agent it is 
impossible or impracticable to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets (the 
"Affected Relevant Assets") comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is 
due to illiquidity in the market for the Relevant Assets; 
"Extraordinary External Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, the performance 
of the Issuer's obligations under the Certificates is prevented or materially hindered or 
delayed due to: 
(a) 
any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, 
order, directive, interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative 
interference of any Government Authority or otherwise; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political 
insurrection, terrorist activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration and/or

--- Page 815 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 815 - 
protest, or any other financial or economic reasons or any other causes or 
impediments beyond such party's control; or 
(c) 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken 
or threatened by any Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty or any of its Affiliates, of all or substantially all of its assets in the 
Local Currency jurisdiction. 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other 
political subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign 
exchange or other authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity 
exercising, executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or 
pertaining to government; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its 
Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to hedge the equity 
price risk or any other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency 
risk of the Swap Counterparty performing its obligations with respect to the Swap 
Agreement, or (b) freely realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s) or futures or options contract(s) or any 
relevant hedge positions relating to the Swap Agreement, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent 
"Hedging Party Default" means any hedging counterparty to the Swap Counterparty and/or 
Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Swap Agreement relating to the 
Certificates announces its inability to meet its financial obligations, ceases its payments or 
a court in its jurisdiction of incorporation opens insolvency proceedings against it and the 
Swap Counterparty and/or Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty is unable to replace such 
hedging counterparty on terms acceptable to the Swap Counterparty or the relevant Affiliate 
of the Swap Counterparty, as the case may be; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of components comprised in an Index (in the case of 
Index Linked Certificates), or the number of Shares (in the case of Share Linked 
Certificates) that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates deems necessary to 
hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the Swap Agreement; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates 
would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, 
establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) or any futures or options contract on any Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity 
Index, Index Component (in the case of Commodity Linked Certificates) or, in respect of 
any Index Linked Certificates relating to a Custom Index, any relevant hedge positions 
relating to an Index or, in respect of any Debt Linked Certificates, any relevant hedge 
positions relating to a Debt Security, it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest risk) of the Swap 
Counterparty performing its obligations under the Swap Agreement entered into with 
respect to the Certificates, or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any such futures or options contract(s) or, in respect of any 
Index Linked Certificates relating to a Custom Index, any relevant hedge positions relating 
to an Index or, in respect of any Debt Linked Certificates any relevant hedge positions

--- Page 816 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 816 - 
relating to a Debt Security, provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty 
and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its 
Affiliates would incur a rate to borrow any component security comprised in an Index (in 
the case of Index Linked Certificates) or any Share (in the case of Share Linked Certificates) 
that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate; 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of a component security comprised in an Index 
(in the case of Index Linked Certificates) or a Share (in the case of Share Linked 
Certificates) the initial stock loan rate specified in relation to such Share, security, 
component or commodity in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has 
instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, or it consents to 
a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any 
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is 
presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official or it consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions 
presented by creditors and not consented to by the Share Company or Basket Company 
shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing; 
"Jurisdiction Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, 
illegal or impossible for the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty or any of its Affiliates to 
purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal (or to continue to do so in the future) in the Index, the 
Shares or the Debt Securities or, unless Hedging Arrangements is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any options or futures contracts in relation to the 
Index, the Shares or the Debt Securities in order for the Issuer to perform its obligations: 
(a) under the Certificates; or 
(b) unless Hedging Arrangements is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in respect of any relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the 
Certificates (including, without limitation, any purchase, sale or entry into or holding 
of one or more securities positions, currency positions, stock loan transactions, 
derivatives position, commodity position or other instruments or arrangements 
(however described) by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates 
in order to hedge, either individually or on a portfolio basis, the Certificates)  
or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonably manner) be materially increased under the restriction 
or limitation of the existing or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, interpretation, 
directive or decree of any Government Authority or otherwise; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) 
any component security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Linked Certificates) or 
any Share (in the case of Share Linked Certificates), in an amount equal to the Hedging 
Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate;

--- Page 817 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 817 - 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of a component security comprised in an 
Index (in the case of Index Linked Certificates) or a Share (in the case of Share Linked 
Certificates), the Maximum Stock Loan Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any of Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
Cancellation Event, Currency Event, Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity, Extraordinary 
External Event, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock Borrow, Jurisdiction 
Event, Insolvency Filing, Loss of Stock Borrow, Stop-Loss Event and/or Significant 
Alteration Event in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Significant Alteration Event" means any event or circumstance or combination of events 
or circumstances occurring after the Trade Date that is not attributable to the Issuer but 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, significantly alters the economics of the Certificates as 
at the Trade Date where such event causes  renders the performance of the Issuer's 
obligations in performing its obligations under the Certificates unduly onerous or results in 
a material increase in costs associated with the Certificates as a consequence of change in 
any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, in respect of any tax laws, 
solvency or regulatory capital requirements), nationalisation, or regulatory action, or in 
other events of similar nature that comply with the above conditions, but, in each case, 
where such event does not constitute a force majeure pursuant to Condition 7(b), or, to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, in other similar events or circumstances that would in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, significantly alter the economics of the Certificates as at the Trade Date; 
"Stop-Loss Event" means in respect of a Share the price of any Share as quoted on the 
relevant Exchange for such Share at the Scheduled Closing Time on any Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if 
later, the Strike Date, is less than 5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike Price is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
(B) 
If an Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs 
(other than in respect of Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity), the Calculation Agent may 
take the action described in (a) or, if applicable, (b), (c), (d) or (e) below, as the case may 
be, provided that where the circumstances giving rise to such Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event result in a determination, adjustment or 
calculation being made in respect of the relevant Swap Agreement, the Calculation Agent 
shall, to the extent applicable, make the corresponding determination, adjustment or 
calculation in respect of the Certificates: 
(a) 
determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the 
Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment In the case of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, such adjustment may (a) consist of one or more 
amendments and/or be made on one or more dates, (b) be determined by reference

--- Page 818 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 818 - 
to any adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance in relation to 
any hedging arrangements in respect of the Certificates and (c) include, without 
limitation, selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to 
the Conditions of the Certificates including, where applicable, and unless Unwind 
Costs is specified as not applicable, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer 
providing such exposure to the successor benchmark(s) and, in the case of more 
than one successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as 
between the successor benchmarks; 
(b) 
(i) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, Market Value, Highest 
Value or Monetisation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
on giving notice to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of 
the Certificates (Notices), notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall redeem all 
but not some only of the Certificates, each Certificate being redeemed by 
payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Condition 8(e), payment being made in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 
of the Certificates (Notices); or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the Redemption Date the 
Issuer shall redeem each Certificate at an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (x) the Protected Amount (specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) and (y) the Swap Early Termination Amount 
(if any), where, for the purposes of this Condition 8(o)(B)(b)(ii), "Swap 
Early Termination Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to, in 
respect of each Certificate, and subject to a minimum of zero, a pro rata
share of the sum of (1) the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the 
Swap Agreement) received by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement in 
connection with the termination of the Swap Agreement in whole or in part 
and (2) any interest which has accrued in respect of the amount of such 
Early Termination Amount received by the Issuer (which may be a positive 
or negative figure); or 
(iii) 
if Highest Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of 
the Certificates (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Certificates 
and pay to each Certificateholder an amount in respect of each Certificate 
held by such Certificateholder calculated and paid on such date determined 
in accordance with Condition 8(e)(viii); or 
(iv) 
if Market Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will 
on giving notice to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of 
the Certificates (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the Certificates 
and pay to each Certificateholder an amount in respect of each Certificate 
held by such Certificateholder calculated and paid on such date determined 
in accordance with Condition 8(e)(ix); or 
(v) 
if Monetisation Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 
of the Certificates (Notices), redeem all but not some only of the 
Certificates and pay to each Certificateholder an amount in respect of each

--- Page 819 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 819 - 
Certificate held by such Certificateholder calculated and paid on such date 
determined in accordance with Condition 8(e)(x); or 
(d) 
in the case of Index Linked Certificates linked to a Custom Index, use 
commercially reasonable efforts to select a successor index with a substantially 
similar formula for and method of calculation as the Custom Index within twenty 
(20) Scheduled Custom Index Business Days of the occurrence of the relevant 
Additional Disruption Event or Optional Additional Disruption Event and, upon 
selection of such successor index (the "Successor Index"), promptly notify the 
Issuer and the Issuer will give notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 of the Certificates (Notices) and such index shall become the 
Successor Index and deemed to be a "Custom Index" for the purposes of the 
Certificates and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to one 
or more of the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate to account for the substitution. Such substitution and any 
relevant adjustment to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
will be deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner which may, but need 
not be the date on which the relevant Additional Disruption Event or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event occurred; or 
(e) 
in the case of Share Linked Certificates linked to a Basket of Shares, adjust the 
Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria 
for Share selection set out below (each a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each 
an "Affected Share") which is affected by the Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to 
be a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the 
purposes of the Certificates, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, 
if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the 
Certificates are Physical Delivery Certificates) and/or the Weighting and/or any of 
the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable 
under the Certificates was to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the 
Affected Share, the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant 
Exchange on the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be 
deemed to be effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the 
"Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be

--- Page 820 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 820 - 
the relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to 
the Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share 
which the Calculation Agent determines acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as 
the Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the relevant issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Basket Company in respect of 
the Affected Share. 
If a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity occurs, save in respect of Certificates which are 
Credit Linked Certificates where the provisions of Annex 10 ("Additional Terms for Credit 
Linked Securities") shall apply: 
(X) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates, any Relevant Assets which are not Affected Relevant Assets, 
will be delivered on the originally designated Redemption Date in 
accordance with Condition 6(b) (Physical Delivery); and 
(Y) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement 
and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Calculation Agent 
may, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, require that 
the Issuer satisfies its obligations in respect of the relevant Certificates by 
payment to the relevant Certificateholders of the Failure to Deliver 
Settlement Price on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice 
of such election is given to the Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). Payment of the Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any relevant Certificate, 
the fair market value of such Certificate (taking into account the Relevant Assets 
comprising the Entitlement which have been duly delivered as provided above), less, unless 
Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the 
Swap Counterparty and/or its Affiliates and/or the Issuer of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (or, whereas provided above some Relevant 
Assets have been delivered, and a pro rata portion thereof has been paid, such pro rata
portion). 
(C) 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the 
Certificates, as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Certificates.

--- Page 821 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 821 - 
(D) 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional 
Disruption Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance 
with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable 
and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Certificateholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) stating the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event 
and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof and 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(E) 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Additional Disruption Event or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent is under no duty to consider 
the interests of Certificateholders or any other person.  In making any determination as to 
which action to take following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event, (to the extent permitted by any applicable law) none of the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty shall be responsible for any loss 
(including liability in respect of interest), underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or 
incurred by Certificateholders or any other person in connection with the Certificates as a 
result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in making any payment 
or delivery in respect of the Certificates. 
(p) 
Payout Switch
If Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (i) if Payout Switch Election 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall (where a corresponding 
election is made by the Swap Counterparty in respect of the Swap Agreement relating to the 
Certificates) elect that or (ii) if Automatic Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and an Automatic Payout Switch Event occurs, the Final Payout for the Certificates will 
be amended (a "Payout Switch") from the Final Payout specified in the Final Terms to the Switched 
Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Payout Switch Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notice of any Payout Switch will be given to Holders in accordance with 
Condition 19. 
"Automatic Payout Switch Event" means that:  
(A)
the SPS APS Value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to or greater than", (c) "less than" or 
(d) "less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Automatic 
Payout Switch Level, (x) on a SPS APS Valuation Date or (y) in respect of a SPS APS 
Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B)
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and Target Switch Payout is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or Snowball Digital Coupon Condition, 
as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal to or greater than the Automatic Payout 
Switch Level as of a SPS APS Valuation Date;  
"Automatic Payout Switch Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS APS Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Underlying Interest 
Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"SPS APS Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and

--- Page 822 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 822 - 
"SPS APS Value" means, in respect of a SPS APS Valuation Date or a SPS APS Valuation Period, 
the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(q) 
Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event 
(A) 
If "Knock-in Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any 
payment and/or delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Certificates which is expressed 
in the applicable Final Terms to be subject to a Knock-in Event, shall be conditional upon 
the occurrence of such Knock-in Event. 
(B) 
If "Knock-out Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then any 
payment and/or delivery, as applicable, under the relevant Certificates which is expressed 
in the applicable Final Terms to be subject to a Knock-out Event, shall be conditional upon 
the occurrence of such Knock-out Event. 
(C) 
In respect of Index Linked Certificates, Share Linked Certificates, Debt Linked Certificates 
or ETI Linked Certificates, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation 
Time specified in the applicable Final Terms is the Valuation Time and if on any Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (a) in respect of Certificates other than 
Custom Index Linked Certificates or Debt Linked Certificates, at any time during the one 
hour period that begins or ends at the Valuation Time the relevant Level triggers the Knock-
in Level, the Knock-out Level, the Knock-out High Barrier or the Knock-out Low Barrier, 
as applicable, a Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure occurs or exists, 
or (b) in respect of Custom Index Linked Certificates or Debt Linked Certificates, a Custom 
Index Disruption Event or Market Disruption Event, as applicable, is occurring, then the 
Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred; provided 
that if, by operation of this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day would occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out 
Determination Period, the Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date 
shall be treated as a Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
Level as at the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with 
the provisions contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of 
determining the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event. 
(D) 
In respect of Commodity Linked Certificates or Currency Linked Certificates, if the Knock-
in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is the Valuation Time and if any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day is a Commodity Disrupted Day or a Disrupted Day, as applicable, then such Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day will be deemed not to be a Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day for the purposes of determining the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event. 
(E) 
In respect of Certificates other than Custom Index Linked Certificates or Debt Linked 
Certificates, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out Valuation Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during the regular trading hours on 
the relevant Exchange and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out 
Determination Day and at any time during the one-hour period that begins or ends at the 
time on which the Level triggers the Knock-in Level, the Knock-out Level, the Knock-out 
High Barrier or the Knock-out Low Barrier, as applicable (a) in the case of Index Linked 
Certificates, Share Linked Certificates or ETI Linked Certificates, a Trading Disruption, 
Exchange Disruption or Early Closure, (b) in the case of Currency Linked Certificates, a 
Disruption Event or (c) in the case of Commodity Linked Certificates, a Market Disruption 
Event, in each case occurs or exists, then the Knock-in Event or the Knock-out Event shall

--- Page 823 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 823 - 
be deemed not to have occurred, provided that, in the case of Certificates other than 
Commodity Linked Certificates or Currency Linked Certificates, if, by operation of this 
provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would occur 
in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the Knock-in 
Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a Valuation Date 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Level as at the Knock-in Valuation 
Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions contained in the 
definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the occurrence of a Knock-
in Event or Knock-out Event. 
(F) 
In respect of Debt Linked Certificates, if the Knock-in Valuation Time or the Knock-out 
Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms is any time or period of time during 
the regular trading hours on the exchange on which the relevant Debt Security is traded or 
on any exchange on which options contracts or futures contracts with respect to such Debt 
Security are traded and if on any Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination 
Day and at any time at which the relevant Level triggers the Knock-in Level, the Knock-
out Level the Knock-out High Barrier or the Knock-out Low Barrier, as applicable, a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred or is occurring, then the Knock-in Event or the 
Knock-out Event shall be deemed not to have occurred, provided that if, by operation of 
this provision, no Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day would 
occur in the Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period, the 
Knock-in Period Ending Date or Knock-out Period Ending Date shall be treated as a 
Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant Level as at the 
Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time in accordance with the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Valuation Date" for the purposes of determining the 
occurrence of a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event. 
(r) 
Definitions relating to Knock-in Event/Knock-out Event 
"Knock-in Determination Day" means (a) each date, (b) each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period, (c) each Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in the Knock-in 
Determination Period, (d) each Fund Business Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, (e) each 
Business Day in the Knock-in Determination Period, or (f) each Commodity Business Day in the 
Knock-in Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-in Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-in Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-in Event" means: 
(a) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Knock-in Value is; or 
(b) 
if the Certificates are Currency Linked Certificates and FX Knock-in Valuation is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
that the FX Coupon Performance is; or 
(ii) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the Performance Value is; or  
(c) 
if SPS Knock-in Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: and, 
if the Certificates are Currency Linked Certificates, unless FX Knock-in Valuation is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 824 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 824 - 
(i) 
in respect of a single Underlying Reference, that the Level is; or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Basket of Underlying References, that the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each Underlying Reference as 
the product of (x) the Level of such Underlying Reference and (y) the relevant 
Weighting is,  
(1) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" the Knock-in Level 
or, if applicable, (2) "within" the Knock-in Range Level, in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (x) on a Knock-in Determination Day or (y) in respect of a Knock-in Determination 
Period, as specified in all the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-in Level" means the FX Knock-in Level or the price, level, amount, number or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-in Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked 
Certificates (other than Custom Index Linked Certificates), Share Linked Certificates, ETI Linked 
Certificates, Debt Linked Certificates or Currency Linked Certificates), a Commodity Business Day 
(in the case of Commodity Linked Certificates), a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the 
case of Custom Index Linked Certificates), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked 
Certificates (other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or Business Day (in the case of other 
Certificates), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be; 
"Knock-in Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if the Knock-in Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Certificates (other 
than Custom Index Linked Certificates), Share Linked Certificates, ETI Linked Certificates, Debt 
Linked Certificates or Currency Linked Certificates), a Commodity Business Day (in the case of 
Commodity Linked Certificates), a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of Custom 
Index Linked Certificates), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Certificates (other than 
where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or Business Day (in the case of other Certificates), the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be; 
"Knock-in Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-in Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Knock-in Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms do not 
specify a Knock-in Valuation Time, the Knock-in Valuation Time shall be the Valuation Time; 
"Knock-in Value" means, in respect of a Knock-in Determination Day or a Knock-in Determination 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Corridor Value 1" means the Level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 825 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 825 - 
"Knock-out Corridor Value 2" means the Level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Knock-out Determination Day" means (a) each date, (b) each Scheduled Trading Day in the 
Knock-out Determination Period, (c) each Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in the Knock-out 
Determination Period, or (d) each Fund Business Day in the Knock-out Determination Period or (e) 
each Business Day in the Knock-out Determination Period or (f) each Commodity Business Day in 
the Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out Determination Period" means the period which commences on, and includes, the 
Knock-out Period Beginning Date and ends on, and includes, the Knock-out Period Ending Date; 
"Knock-out Event" means: 
(a)  
if Knock-out Corridor Range is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that:  
(i) 
the Knock-out Corridor Value 1 in respect of the Underlying Reference is greater 
than or equal to the Knock-out High Barrier specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and/or 
(ii) 
the Knock-out Corridor Value 2 in respect of the Underlying Reference is less than 
or equal to the Knock-out Low Barrier specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
otherwise  
(i) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Knock-out Value is, or 
(ii) 
if the Certificates are Currency Linked Certificates and FX Knock-out Valuation is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if FX Coupon Performance is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the FX Coupon Performance is; or 
(B) 
if Performance Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, that the Performance Value is, or 
(iii) 
if SPS Knock-out Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: and, if the Certificates are Currency Linked Certificates, unless FX Knock-
out Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in respect of a single Underlying Reference, that the Level is; or 
(B) 
in respect of a Basket of Underlying References, that the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values of each 
Underlying References as the product of (x) the Level of such Underlying 
Reference and (y) the relevant Weighting is,  
(1) "greater than", "greater than or equal to", "less than" or "less than or equal to" the Knock-
out Level or, if applicable, (2) "within" the Knock-out Range Level, in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (x) on a Knock-out Determination Day or (y) in 
respect of a Knock-out Determination Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Knock-out High Barrier" means the level, amount, number or percentage (which must be a level, 
amount, number or percentage greater than the Knock-out Low Barrier) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions;

--- Page 826 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 826 - 
"Knock-out Level" means the FX Knock-out Level or the price, level, amount, number or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time 
in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions;  
"Knock-out Low Barrier" means the level, amount, number or percentage (which must be a level, 
amount, number or percentage less than the Knock-out High Barrier) specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the provisions 
set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Knock-out Period Beginning Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Beginning Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked 
Certificates (other than Custom Index Linked Certificates), Share Linked Certificates, ETI Linked 
Certificates, Debt Linked Certificates or Currency Linked Certificates), a Commodity Business Day 
(in the case of Commodity Linked Certificates) or a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the 
case of Custom Index Linked Certificates), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked 
Certificates (other than where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or Business Day (in the case of other 
Certificates), the next following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be; 
"Knock-out Period Ending Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if the Knock-out Period Ending Date Day Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Linked Certificates 
(other than Custom Index Linked Certificates), Share Linked Certificates, ETI Linked Certificates, 
Debt Linked Certificates or Currency Linked Certificates), a Commodity Business Day (in the case 
of Commodity Linked Certificates), a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of Custom 
Index Linked Certificates), a Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Certificates (other than 
where the Fund is a Euro Fund)) or Business Day (in the case of other Certificates), the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Commodity Business Day, Scheduled Custom Index Business 
Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as the case may be;  
"Knock-out Range Level" means the range of Levels specified as such or otherwise determined in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in accordance with the 
provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions; 
"Knock-out Valuation Time" means the time or period of time on any Knock-out Determination 
Day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or in the event that the applicable Final Terms 
do not specify a Knock-out Valuation Time, the Knock-out Valuation Time shall be the Valuation 
Time; 
"Knock-out Value" means, in respect of a Knock-out Determination Day or a Knock-out 
Determination Period, the value from Payout Condition 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Level" means, for the purposes of this Condition, (i) the "official level", "official close", "last price", 
"traded price", "bid price" or "asked price" of the Underlying Reference, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, published by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-out 
Observation Price Source, as applicable, or (ii) if "Standard Level" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (a) in the case of Share Linked Certificates and ETI Linked Certificates, the 
price of the relevant Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Linked Certificates and Custom 
Index Linked Certificates, the level of the relevant Underlying Reference, (c) in the case of

--- Page 827 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 827 - 
Commodity Linked Certificates the Relevant Price, or (d) in the case of Currency Linked 
Certificates, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the Subject Currency into the Base 
Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Subject Currency for which one 
unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), in each case determined by the Calculation Agent as 
of the Knock-in Valuation Time or Knock-out Valuation Time on any Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day, as applicable, or, in the case of the "official close" level, at such 
time as the official close is published by the Knock-in Observation Price Source or Knock-out 
Observation Price Source, as applicable; 
"Payout Conditions" means the terms and conditions set out in Annex 1 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Payouts).  
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Linked Certificates, Index Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and 
Index Linked Condition 2 (Adjustments to an Index); 
(b) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Certificates, Index Linked Condition 6 (Adjustments to 
a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption); 
(c) 
in the case of Share Linked Certificates, Share Linked Condition 1 (Market Disruption) and 
Share Linked Condition 2 (Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events); 
(d) 
in the case of ETI Linked Certificates, ETI Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and ETI 
Linked Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events); 
(e) 
in the case of Commodity Linked Certificates, Commodity Linked Condition 1 (Market 
Disruption) and Commodity Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of a Market Disruption 
Event and Disruption Fallbacks); 
(f) 
in the case of Currency Linked Certificates, Currency Linked Condition 2 (Disruption 
Events) and Currency Linked Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event); and 
(g) 
in the case of Debt Linked Certificates, Debt Linked Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Debt 
Linked Condition 3 (Correction of Debt Security Price) and Debt Linked Condition 4 
(Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Security); and 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Condition, each Index, Custom Index, 
Share, Debt Security, ETI Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Subject Currency or other basis 
of reference to which the relevant Certificates relate. 
(s)
Automatic Early Redemption 
(A) 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on (i) any Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or (ii) in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
occurs, then the Certificates will be automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the 
Automatic Early Redemption Date at an amount equal to the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount. 
Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, an Automatic Early Redemption Event 1 may 
only occur on an AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Period and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 may only occur on an AER 
2 Redemption Valuation Date or in respect of an AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period.

--- Page 828 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 828 - 
(B) 
Definitions 
"AER Event 1 Underlying(s)" means the Underlying Reference or each Underlying 
Reference comprising the Basket of Underlying References, in each case specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Event 2 Underlying(s)" means the Underlying Reference or each Underlying 
Reference comprising the Basket of Underlying References, in each case specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Knock-out Event" means the occurrence (such date of occurrence the AER Knock-
out Date) of a Knock-out Event and/or a Knock-in Event as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of each notional amount of 
Certificates equal to the Calculation Amount, an amount equal to the Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out, an amount equal 
to the product of (i) the Calculation Amount and (ii) the sum of the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage and the relevant AER Rate relating to that Automatic Early 
Redemption Date.  If the product of the Automatic Early Redemption Payout is zero, no 
amount shall be payable on redemption of the Certificate pursuant to this Condition. If the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency, if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into Settlement Currency at the 
Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means  (i) if Target Automatic Early Redemption, 
FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption or FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Payment Date immediately 
following the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date on which an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs, or, otherwise, (ii) each date specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no 
Certificateholder shall be entitled to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means: 
(i) 
if Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that the Cumulative Coupon is equal to or greater than the Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage;  
(ii) 
if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that: 
(i) 
(in respect of an Underlying Reference (other than a Subject Currency)) 
the Underlying Reference Level is; or 
(ii) 
(in respect of a Subject Currency), the FX Coupon Performance determined 
by the Calculation Agent is, 
(A) equal to or greater than the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 and (B) less 
than or equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Level 2; 
(iii) 
if FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, that the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) the Day

--- Page 829 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 829 - 
Count Fraction, in each case in respect of the Current Interest Period is equal to or 
greater than the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; 
(iv) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption and SPS AER Valuation are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that: 
(1) 
the SPS AER Value 1 in respect of the AER Event 1 Underlying(s) is (aa) 
"greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less 
than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 1 as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early Redemption Event 
1"); and/or  
(2) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the SPS AER Value 2 in respect of the AER Event 
2 Underlying(s) is (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) 
"less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 2"); or 
(v) 
if Standard Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, that:  
(1) 
(A) if AER Event 1 Basket is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Level 1 or (B) if AER Event 1 
Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Basket 
Price 1 is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less 
than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level 
1 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Event 1");  
(2) 
if Automatic Early Redemption Event 2 is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms (A) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Level 
2 or (B) if AER Event 2 Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Basket Price 2 is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than 
or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic 
Early Redemption Level 2 as specified in the applicable Final Terms (the 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event 2"); 
(vi) 
if Single Standard Automatic Early Redemption and SPS AER Valuation are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the SPS AER Value is 
(aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", (cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than 
or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption Level as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
(vii) 
if Single Standard Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and SPS AER Valuation is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms that (A) in the case of a single Underlying Reference, the 
Underlying Reference Level or (B) in the case of a Basket of Underlying 
References, the Basket Price is, (aa) "greater than", (bb) "greater than or equal to", 
(cc) "less than" or (dd) "less than or equal to" the Automatic Early Redemption 
Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 830 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 830 - 
(viii) 
if AER Knock-out is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an AER Knock-out 
occurs; and/or 
(ix) 
if Digital Coupon or Snowball Digital Coupon is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of times the Digital Coupon Condition or 
Snowball Digital Coupon Condition, as the case may be, has been satisfied is equal 
to or greater than the Automatic Early Redemption Level as of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date;  
 "Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the price, level, amount, number or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, 
as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 1" means the price, level, amount, number or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, 
as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level 2" means the price, level, amount, number or 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time 
to time in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, 
as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" or "AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Date" or  "AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index 
Linked Certificates (other than Custom Index Linked Certificates), Share Linked 
Certificates, Debt Linked Certificates, Currency Linked Certificates or ETI Linked 
Certificates) a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in respect of Custom Index Linked 
Certificates), a Commodity Business Day (in respect of Commodity Linked Certificates), a 
Fund Business Day (in the case of Fund Linked Certificates (other than where the Fund is a 
Euro Fund)) or Business Day (in the case of other Certificates), as applicable, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, Commodity 
Business Day, Fund Business Day or Business Day, as applicable, unless, in the case of 
Index Linked Certificates, Share Linked Certificates, Debt Linked Certificates, Commodity 
Linked Certificates, Currency Linked Certificates or ETI Linked Certificates, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Linked 
Certificates (other than Custom Index Linked Certificates), Share Linked Certificates, Debt 
Linked Certificates, Currency Linked Certificates or ETI Linked Certificates), a Custom 
Index Disruption Event is occurring on such day (in respect of Custom Index Linked 
Certificates) or a Market Disruption Event is occurring on such day (in respect of 
Commodity Linked Certificates).  If any such day is a Disrupted Day, a day on which a 
Custom Index Disruption Event is occurring or (except in the case of Commodity Linked 
Certificates) a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, as applicable, then the 
corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis
as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date" or (in the case of Commodity Linked Certificates) if any such 
day is a day on which a Market Disruption Event is occurring, then the provisions of "Pricing 
Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provision to "Pricing Date" were

--- Page 831 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 831 - 
to "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date". For the purposes of the Relevant 
Adjustment Provisions, any references to "Valuation Date" shall be deemed to refer to 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date"; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Period" or "AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Period" or "AER 2 Redemption Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Basket of Underlying References" means, for the purposes of this Condition 8(s), the 
Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares, ETI Basket, Basket of Debt Securities, Basket of 
Commodities, or other basis of reference to which the value of the relevant Certificates may 
relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Basket Price 1" means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 1 
Underlying comprising the Basket of Underlying References as the product of (a) the 
Underlying Reference Level 1 of such AER Event 1 Underlying on such AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Date and (b) the relevant Weighting;  
"Basket Price 2" means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of the values for each AER Event 2 
Underlying comprising the Basket of Underlying References as the product of (a) the 
Underlying Reference Level 2 of such AER Event 2 Underlying on such AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date and (b) the relevant Weighting; 
"Cumulative Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, (a) the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period preceding the Current 
Interest Period as the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each case for such Interest Period plus (b) the 
product of (i) the Rate of Interest and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day 
Count Fraction, in each case for the Current Interest Period; 
"Current Interest Period" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date, the Interest Period during which such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
falls; 
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest 
Rate(i) specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, 
the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i)
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the 
Underlying Reference Rate determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value" means the value calculated in accordance 
with the following formula: 


n
1
i
(i)
(i)
Rate
Reference
g
 Underlyin
Multiple
 x 
Gearing
Rate
Interest 
g
 Underlyin
Multiple

--- Page 832 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 832 - 
"SPR AER Value", "SPS AER Value 1" or "SPS AER Value 2" means, in respect of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the value specified from Payout Condition 
1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Condition 8(s), each Index, 
Custom Index, Share, Debt Security, ETI Interest, Commodity, Commodity Index, Subject 
Currency, Fund, fund index or other basis of reference to which the relevant Certificates 
relate. If two or more Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as Multiple Underlying Component Rates each Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such 
(together the "Multiple Underlying Interest Rate") will be calculated separately and 
independently but for the purposes of this Condition 8 and the Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Conditions shall be deemed to together constitute an Underlying Reference; and 
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, (i) "official level", "official close", "last price", "bid price" or "asked price" 
of the Underlying Reference or the Italian Securities Reference Price as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, published by the Observation Price Source or (ii) if Standard 
Underlying Reference Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) in 
the case of Share Linked Certificates and ETI Linked Certificates, the price of the relevant 
Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Linked Certificates and Custom Index Linked 
Certificates, the level of the relevant Underlying Reference, (c) in the case of Commodity 
Linked Certificates, the Relevant Price, or (d) in the case of Currency Linked Certificates, 
the spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the Subject Currency into the Base Currency 
(expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such Subject Currency for which one 
unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), or (e) in the case of an Inflation Index, the 
Relevant Level, or (f) if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Multiple Underlying Interest Rate is specified 
as applicable, Multiple Underlying Reference Rate Value, in each case, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on such 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or, in the case of the "official close" level, at 
such time on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date as the "official close" level 
is published by the Observation Price Source. 
"Underlying Reference Level 1" means, in respect of any AER 1 Redemption Valuation 
Date, (i) if Standard Underlying Reference Level is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, (a) in the case of Share Linked Certificates and ETI Linked Certificates, the 
price of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying, (b) in the case of Index Linked Certificates 
and Custom Index Linked Certificates, the level of the relevant AER Event 1 Underlying, 
(c) in the case of Commodity Linked Certificates, the Relevant Price, (d) in the case of 
Currency Linked Certificates, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such 
Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), or (e) in the 
case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, in each case, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on such AER 1 Redemption 
Valuation Date or (ii) in the case of Debt Linked Certificates, the "last price" of the relevant 
AER Event 1 Underlying published by the Observation Price Source specified for such AER 
Event 1 Underlying; and 
"Underlying Reference Level 2" means, in respect of any AER 2 Redemption Valuation 
Date, (i) if Standard Underlying Reference Level is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, (a) in the case of Share Linked Certificates and ETI Linked Certificates, the 
price of the relevant AER Event 2 Underlying, (b) in the case of Index Linked Certificates 
and Custom Index Linked Certificates, the level of the relevant AER Event 2 Underlying, 
(c) in the case of Commodity Linked Certificates, the Relevant Price, (d) in the case of

--- Page 833 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 833 - 
Currency Linked Certificates, the spot rate of exchange for the exchange of the Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or part units) of such 
Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged), or (e) in the 
case of an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level, in each case, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent as of the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Time on such AER 2 Redemption 
Valuation Date or (ii) in the case of Debt Linked Certificates, the "last price" of the relevant 
AER Event 1 Underlying published by the Observation Price Source specified for such AER 
Event 1 Underlying. 
(C) 
Accrual 
Notwithstanding Condition 4(f), if FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption and Accrual 
to Automatic Early Redemption are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs on an Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date, interest will cease to accrue on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date. 
(D) 
AER Rate Determination 
(1)
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the AER Rate is determined by reference to 
a Screen Rate, the AER Rate will, subject as provided below, be either:
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at the AER Specified Time indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m. Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, 
or Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) (the "Screen Page AER Rate") on the relevant 
AER Reference Rate Determination Date plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the AER Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the AER Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if 
there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the AER Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (i), no offered 
quotation appears on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information) or, in the case of subparagraph (ii), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which 
displays the information), in each case as at the AER Specified Time, except as provided in 
paragraph (2) below the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the AER Reference Rate at the AER Specified Time on the AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with offered quotations, the AER Rate shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.0001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the 
relevant quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or in the event that two or more 
quotations are identical, one of the highest) and the lowest (or in the event that two or more 
quotations are identical, one of the lowest) plus or minus (as applicable) the AER Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 834 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 834 - 
If on any AER Reference Rate Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the AER Rate shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.0001, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates per annum, as communicated to the Calculation 
Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were 
offered, at the AER Specified Time on the relevant AER Reference Rate Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the AER Reference Rate by leading banks in the inter-bank market plus or minus 
(as applicable) the AER Margin (if any).  
If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered rates, 
the AER Rate shall be the offered rate for deposits in the Settlement Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the AER Reference Rate, or the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the AER Reference Rate, at which, 
at the AER Specified Time on the relevant AER Reference Rate Determination Date, any 
one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent 
suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the 
Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as applicable) the AER Margin (if any).  
If the AER Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Calculation Agent shall determine the AER Rate from such source(s) as it, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may select, except that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the absence of the quotation is due to the discontinuation 
of the Screen Page AER Rate, or the occurrence of a Reference Rate Fallback Event, then 
the AER Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with paragraph (2) below.  
(2) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date, that the Screen Page AER Rate has been discontinued or a Reference 
Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the 
Screen Page AER Rate, an alternative reference rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
to be the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in 
the jurisdiction or region of the currency of the relevant rate (each a "Relevant Nominating 
Body") that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more 
alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those alternative reference rates 
is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Certificates. If the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event 
before the Business Day prior to the applicable AER Reference Rate Determination Date) 
appoint an agent (the "Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine 
whether a substitute or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page 
AER Rate, is available for the purpose of determining the AER Reference Rate on each 
AER Reference Rate Determination Date falling on or after the date of such determination.  
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry accepted 
successor rate, the Reference Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such 
successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the AER Rate. 
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has 
determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such 
rate, the "Replacement AER Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining the AER

--- Page 835 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 835 - 
Reference Rate on each AER Reference Rate Determination Date falling on or after such 
determination: 
(i) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will also determine the changes (if any) required to the applicable Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining the 
Replacement AER Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such 
Replacement AER Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page AER Rate, 
including, where applicable, and if Unwind Costs is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such 
exposure to the Replacement Reference Rate, in each case acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for such Replacement AER Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
references to the AER Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be 
references to the relevant Replacement AER Reference Rate, including any 
alternative method for determining such rate as described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
will notify the Issuer of the Replacement AER Reference Rate, and the details 
described in (i) above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 
19, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent of the Replacement 
AER Reference Rate, and the details described in (i) above as soon as reasonably 
practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the Business 
Day prior to the applicable AER Reference Rate Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement AER Reference Rate and the other matters referred 
to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and the Certificateholders, 
unless the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines at a later date that the Replacement AER Reference Rate is no longer 
substantially comparable to the AER Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a 
Reference Rate Determination Agent, as the case may be (which may or may not be the 
same entity as the original Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) 
for the purpose of confirming the Replacement AER Reference Rate or determining a 
substitute Replacement AER Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in this 
paragraph (2). If the replacement Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement 
AER Reference Rate, then the Replacement AER Reference Rate will remain unchanged. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the relevant rate as appointed by the 
Calculation Agent, (y) the Swap Counterparty or the Guarantor (if any) or (z) an affiliate of 
the Swap Counterparty, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent. 
(3) 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum AER Reference Rate then, in the event 
that the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions is less 
than such Minimum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate calculated using such Minimum 
AER Reference Rate.

--- Page 836 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 836 - 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum AER Reference Rate then, in the event 
that the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater 
than such Maximum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be such Maximum AER 
Reference Rate. 
If 
the 
relevant 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback 
Event 
may 
also 
constitute 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
Condition 8(o)(A), the provisions of this Condition 8(s)(D)(3) will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to 
in) this Condition 8(s)(D)(3), the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Reference Rate 
Determination Agent (as applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and 
take all actions in respect of the Securities as are provided for in connection with a Reference 
Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that 
such Reference Rate Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may 
have occurred before the Issue Date of the Certificates. 
(t) 
Condition to Final Payout Premium 
Where "Condition to Final Payout Payment" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the obligation of the Issuer to pay a Final Payout Premium as part of the Final Redemption Amount 
will be subject to the receipt of an aggregate amount equal to the Final Payout Premium payable in 
respect of each Certificate outstanding on or prior to the Redemption Date from the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. In the event that the Swap Counterparty fails to pay an 
amount under the Swap Agreement or the Swap Agreement terminates for any reason other than as 
scheduled on its scheduled termination date or where the termination of the Swap Agreement has 
resulted from an Event of Default thereunder where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party, the Issuer will 
have no further obligation to pay an amount equal to the Final Payout Premium in respect of each 
Certificate (but without prejudice to the Issuer's obligations to pay an amount equal to the Scheduled 
Final Redemption Amount less the relevant Final Payout Premium in respect of each Certificate) 
and no Event of Default will occur in respect of such non-payment save where the termination of the 
Swap Agreement has resulted from an Event of Default thereunder where the Issuer is the Defaulting 
Party.  
For the purposes of this Condition 8(t): 
"Final Payout Premium" means, in respect of a Certificate, a pro rata share of an amount equal to 
the amount by which the Scheduled Final Redemption Amount is greater than the amount which the 
Issuer is scheduled to receive in respect of the Charged Assets other than the Swap Agreement on 
maturity or termination of such assets; and 
"Scheduled Final Redemption Amount" means an amount equal to the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount which would have been payable by the Issuer had the Swap Counterparty paid 
the amounts it was scheduled to pay under the Swap Agreement and/or the Swap Agreement had not 
terminated prior to the Redemption Date. 
(u) 
Dual Currency Redemption Certificates
If the Certificates are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Dual Currency Redemption 
Certificates, any amount payable on the redemption of the Certificates will be converted into the 
Settlement Currency at the Specified Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
no Specified Exchange Rate is specified, the Settlement Currency Exchange Rate on the relevant 
Settlement Currency Exchange Rate Observation Date.

--- Page 837 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 837 - 
References to amounts payable on the redemption of the Certificates shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which be payable with respect to principal under Condition 10; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Certificates; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Certificates; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Certificates; 
(v) 
the Instalment Amounts; 
(vi) 
the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (if any) of the Certificates; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Certificates. 
(v)
Autoroll 
If Autoroll is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and:
(a)
Autoroll Standard is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an Autoroll Event occurs, 
any of (i) the Final Payout and its related provisions, (ii) the Knock-in Event or Knock-out 
Event, as applicable, and its related provisions, (iii) the Automatic Early Redemption Event 
and its related provisions, (iv) the Strike Date, (v) the Coupon Payout and its related 
provisions and/or (vi) the Redemption Date, will be amended to the corresponding (i) Rolled 
Final Payout and its related provisions, (ii) Rolled Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event and 
its related provisions, (iii) Rolled Automatic Early Redemption Event and its related 
provisions, (iv) Rolled Strike Date, (v) Rolled Coupon Payout and its related provisions or 
(vi) Rolled Redemption Date, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms on and 
after the Autoroll Date immediately following the SPS AR Valuation Date or SPS AR 
Valuation Period, as applicable, on or in respect of which the Autoroll Event occurs; 
(b)
Autoroll Lock is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an Autoroll Event occurs, any 
level specified in the applicable Final Terms (each such level a "Rolling Level") in respect 
of (i) the Final Payout and its related provisions, (ii) the Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event 
and its related provisions, (iii) the Automatic Early Redemption Event and its related 
provisions and/or (iv) the Coupon Payout and its related provisions, will be amended to (x) 
if Autoroll Lock Product is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the product of such 
originally designated level and the relevant Locked Level or (y) if Autoroll Lock Divide is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such originally designated level divided by the 
relevant Locked Level, on and after the Autoroll Date immediately following the SPS AR 
Valuation Date or SPS AR Valuation Period, in respect of which the Autoroll Event occurs; 
or 
(c)
Autoroll Shift is specified in the applicable Final Terms and an Autoroll Event occurs, any 
level specified in the applicable Final Terms (each such level a "Rolling Level") in respect 
of (i) the Final Payout and its related provisions, (ii) the Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event 
and its related provisions, (iii) the Automatic Early Redemption Event and its related 
provisions and/or (iv) the Coupon Payout and its related provisions, will be amended to the 
relevant Shifted Level, on and after the Autoroll Date immediately following the SPS AR 
Valuation Date or SPS AR Valuation Period, as applicable, on or in respect of which the 
Autoroll Event occurs.

--- Page 838 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 838 - 
Notice of any amendment to any Rolling Level pursuant to (b) or (c) above will be given to Holders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates. 
Where: 
"Autoroll Date" means each date specified as such or determined pursuant to the provisions of the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Autoroll Event" means that: 
(a)
if Autoroll Standard is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the SPS AR Value is (i) 
"greater than", (ii) "equal to or greater than", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to", 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Autoroll Level, (x) on a SPS AR Valuation 
Date or (y) in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(b)
if Autoroll Lock is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the SPS AR Value is (i) "greater 
than", (ii) "equal to or greater than", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to", as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of the Lock Levels (x) on a SPS AR Valuation 
Date or (y) in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Period; or 
(c)
if Autoroll Shift is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the SPS AR Value is (i) "greater 
than", (ii) "equal to or greater than", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to", as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Shifted Level(t-1), (x) on a SPS AR Valuation 
Date or (y) in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Period, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Autoroll Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Cap Shifted Level" means the Cap Percentage; 
"Coupon Payout" means a payout set out in Payout Condition 1.1 or Payout Condition 2.1; 
"Floor Shifted Level" means the Floor Percentage; 
"Lock Level [1]/[2]/[3]/[4]" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Locked Level" means: 
(a)
if Lowest Lock Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, where the SPS AR Value 
in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Date or SPS AR Valuation Period, as applicable, is less 
than a Lock Level, but greater than or equal to the next lowest Lock Level, the lower of 
those two Lock Levels; or 
(b)
if Highest Lock Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, where the SPS AR Value 
in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Date or SPS AR Valuation Period, as applicable, is less 
than a Lock Level, but greater than or equal to the next lowest Lock Level, the higher of 
those two Lock Levels; 
"Shifted Level(0)" means the relevant Rolling Level or other number, amount, level or percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 839 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 839 - 
"Shifted Level(t-1)" means, in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Date or a SPS AR Valuation Period, 
as applicable, the Shifted Level in respect of the immediately preceding SPS AR Valuation Date or 
SPS AR Valuation Period, as applicable, or if none, Shifted Level(0); 
"Shifted Level" means: 
(a)
in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Date, the SPS AR Value in respect of such SPS AR 
Valuation Date; or 
(b)
in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Period, and: 
(i) if Lowest Shifted Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest SPS 
AR Value on any SPS AR Valuation Date in such SPS AR Valuation Period; 
(ii) if Highest Shifted Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the highest SPS 
AR Value on any SPS AR Valuation Date in such SPS AR Valuation Period; or 
(iii) if neither Lowest Shifted Level or Highest Shifted Level is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then SPS AR Value in respect of such SPS AR Valuation 
Period, 
provided that, the Shifted Level in respect of such SPS AR Valuation Date or SPS AR Valuation 
Period, as applicable, will not be (i) less than the Floor Shifted Level or (ii) greater than the Cap 
Shifted Level; 
"SPS AR Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Pricing Date, Underlying Interest 
Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS AR Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
"SPS AR Value" means, in respect of a SPS AR Valuation Date or a SPS AR Valuation Period, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(w)
Physical Settlement 
Where Physical Settlement upon Physical Delivery Event is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, Condition 8(w)(i) will apply and if Physical Settlement upon Early Redemption is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Condition 8(w)(ii) shall apply. 
(i) 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Physical Delivery Event has occurred 
and no Early Redemption Event has occurred, then the Issuer (or an agent acting on the 
Issuer’s behalf) shall as soon as reasonably practicable give notice of that event to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Trustee and the Swap 
Counterparty, and on the Unwind Date, the Issuer will deliver, in respect of each Certificate, 
the Entitlement in respect of such Certificate in accordance with Condition 8(w)(iii).  Upon 
the occurrence of a Physical Delivery Event and the delivery of the Entitlement to the 
Certificateholders, no termination of the Swap Agreement will occur in respect of such 
event but each Certificate shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date with a Final 
Redemption Amount equal to an amount equal to the Final Swap Payment.  For, the 
avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of calculating the interest amount payable (if any) in 
respect of a Certificate on any Interest Payment Date following the occurrence of a Physical 
Delivery Event, the Notional Amount of the Certificate shall be equal to its original Notional 
Amount (subject to no Early Redemption Event having occurred).  No Event of Default 
shall arise as a result of the occurrence of a Physical Delivery Event unless the Issuer fails

--- Page 840 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 840 - 
to deliver the relevant Entitlements in accordance with Condition 8(w)(iii).  Where the 
Calculation Agent determines that occurrence of an Early Redemption Event also 
constitutes a Physical Delivery Event such event shall be treated as a Physical Delivery 
Event in accordance with this Condition 8(w). 
As used in this Condition 8(w)(i): 
"Final Swap Payment" means a pro rata share of an amount equal to the payment which 
is paid by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement on or prior to the 
scheduled Redemption Date of the Certificates the quantum of which is determined in whole 
or part by reference to the performance of the relevant Underlying Reference (as defined in 
Condition 8(s)) (an "Underlying Reference Linked Payment") disregarding the effect of 
any payment netting or set off and excluding any such amounts paid by the Swap 
Counterparty which are used by the Issuer to fund payments of interest on the Certificates 
or if there is no such Underlying Reference Linked Payment due under the Swap 
Agreement, zero; 
"Physical Delivery Event" means the occurrence of one or more of a Reference Securities 
Regulatory Event, Reference Securities Restructuring Event and Regulatory Ratio Delivery 
Event; 
"Reference Securities Regulatory Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(l)(x); 
"Reference Securities Restructuring Event" has the meaning given to it in Condition 
7(l)(ix); 
"Regulatory Ratio Delivery Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that (i) the 
Relevant Regulator has informed the Reference Security Issuer that the Reference Securities 
are, or are likely to be, an impediment to resolution of the Reference Security Issuer 
pursuant to the Resolution Rules, (ii) the Reference Securities do not comply with the 
criteria applicable to eligible liabilities and are or are likely to be, excluded from the eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements of BNP Paribas according to 
the Relevant Rules as a consequence or (iii) the Reference Securities are deemed to fall 
outside the category of obligations described in article L.613-30-3-I-4°of the French Code 
monétaire et financier; 
"Unwind Date" means the date notified to the Noteholders by, or on behalf of, the Issuer 
in the notice giving notice of the occurrence of one or more Physical Delivery Event and 
which date must be not less than two Business Days after the date on which such notice is 
given. 
(ii) 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, an Early Redemption Event has occurred 
in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that Physical Delivery applies (a 
"Physical Delivery Early Redemption Event"), it shall notify the Issuer, and the Issuer 
(or an agent acting on the Issuer’s behalf) shall give notice of the early redemption of the 
Certificates to the holders of the Certificates in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and 
the Trustee, and, on the date specified for redemption (which must be not less than 15 
calendar days nor more than 30 calendar days after the date on which such notice is given 
by the Issuer) (the "Early Redemption Date"), the Issuer will deliver in respect of each 
Certificate the Entitlement in respect of such Certificate in accordance with Condition 
8(w)(iii) (where no prior Physical Delivery Event has occurred), together with payment of 
a pro rata share of the Physical Delivery Early Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Certificate.  Redemption of the Certificates on the Early Redemption Date will extinguish 
all obligations of the Issuer under the Certificates. For the avoidance of doubt, if any Early

--- Page 841 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 841 - 
Redemption Event occurs which is not a Physical Delivery Early Redemption Event, such 
Early Redemption Event shall be governed by Condition 8(l) and not this Condition 8(w). 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(w)(ii), "Physical Delivery Early Redemption 
Amount" means an amount equal to any termination payment received by the Issuer under 
the relevant Swap Agreement and any amounts received from the realisation of the Charged 
Assets (other than the Reference Securities) after the deduction of any fees (including, 
without limitation, any legal fees), costs, expenses and taxes of the Issuer and, if applicable, 
any Delivery Agent, in respect of the delivery of the Reference Securities and the early 
redemption of the Certificates, any due and unpaid fees, costs and expenses of the Trustee 
and the Agents and any amounts due to be paid to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement. 
(iii) 
Following the occurrence of a Physical Delivery Event or Physical Delivery Early 
Redemption Event, any delivery of the Entitlement shall take place in accordance with 
Condition 6(b).  For the purposes of Condition 6(b)(C), following any Physical Delivery 
Early Redemption Event, the Expenses payable by a Certificateholder shall be calculated 
after the application of any termination payment received by the Issuer from the Swap 
Counterparty to pay such Expenses (and the Physical Delivery Early Redemption Amount 
shall be reduced accordingly).  The provisions of Condition 6(b)(i)(E) shall not apply to the 
Certificates unless Settlement Disruption Event is specified to be applicable to Physical 
Delivery Events and/or Early Redemption Events in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
For the purposes of this Condition 8(w) (and where such term is used in Condition 6): 
"Entitlement" means, in respect of each Certificate, a pro rata share of the Reference 
Securities then held by the Issuer or, where applicable, any securities or other assets 
resulting from the conversion of the Reference Securities into other securities ("Alternative 
Securities"); and 
"Relevant Assets" means the Reference Securities and/or, as the case may be, any 
Alternative Securities. 
(x) 
Suspension of payments
Where "Suspension of Payments" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that a Suspension Event has occurred, no payment of Final 
Redemption Amount or interest shall be made by the Issuer in respect of the Certificates during the 
Suspension Period as set out in Condition 4(j) (in the case of interest).  If, at any time during the 
Suspension Period, the Calculation Agent determines that an Early Redemption Event has occurred, 
then the provisions of Condition 8(l) shall apply. In determining whether a payment failure has (or 
may have) occurred, the Calculation Agent may rely on evidence of non-receipt of funds. For the 
purposes of these Conditions: 
"Suspension Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that facts exist which may (assuming 
the expiration of any applicable grace period) amount to (a) an Asset Payment Default Event 
(disregarding any terms allowing for non-payment, deferral or adjustments to any scheduled 
payments and any notice period in respect thereof) in respect of any relevant Reference Securities 
(where Asset Payment Default Event is specified as an Early Redemption Event in respect of the 
relevant Certificates), or (b) an Asset Default Event in respect of any relevant Reference Securities 
(where Asset Default Event is specified as an Early Redemption Event in respect of the relevant 
Certificates) or (c) an RCA Payment Default Event as if No Grace Period had been specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (and disregarding any terms allowing for non-payment, deferral or 
adjustments to any scheduled payments and any notice period in respect thereof) in respect of any 
relevant Reference Securities (where Annex 12 (Additional Terms for Notional Value Repack

--- Page 842 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 842 - 
Securities) is applicable and RCA Payment Default Event is specified as an Early Redemption Event 
in respect of the relevant Certificates); 
"Suspension Period" means, where" Suspension of Payments" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the period commencing on the Suspension Period Start Date and with a 
duration equal to: 
(a) 
if no period is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Suspension Period, the longer 
of (i) ten Business Days and (ii) the grace period applicable to the relevant Reference 
Securities (determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Reference Securities); or 
(b) 
the period specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Suspension Period; and 
"Suspension Period Start Date" means the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Suspension Event has occurred. 
(y)
Open End Certificates
If "Open End" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, unless the Certificates have 
previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled: 
(i)
unless the Certificates are specified as "Put/Call Open End" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Certificate will be redeemed by the Issuer by payment of the 
Final Redemption Amount on the Redemption Date of such Open End Certificates, which 
will, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, be the date falling (5) five Business 
Days after the relevant Averaging Date, Observation Date, Strike Date or, as applicable, 
Valuation Date determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that the relevant Averaging 
Date, Observation Date, Strike Date or Valuation Date so determined by the Calculation 
Agent is notified to the Holders of Securities at the latest ten (10) Business Days prior to 
the contemplated date in accordance with Condition 19; or 
(ii)
if the Certificates are specified as "Put/Call Open End Certificates" in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Certificate will be redeemed in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
8(b) or 8(c) as the case may be. 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of the Certificates is not a Business Day, the 
noteholder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day and shall 
not be entitled to any further payment in respect of such delay. 
9. 
Charged Assets 
(a)
Compartment Assets 
(i)  
In respect of any Series of Certificates, "Compartment" shall mean the compartment 
created by the Board of the Issuer pursuant to the Securitisation Act 2004 under which the 
Certificates are to be issued. Each Compartment will comprise a pool of Issuer assets and 
liabilities separate from the pools of Issuer assets and liabilities relating to any other 
Compartments. In respect of any Series of Certificates and any Related Certificates, such 
assets will consist of the Charged Assets (as defined in Condition 8(c) (Compartment 
Security) below), which Charged Assets may include, inter alia, the assets specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as "Compartment Assets" or where such assets are converted into 
or exchanged for new assets, such new assets or, in each case any redemption or other 
proceeds received by the Issuer in respect thereof relating to such exchange or conversion

--- Page 843 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 843 - 
(the "Compartment Assets") and which Compartment Assets may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to be "Reference Securities" or where such assets are converted into 
or exchanged for new assets, such new assets or, in each case any redemption or other 
proceeds received by the Issuer in respect thereof relating to such exchange or conversion 
(the "Reference Securities").   
(ii) 
Subject to the Trust Deed (but without prejudice to the rights of the Issuer under Condition 
8(n) (Redemption Date Extension)), in order to meet any part of its obligations under the 
Certificates or any Related Certificates in respect of (A) any redemption thereof, (B) any 
Related Agreements or "Related Agreements" (as defined under the terms and conditions 
of any such Related Certificates), (C) any agreements for the purchase of the Certificates or 
(D) any other payments (if any) due from the Issuer under these Conditions and/or the Trust 
Deed in relation to the Certificates or Related Certificates), the Issuer may, at any time, 
procure the liquidation of some or all of the Compartment Assets provided that (1) where 
such liquidation relates to a Multi-Series Compartment where there are Related Certificates 
outstanding and (2) the Compartment Asset Coverage Test is specified to be applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall not liquidate any Compartment Asset where 
such liquidation would mean that the Compartment Asset Coverage Test would be breached 
(determined as of the date of the relevant liquidation) in respect of any remaining 
Certificates and/or Related Certificates. 
As used in these Conditions: 
"Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage" means 100 per cent. or such other percentage 
specified in the applicable Final Terms of (a) the aggregate Notional Amount outstanding 
of the Certificates and the Related Certificates remaining after the purchase or redemption 
of Certificates referred to in this Condition 9(a)(ii) or, as applicable, the issue of Further 
Certificates or Related Certificates referred to in Condition 17 or (b) if Compartment Asset 
Coverage Market Value Percentage is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the Certificates and 
Related Certificates remaining after the purchase or redemption of Certificates referred to 
in this Condition 9(a)(ii) or, as applicable, the issue of Further Certificates or Related 
Certificates referred to in Condition 17.  
"Compartment Asset Coverage Test" means (a) where Compartment Asset Coverage 
Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the market value of 
the Compartment Assets held in respect of the relevant Compartment (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) is equal to or greater than the Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage 
or (b) where Compartment Asset Coverage Nominal Value is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the nominal amount of the Compartment Assets held in respect of 
the relevant Compartment (as determined by the Calculation Agent) is equal to or greater 
than the applicable Compartment Asset Coverage Percentage. 
(iii)  
In accordance with the Securitisation Act 2004, the Charged Assets are available 
exclusively to satisfy the rights of the Secured Parties (as defined in Condition 9(e) 
(Application of Proceeds)). 
(iv) 
In connection with the issue of the Certificates and any Related Certificates there may be 
executed one or more interest rate and/or currency exchange agreements, credit default swap 
agreements, swap agreements exchanging payment flows on an asset, total return swap 
agreements, option agreements and/or other derivative transactions (each a "Swap 
Agreement") between the Issuer and one or more swap counterparties (each a "Swap 
Counterparty") and one or more deposit agreements (each a "Deposit Agreement") 
between the Issuer and one or more deposit counterparties (each a "Deposit

--- Page 844 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 844 - 
Counterparty") and one or more collateral exchange agreements (each a "Collateral 
Exchange Agreement") between the Issuer and one or more collateral exchange 
counterparties (each a "Collateral Exchange Counterparty") and one or more repurchase 
agreements (each a "Repurchase Agreement") with BNP Paribas or BNP Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C. (each a "Repo Counterparty" and, together with each Swap 
Counterparty, Collateral Exchange Counterparty and Deposit Counterparty, each a 
"Counterparty").  In addition, in connection with any issue of Certificates and any Related 
Certificates, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty may enter into a credit support annex, 
credit support deed or pledge or such other security interest governed by the law of such 
other jurisdiction specified in the applicable Final Terms over collateral in favour of the 
Issuer in connection with any relevant Swap Agreement (a "Credit Support Annex", a 
"Credit Support Deed" and a "Pledge") respectively and, together with the Swap 
Agreement, the Deposit Agreement, the Collateral Exchange Agreement and the 
Repurchase Agreement, the "Related Agreements"). 
(v) 
Where no reference is made in the applicable Issue Deed to any Swap Agreement, 
Repurchase Agreement, Collateral Exchange Agreement or Deposit Agreement, references 
in these Terms and Conditions to any such document or agreement and to any Swap 
Counterparty, Repo Counterparty, Collateral Exchange Counterparty or Counterparty, as 
the case may be, shall not be applicable. 
(b)
Custodian; Custody Account; Account Bank; Compartment Account  
(i) 
Each Custody Account (as defined below), together with such Compartment Assets as are 
capable of being so held, will be held by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer, and each 
Compartment Account (as defined below) will be held by the Account Bank, in each case 
on and subject to (A) the terms and conditions of the Agency Agreement, (B) the 
Securitisation Act 2004 and (C) in the cases of the Compartment Assets, the Custody 
Account and the Compartment Account, the terms and conditions of the Compartment 
Security created pursuant to the Trust Deed and/or any Additional Security Document.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer reserves the right to 
replace the Custodian at any time, but only with the prior written consent of the Trustee and 
in accordance with (x) the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004 and (y) the relevant 
CSSF instructions and/or guidelines.  Notice of such change shall be given to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices).  If it is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms that there is a Sub-Custodian in relation to the Compartment Assets, 
such Sub-Custodian (which expression shall include any additional or successor sub-
custodians from time to time appointed) shall hold such Compartment Assets as are capable 
of being so held on behalf of the Custodian, on and subject to the terms of an agreement 
between the Sub-Custodian and the Custodian.  References herein to the "Custodian" shall, 
as the context requires, be construed as references to the Custodian, the Sub-Custodian 
and/or any additional or successor custodians appointed from time to time.   
(ii) 
If the Charged Assets of the Issuer in respect of a Compartment include Compartment 
Assets, in respect of such Compartment the Custodian (on behalf of the Issuer) shall 
establish and maintain an account in the name of the Issuer (the "Custody Account") with 
a bank or other financial institution (which shall be the Custodian unless an alternative 
financial institution specified in the applicable Final Terms). The Custody Account for the 
Compartment shall be entirely separate from any other accounts of the Issuer and the 
Custodian, including, without limitation, the accounts established in connection with any 
other Compartment(s).  Such Compartment Assets shall only be removed from the Custody 
Account at such times and in such amounts as are contemplated in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Trust Deed or in order for the Issuer (or any appointee on its behalf) and

--- Page 845 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 845 - 
the Trustee (or any receiver) to fulfil their respective obligations under the Certificates and 
any Related Certificates, Related Agreements and pursuant to the Trust Deed.   
(iii) 
Where "Compartment Account" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of the relevant Compartment the Issuer shall establish and maintain one or more 
account in the name of the Issuer (the "Compartment Account") with a bank or other 
financial institution (which shall be the financial institution specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, unless no such financial institution is specified in which case it shall be the Account 
Bank). The Compartment Account for the Compartment shall be entirely separate from any 
other accounts of the Issuer and the Account Bank, including, without limitation, the 
accounts established in connection with any other Compartment(s).  Amounts standing to 
the credit of the Compartment Account shall only be removed from the Compartment 
Account at such times and in such amounts as are contemplated in these Terms and 
Conditions and the Trust Deed or in order for the Issuer (or any appointee on its behalf) and 
the Trustee (or any receiver) to fulfil their respective obligations under the Certificates or 
Related Agreements and pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
(c)
Compartment Security 
(i) 
The Issuer has (as specified in the Trust Deed relating to the Certificates and any Related 
Certificates or in another relevant security document relating to the Certificates and any 
Related Certificates), assigned or created a first fixed charge, and/or other security interest, 
in each case in favour of the Trustee for itself and as trustee for the Secured Parties, over or 
in respect of:  
(A) 
the present and future Compartment Assets relating to the relevant Compartment 
and all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in respect 
of sums derived from the present and future Compartment Assets relating to the 
relevant Compartment (including, without limitation, any proceeds of the sale 
thereof);  
(B) 
(x) the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under 
all sums held by the Agents, the Account Bank (including sums standing to the 
credit of the Compartment Account) and the Custodian to meet payments due in 
respect of the Certificates relating to the relevant Compartment (the "Cash 
Assets"); (y) any sums of money, securities or other property received or receivable 
by the Issuer under any Related Agreement (including, without limitation, any 
Swap Agreement, any Deposit Agreement and any Repurchase Agreement) 
relating to the relevant Compartment; and (z) all of the Issuer's rights, title, interest 
and benefit, present and future, as against the Custodian in respect of any sum 
standing to the credit of the Custody Account (as defined in Condition 9(b) relating 
to the relevant Compartment); and 
(C) 
the Issuer's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in, to and under any 
Transaction Document (including without limitation any Swap Agreement, any 
Deposit Agreement and any Repurchase Agreement) and any agreement for the 
sale, transfer and/or delivery of assets relating to the relevant Compartment (as 
contemplated under Condition 9(a) and any sums received or receivable by the 
Issuer under any such agreement.   
(ii) 
If it is stated in the applicable Final Terms that the security for the Certificates is "Charged 
Assets charged to Trustee; additional foreign law security", the Issuer has in the Trust Deed 
created the security specified in sub-paragraph (i) above and has, in addition and without 
prejudice to the security specified as aforesaid, executed in favour of the Trustee the pledge

--- Page 846 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 846 - 
or security or other agreement or document specified in the applicable Final Terms (each 
an "Additional Security Document").  
(iii) 
The security described in sub-paragraph (i) and, as the case may be, sub-paragraph (ii) shall 
be referred to herein as the "Compartment Security" and the assets described in sub-
paragraph (i) and, as the case may be, sub-paragraph (ii) shall be referred to herein as the 
"Charged Assets".   
(d)
General provisions relating to security  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Compartment Security constituted or 
created pursuant to the Trust Deed and any Additional Security Document will be granted to the 
Trustee for itself and for the other Secured Parties (as defined in Condition 9(e) as continuing 
security for (i) the payment of all sums due to the Trustee or any appointee or any receiver under the 
Trust Deed and/or any Additional Security Document or due under the Certificates and any Related 
Certificates, (ii) the performance of the Issuer's obligations under any Related Agreement (including 
any Swap Agreement) and (iii) the payment of all sums payable to the Agents pursuant to any 
provision of the Agency Agreement (including the provisions which require the Issuer to reimburse 
(and to pay interest on the amount reimbursed as provided in the Agency Agreement) to the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Registrar for any amount paid out by the Principal Warrant and 
Certificate Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, to the Certificateholders before receipt of the 
corresponding amount due from the Issuer). 
(e)
Application of Proceeds 
(i) 
The Trustee shall (subject to the provisions of the Trust Deed) apply (1) all moneys received 
by it under the provisions of the Trust Deed and any Additional Security Document in 
connection with the realisation or enforcement as described in Condition 14 of the 
Compartment Security constituted by or pursuant to the Trust Deed and any Additional 
Security Document and/or (2) the Reference Securities in the manner set out in Condition 
14(b) (where Condition 14(b) is applicable) in accordance with the Order of Priority 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (such amounts being the "Available Enforcement 
Proceeds").   
(ii) 
By subscribing to or otherwise acquiring the Certificates, each Certificateholder expressly 
consents to the provisions of this Condition 9(e), the order of priority specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Order of Priority") and the limitation of its rights in 
accordance with article 64 of the Securitisation Act 2004 and is deemed to have accepted 
and agreed to such provisions and the consequences thereof.  If no Order of Priority is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Order of Priority shall be Swap Counterparty 
Priority as set out below. 
(iii) 
If: 
(A) 
"Swap Counterparty Priority" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Available Enforcement Proceeds and/or the Reference Securities in the manner set 
out in Condition 14(b) (where Condition 14(b) is applicable) shall be applied as 
follows: 
(1) 
first, the proceeds of realisation of the securities held in the Compartment 
Account will be applied to the extent required to meet any termination 
payment due to the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement 
(if any);

--- Page 847 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 847 - 
(2) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Trustee's remuneration and the 
fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts in the Trust Deed in relation 
to the Certificates and any Related Certificates (including, but not limited 
to, any taxes required to be paid and the costs of realising any security and 
payment of any indemnity claims of the Trustee); 
(3) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of each of the Agents' fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities incurred pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement; 
(4) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty 
under each Swap Agreement relating to the Certificates and the Related 
Certificates and the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement (if any) relating to the Certificates and the Related 
Certificates.  If the moneys received by the Trustee are not enough to pay 
such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of 
the amount due to each party entitled to such payment; 
(5) 
fifthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Certificateholders and 
the holders of any Related Certificates. If the moneys received by the 
Trustee are not enough to pay such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply 
them pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such 
payment; and 
(6) 
sixthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
(B) 
"Pari Passu Ranking" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Available 
Enforcement Proceeds and/or the Reference Securities in the manner set out in 
Condition 14(b)(where Condition 14(b) is applicable) shall be applied as follows: 
(1) 
first, the proceeds of realisation of the securities held in the Compartment 
Account will be applied to the extent required to meet any termination 
payment due to the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement 
(if any); 
(2) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Trustee's remuneration and the 
fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts in the Trust Deed in relation 
to the Certificates and any Related Certificates (including, but not limited 
to, any taxes required to be paid and the costs of realising any security and 
payment of any indemnity claims of the Trustee); 
(3) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of each of the Agents' fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities incurred pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement; 
(4) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty 
under each Swap Agreement relating to the Certificates and the Related 
Certificates, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement (if any) relating to the Certificates and the Related 
Certificates and the Certificateholders and the holders of any Related 
Certificates. If the moneys received by the Trustee are not enough to pay 
such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of 
the amount due to each party entitled to such payment; and

--- Page 848 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 848 - 
(5) 
fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; and 
(C) 
"Certificateholder Priority" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Available 
Enforcement Proceeds and/or the Reference Securities in the manner set out in 
Condition 14(b) (where Condition 14(b) is applicable) shall be applied as follows: 
(1) 
first, the proceeds of realisation of the securities held in the Compartment 
Account will be applied to the extent required to meet any termination 
payment due to the Repo Counterparty under the Repurchase Agreement 
(if any); 
(2) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the Trustee's remuneration and the 
fees, costs, charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by the Trustee or any 
receiver in preparing and executing the trusts in the Trust Deed in relation 
to the Certificates and the Related Certificates (including, but not limited 
to, any taxes required to be paid and the costs of realising any security and 
payment of any indemnity claims of the Trustee); 
(3) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of each of the Agents' fees, costs, 
charges, expenses and liabilities incurred pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement; 
(4) 
fourthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Certificateholders 
and the holders of any Related Certificates. If the moneys received by the 
Trustee are not enough to pay such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply 
them pro rata on the basis of the amount due to each party entitled to such 
payment; 
(5) 
fifthly, rateably in meeting the claims (if any) of the Swap Counterparty 
under each Swap Agreement relating to the Certificates and any Related 
Certificates and the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement (if any) relating to the Certificates and any Related 
Certificates. If the moneys received by the Trustee are not enough to pay 
such amounts in full, the Trustee shall apply them pro rata on the basis of 
the amount due to each party entitled to such payment; and 
(6) 
sixthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
"Secured Parties" means each of the Trustee, any receiver, the Certificateholders, the Swap 
Counterparty, the Repo Counterparty (if any), the Collateral Exchange Counterparty (if any) and the 
Agents (each, a "Secured Party"). 
(f) 
Compartment Assets substitution by Swap Counterparty 
Where this Condition 9(f) is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms then the Compartment 
Assets may be substituted in whole or in part by the Swap Counterparty.  
The Swap Counterparty may substitute the Compartment Assets for:  
(i) 
either securities denominated in the currency specified in the Final Terms issued by the 
entity specified as the eligible collateral issuer (each, an "Eligible Compartment Assets 
Issuer") in the Final Terms ("Eligible Compartment Assets Issuer Obligations"); or  
(ii) 
such other securities, obligations or an amount of cash in the currency in which the 
principal amount of the existing Compartment Assets is expressed to be payable where 
"Alternative Substitution" is specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 849 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 849 - 
The new securities, obligations or cash to be substituted must be in a principal amount equal (or, if 
in another currency, the equivalent to the principal amount of the currency in which the Compartment 
Assets are expressed to be payable, as determined on the date of such substitution by the Swap 
Counterparty in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to the then fair market value 
of the Certificates as determined by the Swap Counterparty (or, in the case of a substitution or 
redemption of part only of the Compartment Assets, of the relevant proportion thereof as at the date 
of such substitution). 
The securities, obligations or cash which may be substituted for the Compartment Assets shall be 
delivered (or paid, in the case of cash) by the Swap Counterparty to the Custodian or such other 
relevant Counterparty.  
By making any substitution pursuant to this Condition 9(f) the Swap Counterparty shall be deemed 
to agree with the Issuer and the Trustee that its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement shall 
continue in full force and effect irrespective of such substitution and that no termination or 
adjustment to its obligations thereunder shall occur as a consequence of such substitution.  
The Trustee shall, upon notice from the Swap Counterparty (upon which the Trustee may rely 
without further enquiry) that the conditions for substitution referred to in this Condition 9(f) are met, 
release the Compartment Assets to be substituted from the security created in respect of it under the 
Trust Deed. The Issuer, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty will upon such substitution enter into 
such further documentation as may be required (if at all) by any applicable law and/or as may be 
required by the Trustee to give effect to the creation of security over any replacement securities, 
obligations or cash amounts in the manner set out in this Condition 9(f). 
References in these Conditions and the Trust Deed to "Compartment Assets" shall be deemed to 
include any substituted Compartment Assets and references to "Charged Assets" shall be deemed 
to include any additional assets or rights charged or assigned in favour of the Trustee pursuant to 
such substitution.  
Where "Substitution Notification" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall give 
notice of any substitution to Certificateholders under this Condition 9(f) in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) and, in relation to any Certificates listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (or if listed on another stock exchange to such other stock 
exchange) and will, if required by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (or of such other 
stock exchange), prepare a supplement to any applicable prospectus or such other documents as may 
be required.  
If this Condition 9(f) is applicable, the Trustee and any Certificateholders may at any time require 
the Issuer to notify them of the composition of the Compartment Assets at such time.  
The Swap Counterparty may substitute the Compartment Assets in accordance with this Condition 
9(f) without regard to the projected market value of substitute securities or obligations.  There is no 
guarantee that the value of such Compartment Assets in the event of termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement, taking into account any termination payment due under such Swap Agreement to or from 
the Swap Counterparty, will equal or exceed the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each 
Certificate.  
(g) 
Compartment Assets substitution under a Credit Support Annex, Credit Support Deed or Pledge 
Where the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into a Credit Support Annex in respect of 
any Swap Agreement, then the Compartment Assets may be substituted in whole or in part by the 
Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex.

--- Page 850 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 850 - 
The securities, obligations or cash which may be substituted for the Compartment Assets shall be 
delivered (or paid, in the case of cash) by the Swap Counterparty to the Custodian (or, where an 
alternative bank or institution is specified as custodian for the Collateral in the applicable Final 
Terms, to such entity).  
By making any substitution pursuant to this Condition 9(g), the Swap Counterparty shall be deemed 
to agree with the Issuer and the Trustee that its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement shall 
continue in full force and effect irrespective of such substitution and that no termination or 
adjustment to its obligations thereunder shall occur as a consequence of such substitution.  
In the case of Compartment Assets substitution under a Credit Support Annex, the Trustee shall, 
upon notice from the Swap Counterparty (upon which the Trustee may rely without further enquiry) 
that the conditions for substitution referred to in this Condition 9(g) are met, release the 
Compartment Assets to be substituted from the security created in respect of it under the Trust Deed. 
The Issuer, the Trustee and the Swap Counterparty will upon such substitution enter into such further 
documentation as may be required (if at all) by any applicable law and/or as may be required by the 
Trustee to give effect to the creation of security over any replacement securities, obligations or cash 
amounts in the manner set out in this Condition 9(g). 
After any substitution, references in these Conditions and the Trust Deed to "Compartment Assets" 
shall be deemed to include any Compartment Assets substituted and references to "Charged Assets" 
shall be deemed to include any additional assets or rights charged or assigned in favour of the Trustee 
pursuant to such substitution.  
Where substitution of the Compartment Assets takes place in accordance with the terms of any credit 
support annex, the Issuer shall not be obliged to give notice of any substitution to Certificateholders 
under this Condition 9(g). 
If this Condition 9(g) is applicable, the Trustee may at any time require the Issuer to notify it of the 
composition of the Compartment Assets at such time.  
Where the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into a Credit Support Deed in respect of 
any Swap Agreement, the collateral secured under the relevant Credit Support Deed may be 
substituted in whole or in part by the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Credit Support Deed.  
Where the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into a Pledge in respect of any Swap 
Agreement, the assets that are subject to the relevant Pledge may be substituted in whole or in part 
by the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant Pledge.  
The Swap Counterparty may substitute the Compartment Assets in accordance with this Condition 
9(g) without regard to the projected market value of substitute securities or obligations.  There is no 
guarantee that the value of such Compartment Assets in the event of termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement, taking into account any termination payment due under such Swap Agreement to or from 
the Swap Counterparty, will equal or exceed the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each 
Certificate. 
(h) 
Swap Counterparty optional termination 
Where this Condition 9(h) is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Swap Counterparty 
may (unless it is the Defaulting Party under, and as defined in, the relevant Swap Agreement) opt to 
terminate a Swap Agreement in whole or in part in accordance with either or both of the methods 
set out below (as specified in the Final Terms).

--- Page 851 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 851 - 
(i) 
Redemption following Swap Counterparty optional termination 
Where "Swap Counterparty optional termination - Call option" is specified as being 
applicable in the Final Terms, the following will apply: 
The Swap Counterparty may opt to terminate a Swap Agreement in whole or in part on 
either on any date specified as being applicable in the Final Terms upon the number of 
Business Days' notice specified as being applicable in the Final Terms.  
Such optional termination will lead to early redemption in whole or in part, as the case may 
be, of the Certificates in the manner set out in this Condition 9(h).   
(ii)
Repurchase:
Where this Condition 9(h)(ii) is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Swap 
Counterparty may opt to terminate a Swap Agreement (or where a Swap Agreement has 
been entered into respect of the Certificates and one or more series of Related Certificates, 
the Series Transaction) upon service of written notice on the Issuer with a copy to the 
Trustee, in whole or in part and without payment by either party, if any of the Certificates 
to which that transaction relates are purchased by or on behalf of the Swap Counterparty or 
any of its subsidiaries or affiliates ("Purchased Certificates").  Where such option is 
exercised, such Swap Agreement, or as applicable, the Series Transaction will terminate pro 
rata in the proportion (the "Proportion") that the aggregate notional amount of the 
Purchased Certificates bears to the aggregate notional amount of the Certificates remaining 
outstanding (or, where applicable, unexercised) immediately prior to the purchase of the 
Purchased Certificates by the Swap Counterparty or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 
Upon service of such notice, the Swap Counterparty will be either (A) authorised by the 
Issuer to take delivery of and/or deliver and/or realise on the Issuer's behalf the Proportion 
of the Charged Assets (if any) charged to or otherwise secured in favour of the Trustee under 
the Trust Deed or (B) entitled to payment of an amount equal to the Proportion of the 
Charged Assets where the Charged Assets is constituted by cash ("Realised Collateral"). 
The Realised Collateral will be payable or deliverable, as the case may be, by the Issuer to 
or to the order of the Swap Counterparty, in the contractual currency paid by the Issuer under 
the relevant Swap Agreement or, if applicable, Series Transaction (where the Realised 
Collateral is not being delivered). Upon receipt of the Realised Collateral, the Swap 
Counterparty will deliver to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent the Purchased 
Certificates for cancellation. In such circumstances:  
(1) 
the Issuer will be deemed to have consented to the Trustee releasing the Realised 
Collateral to the Swap Counterparty upon termination of the relevant Swap 
Agreement or, as applicable, the relevant Series Transaction in the manner 
described in this Condition 9(h);  
(2) 
where relevant, the Swap Counterparty, on behalf of the Issuer, will be deemed to 
be authorised by the Issuer to realise the Proportion of the Charged Assets; and  
(3) 
the Trustee will, unless an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default has 
occurred, be deemed to release the Realised Collateral from the security created in 
respect of it under the Trust Deed. 
Where "Initial Condition Precedent" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer's obligation to pay or procure the payment of the Initial Remittance under the 
Deposit Agreement and/or to purchase the relevant Reference Securities and/or to pay the 
purchase price under the Repurchase Agreement to buy the securities which will constitute 
the Reference Securities under the Repurchase Agreement, as the case may be, will be

--- Page 852 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 852 - 
subject to the condition precedent that the Dealer has determined in its absolute discretion 
that it has received from the Acquiring Party an amount equal to the Initial Remittance by 
no later than the Initial Condition Precedent Time on the Initial Condition Precedent Date.  
If the Dealer determines that it has not received such amounts, the Swap Counterparty may 
terminate the Swap Agreement, or, as applicable, the Series Transaction in accordance with 
this Condition 9(h)(ii) and the Issuer shall repurchase the Certificates in accordance with 
this Condition 9(h)(ii), which will lead to the termination of the Deposit Agreement (where 
applicable). 
As used in this Condition 9(h)(ii), 
"Acquiring Party" means the Authorised Offeror or such other party specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Proceeds Amount" means each amount specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Proceeds Payer" means the Swap Counterparty or, if Alternative Additional 
Proceeds Payer is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Repo Counterparty; 
"Authorised Offeror" means the party specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Dealer" means the party specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Condition Precedent Date" means the Issue Date unless specified otherwise in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Condition Precedent Time" means 12.00 noon (Central European Time) unless 
specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Initial Remittance" means (a) where Full Proceeds is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 100 per cent. of the net proceeds of issue of the Notes (the "Full Proceeds 
Amount"), (b) where Partial Proceeds is specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
proportion of the net proceeds of issue of the Securities less than 100 per cent. thereof (such 
lower amount, the "Partial Proceeds Amount") and (c) where either Full Proceeds or 
Partial Proceeds is specified and Additional Proceeds is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms either the Full Proceeds Amount or the Partial Proceeds Amount, as 
the case may be, plus the Additional Proceeds Amount paid to the Issuer by the Additional 
Proceeds Payer. 
(i)
Residual Shortfall 
In the case of Certificates (but without prejudice to the rights of a holder of Guaranteed Certificates 
under the Guarantee (if applicable)), if the net proceeds of the realisation or enforcement of the 
Charged Assets created pursuant to the Trust Deed and/or any Additional Security Document in 
respect of the Charged Assets following payment of all prior ranking amounts (the "Net Proceeds") 
are not sufficient to make all payments due in respect of such Certificates, and any Related 
Certificates then:  
(i) 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of such Certificates and any such Related Certificates 
will be limited to such Net Proceeds and neither the Trustee nor any Secured Party nor 
anyone acting on behalf of any Secured Party shall have any claim in respect of any asset 
of the Issuer not forming part of the Charged Assets; and  
(ii) 
the Issuer will not be obliged to make any further payment in excess of the Net Proceeds 
and any Certificateholder's right to receive any further sums in respect of any Residual

--- Page 853 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 853 - 
Shortfall shall be extinguished in full, and neither the Trustee nor any Secured Party nor 
anyone acting on behalf of any Secured Party shall be entitled to take any further steps 
against the Issuer or the Trustee to recover any such Residual Shortfall.   
No Secured Party nor any party to the Trust Deed shall be entitled to petition or take any other step 
for the winding-up of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the opening of any bankruptcy 
(faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (insolvabilité liquidation volontaire ou 
judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from payment 
(sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion contrôlée), fraudulent conveyance (actio 
pauliana), general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings 
affecting the rights of creditors generally) or the appointment of an examiner in respect of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, the appointment of any receiver (curateur) (except any receiver 
appointed by the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed), liquidator (liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), 
verifier (expert-vérificateur), deputy judge (juge délégué) or reporting judge (juge commissaire)).  
Failure by the Issuer to make any payment in respect of any Residual Shortfall shall in no 
circumstances constitute an Event of Default under Condition 12. 
In this Condition, "Residual Shortfall" means the difference, if any, between the Net Proceeds and 
the aggregate amount which would have been due under the Certificates but for the operation of this 
Condition 9(i). 
(j)
Issuer's rights as holder of Compartment Assets  
The Issuer may exercise any rights in its capacity as holder of the Compartment Assets (including, 
without limitation, a right to vote or any analogous right howsoever described) only with the consent 
of the Trustee (or as directed in writing by the respective holders of at least 25 per cent. (by number) 
of the Certificates then outstanding and at least 25 per cent. (by number) of each series of  Related 
Certificates then outstanding or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders 
and by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each series of Related Certificates) and (except 
in relation to the Swap Agreement) the Swap Counterparty and, if such direction is given, the Issuer 
will act in accordance with such directions, unless such instructions are in the reasonable opinion of 
the Issuer contrary to applicable laws, regulations and/or circular letters issued by the Issuer's 
supervisory authority or materially detrimental to the interests of the Issuer. In particular, the Issuer 
will not attend or vote at any meeting of holders of the Compartment Assets, or give any consent or 
notification or make any declaration in relation to the Compartment Assets, save with the consent of 
the Trustee (or as directed in writing by the respective holders of at least 25 per cent. (by number) 
of Certificates then outstanding and at least 25 per cent. (by numbers) of each series of  Related 
Certificates then outstanding or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of each of the 
Certificateholders and by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each series of Related 
Certificates) and the Swap Counterparty. In the event of a conflict between the instructions of the 
Trustee (or the Certificateholders and, where applicable, the holders of each series of Related 
Certificates) and the Swap Counterparty, the instructions of the Instructing Party will prevail.  
In these Conditions "Instructing Party" means if "Swap Counterparty Priority" applies the Swap 
Counterparty (except in relation to the Swap Agreement, or where it is the Defaulting Party under, 
and as defined in, the relevant Swap Agreement, in which case the Instructing Party will be the 
Certificateholders) and if either "Certificateholder Priority" or "Pari-Passu Ranking" applies, the 
Certificateholders or, in the case of Certificates issued through a Multi-Series Compartment, means, 
if "Swap Counterparty Priority" applies, the Swap Counterparty (except in relation to the Swap 
Agreement, or where it is the defaulting party under the Swap Agreement, in which case the 
Instructing Party will be the Certificateholders, and if either "Certificateholder Priority", or "Pari-
Passu Ranking" applies, the Certificateholders, provided that, if more than one series of certificates 
has been issued through the Compartment through which the Certificates have been issued, where 
the Instructing Party would otherwise be the Certificateholders, it shall the holders of at least 25 per

--- Page 854 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 854 - 
cent. in number of the Certificates then outstanding and at least 25 per cent. in number of each series 
of Related Certificates then outstanding, or as directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of such 
Certificateholders and by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of each series of Related 
Certificates. 
(k)
Swap termination 
Notwithstanding the terms of Condition 9(j) (Issuer's rights as holder of Compartment Assets), 
where "Swap Termination Without Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and where an Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) occurs under the Swap 
Agreement in circumstances where the Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the 
Swap Agreement), following notification of such Event of Default by the Issuer to the Trustee (a 
"Swap Default"), the Trustee shall promptly, and in any event not later than five Business Days after 
such notification, instruct the Issuer to deliver, in respect of the Swap Agreement (where such 
agreement is constituted by a 2002 Master Agreement published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "Master Agreement") and schedule thereto and any confirmations 
thereunder), a notice under Section 6(a) of the Master Agreement designating an Early Termination 
Date (as defined in the Swap Agreement).  In such circumstances, the Issuer (with the consent of the 
Trustee) may appoint an agent (a "Termination Agent") to assist it in terminating the Swap 
Agreement and making any calculations necessary in connection with such termination.  A pro rata
share of the amount, if any and subject to a minimum of zero, equal to (i) the sum of (1) the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) received by the Issuer under the Swap 
Agreement (2) any interest which has accrued on the amount received by the Issuer (which may be 
a positive or negative amount) and (3) the Unused Charged Assets Proceeds less (ii) the costs and 
expenses of the Trustee and any costs and expenses of the Termination Agent incurred in connection 
with the termination of the Swap Agreement shall be paid by the Issuer to the Certificateholders on 
a pro rata and pari passu basis on the Redemption Date. If the Issuer does not receive the Early 
Termination Amount on or prior to the Redemption Date, Condition 8(n) will apply. For the purposes 
of this Condition 9(k), "Unused Charged Assets Proceeds" means any amounts received by the 
Issuer from the Charged Assets other than the Swap Agreement which have not been used on or prior 
to the Redemption Date to pay interest and/or premium and redemption amounts otherwise payable 
in respect of the Certificates, amounts due to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement 
(including in respect of any Early Termination Amount due to the Swap Counterparty) and/or any 
fees, costs or expenses due to the Trustee and/or any of the Agents. 
10. 
Expenses and Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Certificates or under the Guarantee shall be made free and clear of, 
and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by or on behalf of any Tax authority, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law, including, without limitation, any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto and any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code, in which 
case the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall make all payments net of such withholding 
or deduction.  Such withholding or deduction shall not constitute an Event of Default under 
Condition 12. 
In addition, and if the Securities are deemed to be Specified Securities (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the Code, in determining the amount of 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code imposed with respect to

--- Page 855 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 855 - 
any amounts to be paid on the Certificates, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend 
equivalent" payment (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at a rate of 30 per cent. 
Payments on the Certificates that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities 
may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are reinvested at a rate of 
70 per cent. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the Issuer may withhold, and 
the holder may be deemed to receive, 30 per cent. of any "dividend equivalent" payments (as defined 
in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The issuer will not pay any 
additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.  
In respect of Exercisable Certificates only, all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising from the exercise and settlement 
of such Certificates and/or the delivery or transfer of the Entitlement (as applicable) pursuant to the 
terms of such Certificates ("Exercise Expenses") relating to such Certificates shall be for the account 
of the Certificateholder.  The Issuer shall deduct from amounts payable or from assets deliverable to 
Certificateholders all Related Expenses, not previously deducted from amounts paid or assets 
delivered to Certificateholders, as the Calculation Agent shall in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determine are attributable to the Certificates.  Such deduction by the Issuer shall 
not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 12. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor the Guarantor (if applicable) shall be 
liable for any Related Expenses and Certificateholders shall be liable to pay the Related Expenses 
attributable to their Certificates.   
"Expenses" means Exercise Expenses and any Related Expenses. 
"Related Expenses" means (a) all present, future, prospective, contingent or anticipated Taxes 
which are (or may be) or were (or may have been) withheld or payable under the laws, regulations 
or administrative practices of any state (or any political sub-division or authority thereof or therein) 
and (b) any other present, future, or contingent expenses (including without limitation, any 
applicable depositary charges, transaction charges, issue registration, securities transfer or other 
expenses) which are (or may be) or were (or may have been) payable, in each case in respect of or 
in connection with: 
(i)
the issue, transfer or enforcement of the Certificates; 
(ii)
any payment (or delivery of assets) to Certificateholders; 
(iii)
a person or its agent's assets or any rights, distributions of dividends appertaining to such 
assets (has such an investor (or agent) purchased, owned, held, realised, sold or otherwise 
disposed of assets) in such a number as the Calculation Agent, in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, may determine to be appropriate as a hedge or related 
trading position in connection with the Certificates; or 
(iv)
any of the Swap Counterparty's or any Affiliate of the Swap Counterparty other hedging 
arrangements in connection with the Certificates. 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Certificate means the date on which payment in respect of it first 
becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or, in the case of materialised Certificates 
(if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Certificateholders that, 
upon further presentation of the Certificate, being made in accordance with the Conditions, such 
payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation.

--- Page 856 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 856 - 
"Taxes" means taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments or other charges 
(including any stamp, registration or transfer tax, duty or other charge or tax on income, payments 
(or delivery of assets), profits, capital gains, or, for the avoidance of doubt, (i) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the 
Code)) together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) for payment of Cash Settlement Amounts, 
interest and/or Premium Amount in respect of the Certificates shall become void unless made within 
5 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10) and no claims shall be made after such 
date. 
12. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
The Trustee at its discretion may (subject as provided in sub-paragraph (b) below), and if so 
requested in writing by the holders of at least 25 per cent. (by number) of the Certificates of any 
Series then outstanding, or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of such holders, shall, 
subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, give notice to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (if applicable) that the Certificateholders are, and they shall accordingly forthwith 
become, (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) entitled to the Liquidation Proceeds (such 
occurrence, a "Certificate Acceleration") upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each 
an "Event of Default"): 
(i) 
a default is made for a period of 30 days or more in the payment of any sum due or the 
delivery of the Entitlement deliverable in respect of the Certificates; or  
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Certificates or 
the Trust Deed and (unless such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy 
in which case no such notice as is referred to in this paragraph shall be required) such failure 
continues for a period of 45 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) 
following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to be 
remedied (and for these purposes, a failure to perform or observe an obligation shall be 
deemed to be remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or 
thing by a particular time); or  
(iii) 
in respect of any Related Certificates, a "Certificate Acceleration" (as defined under the 
terms and conditions of such Related Certificates) occurs; or 
(iv)   
any order is made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the opening of any bankruptcy 
(faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (insolvabilité, liquidation volontaire 
ou judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from 
payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion contrôlée), fraudulent 
conveyance (actio pauliana), general settlement with creditors or reorganisation 
proceedings or similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally) or the 
appointment of a receiver of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the appointment of 
any receiver (curateur), liquidator (liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), verifier (expert-
vérificateur), deputy judge (juge délégué) or reporting judge (juge commissaire)) save for 
the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Certificateholders; or

--- Page 857 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 857 - 
(v) 
in the case of Guaranteed Certificates, the Guarantee ceases to be in full force and effect in 
respect of the Certificates or notice is given by the Guarantor which would cause the 
Guarantee to cease to be in full force and effect in respect of such Certificates or is rendered 
void for any cause or by any means whatsoever or any legislation is introduced the result of 
which would be to remove the benefit of the Guarantee from the Certificates or terminate 
or amend the same in a manner (in the opinion of the Trustee) materially adverse to the 
interests of the Certificateholders, or the Guarantor is unable to perform its obligations 
thereunder for any reason.   
(b) 
If an Event of Default occurs by virtue of the operation of Condition 12(a)(iii) above: (i) a Certificate 
Acceleration for the purposes of the Certificates shall be deemed to have occurred at the same time 
as the "Certificate Acceleration" (as such expression is defined in the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Related Certificates) occurred for the purposes of the relevant Related Certificates; and (ii) 
the Compartment Security constituted by or created pursuant to the Trust Deed and any Additional 
Security Document shall become enforceable as described in Condition 14 (Enforcement and 
Realisation; Physical Settlement upon Acceleration; Remedies). 
(c) 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee shall not be under any obligation to monitor whether or 
not an Event of Default or a Potential Event of Default has occurred or is continuing. 
13. 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"fair market value" means the fair market value as determined by the Calculation Agent (unless 
otherwise specified). 
"Local Time" means local time in the city of the relevant Clearing System. 
"Relevant Asset" means the Relevant Asset specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which (as the case may be) the Shares, the Shares 
relating to the depositary receipts, the Fund or the Fund Units or the Debt Securities are issued (or 
in which the issuer of such Shares or Fund Units is incorporated) or the Index is based, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
14. 
Enforcement and Realisation; Physical Settlement upon Acceleration; Remedies  
(a) 
Enforcement and Realisation
Upon the occurrence of a Certificate Acceleration under Condition 12, the Compartment 
Security constituted by or created pursuant to the Trust Deed and any Additional Security 
Document relating to a Series of Certificates and any Related Certificates and the 
Compartment to which such Series relates, shall become enforceable.  The Trustee may 
enforce the Compartment Security at any time after it has become enforceable but is only 
obliged to enforce the Compartment Security if directed to do so by (x) (where the 
Instructing Party is the Certificateholder) either a direction in writing by Certificateholders 
of at least 25 per cent. (by number) of the relevant Series of Certificates then outstanding or 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders; or (y) (where the Instructing Party 
is the Swap Counterparty) a written direction of the Swap Counterparty.  The Trustee or

--- Page 858 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 858 - 
any appointee or receiver appointed thereby may enforce the security by one or more of the 
following: 
(i) 
endeavouring to sell or otherwise realise the Charged Assets (including, without 
limitation, by terminating, closing out or enforcing any Related Agreement or other 
agreement entered into by the Issuer, the rights of the Issuer in respect of which 
form part of the Charged Assets) in accordance with the provisions of the Trust 
Deed; and/or  
(ii) 
otherwise enforcing the Compartment Security constituted by or pursuant to the 
Trust Deed and/or any Additional Security Document, in each case, without any 
liability as to the consequences of any such action and without having regard to the 
effect of any such action on individual Certificateholders,  
provided that the Trustee shall not be required to take any such action without first being 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction or to do anything which is or may be contrary 
to any applicable law or regulation and provided further that where Physical Settlement is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where Trustee enforces the 
Compartment Security, it will do so in accordance with Condition 14(b) and Condition 
14(a)(i) shall not apply save as set out in Condition 14(b)(ii) following the occurrence of a 
Collateral Settlement Disruption Event (as defined in Condition 14(b).  
(b)
Physical Settlement upon Acceleration 
(i) 
Where Physical Settlement upon Acceleration is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and where the Trustee is to enforce the Compartment 
Security in accordance with Condition 14, the Trustee, will apply the Charged 
Assets in accordance with applicable Order of Priority and arrange for delivery of 
the Enforcement Entitlement to each Certificateholder on a pari passu basis within 
the relevant Series and shall effect the sale or realisation of any other Charged 
Assets. Prior to determining the Enforcement Entitlement in respect of each 
Certificate, the Trustee or any or any appointee or receiver appointed thereby shall 
determine the cash amount which is equal to the sum of the proceeds from the 
realisation of the Charged Assets (other than the Reference Securities) (the "Asset 
Disposal Proceeds") and whether such cash sum is sufficient to satisfy any 
applicable Priority Amounts in full.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall 
request the Calculation Agent to calculate such amounts or may appoint a 
calculation agent to make such calculations (such agent or the Calculation Agent, 
the "Disposal Calculation Agent"). If such sum is not sufficient to satisfy the 
applicable Priority Amounts in full, the Disposal Calculation Agent shall then 
calculate the amount of Reference Securities which are required to be sold in order 
to pay any Priority Amounts after the application of the Asset Disposal Proceeds 
to pay such Priority Amounts and shall confirm such amount to the Trustee and the 
Trustee shall arrange for the sale of the relevant amount of Reference Securities to 
meet any unsatisfied Priority Amounts and any proceeds from such sale remaining 
after payment of such Priority Amounts shall be the "Residual Proceeds Amount" 
and shall be paid in accordance with this Condition 14(b) as part of the Enforcement 
Proceeds.   
In connection with any such delivery in respect of the Certificates, such delivery 
shall be made in accordance with Condition 6(b) provided that any reference 
therein to the Issuer shall be deemed to be a reference to the Trustee or any agent 
or receiver appointed by the Trustee and the Entitlement shall be deemed to be the 
Enforcement Entitlement, as determined by the Disposal Calculation Agent and

--- Page 859 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 859 - 
confirmed in writing to the Trustee. The Trustee shall be entitled to appoint a 
Delivery Agent as set out in Condition 6(b) (which may be the same party as the 
Disposal Calculation Agent) to assist it with the delivery of the Enforcement 
Entitlement and sale of Reference Securities required to be made in accordance 
with this Condition 14(b).  The Trustee shall notify the Delivery Date in respect of 
the Certificates to the relevant Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices). 
In connection with such delivery, (i) Condition 6(b)(i)(E) shall not apply, (ii) for 
the purposes of Condition 6(b)(i)(C), Expenses shall be deemed to include any 
costs involved in appointing a Disposal Calculation Agent and a Delivery Agent or 
which are incurred in delivery of the Enforcement Entitlement in accordance with 
this Condition 14(b), (iii) the Trustee shall be entitled to deduct from the assets 
deliverable to the Certificateholders all Expenses not previously deducted from 
amounts paid or assets delivered to Certificateholders, as the Trustee shall in its 
sole and absolute discretion determine are attributable to the relevant Certificates 
and (iv) any reference in the Conditions to "Relevant Assets" shall be deemed, in 
connection with a delivery of Reference Securities in accordance with this 
Condition 14(b), to be a reference to "Reference Securities". 
The final sentence of the first paragraph of Condition 6(b)(i)(D) shall not apply and 
the Reference Securities which it is not possible to deliver to a Certificateholder 
due to such rounding shall, if and to the extent practicable, be sold by the Trustee 
(or the Disposal Calculation Agent or such other agent as may be appointed by the 
Trustee for such purpose) and a pro rata share of the resulting amount (the 
"Rounding Amount") shall be paid to each Certificateholder whose Enforcement 
Entitlement is subject to such rounding. 
Where Physical Settlement upon Acceleration is applicable to the Certificates, 
upon delivery of the relevant Enforcement Entitlement and payment of the relevant 
Enforcement Proceeds, no further amount will be due to the Certificateholders. In 
connection with the delivery of the Enforcement Entitlement, the Disposal 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Enforcement Proceeds and shall notify such 
amounts to the Trustee who shall notify the Certificateholders of such amounts 
prior to such delivery or, where applicable, payment of relevant Enforcement 
Proceeds due in accordance with this Condition 14(b). 
(ii) 
If, in the opinion of the Trustee (or such other agent as may be appointed by the 
Trustee for such purpose), delivery of the Enforcement Entitlement following the 
occurrence of a Certificate Acceleration, is not practicable by reason of a Collateral 
Settlement Disruption Event having occurred and continuing on any Delivery Date 
then such Delivery Date for such Certificates shall be postponed to the first 
following Business Day in respect of which there is no such Collateral Settlement 
Disruption Event, provided that the Trustee (or such agent) may elect in its sole 
discretion and without liability to any party to deliver the Enforcement Entitlement 
in such commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the 
Delivery Date shall be such day as the Trustee (or such agent) deems appropriate 
in connection with delivery of the Enforcement Entitlement in such commercially 
reasonable manner.  For the avoidance of doubt, where a Collateral Settlement 
Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Reference Securities comprising 
the Enforcement Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Reference Securities not 
affected by the Collateral Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally 
designated Delivery Date.

--- Page 860 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 860 - 
If delivery of the relevant Enforcement Entitlement is not possible due to the 
occurrence of a Collateral Settlement Disruption Event, for a period of greater than 
the Collateral Settlement Disruption Period, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Trustee (or such agent on its 
behalf) shall sell or realise the Undeliverable Collateral Assets as if Condition 14(a) 
were applicable.  The Trustee shall give notice as soon as practicable to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) that a Collateral 
Settlement Disruption Event has occurred.  No Certificateholder shall be entitled 
to any payment in respect of the relevant Certificate in the event of any delay in the 
delivery of the Enforcement Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Collateral 
Settlement Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Trustee (or any agent on its behalf). 
(iii) 
Where "Essential Trigger" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Physical Settlement upon Acceleration will not apply. 
(iv) 
As used in this Condition 14(b): 
"Available Reference Securities" means the nominal amount of Reference 
Securities held by the Issuer in respect of the Series at the time of the Certificate 
Acceleration less any Delivery Reduction Amount, as determined by the Disposal 
Calculation Agent and notified to the Trustee; 
"Collateral Settlement Disruption Event" means any event beyond the control of 
the Trustee (or any Delivery Agent appointed by the Trustee), as a result of which 
it is impossible or illegal for the Trustee or its agent to deliver some or all of the 
relevant Enforcement Entitlement to a Certificateholder on the related Delivery 
Date due to failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, 
court order or market conditions; 
"Collateral Settlement Disruption Period" means eight Business Days or such 
other period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Delivery Reduction Amount" means the aggregate nominal amount of Reference 
Securities which are sold to pay Priority Amounts; 
"Enforcement Entitlement" means, in respect of a Certificate, a pro rata share of 
the Available Reference Securities; 
"Enforcement Proceeds" means the sum of (a) a pro rata share of the Residual 
Proceeds Amount and (b) the Rounding Amount (if applicable); and 
"Priority Amounts" means the amounts which are payable in accordance with the 
applicable Order of Priority in priority to amounts due to be paid or delivered to 
Certificateholders. 
(c) 
Remedies
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the 
rights of the Secured Parties.   
15. 
Meetings of the Certificateholders; Modifications; Waiver; Trustee Determination; 
Substitution; Entitlement of the Trustee

--- Page 861 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 861 - 
(a)
Meetings of the Certificateholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or 
by use of a video conference platform) of Certificateholders of each Series to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificates 
(including these Conditions or the provisions of the Master Trust Terms and the relevant Issue Deed 
insofar as the same may apply to such Certificates).  The quorum at a meeting of the 
Certificateholders (except for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution) will be two or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 20 per cent. (by number) of the Certificates for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or representing 
Certificateholders whatever the number of Certificates so held or represented.  The quorum at any 
such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. (by number) of the Certificates for the time being outstanding 
or, at any adjourned such meeting, two or more person holding or representing not less than 10 per 
cent. (by number) of the Certificates for the time being outstanding.  A resolution will be an 
Extraordinary Resolution when it has been passed at a duly convened meeting by not less than three 
fourths of the votes cast by the Certificateholders at such meeting who, being entitled to do so, vote 
in person or by proxy.  An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding 
on all the Certificateholders, whether present or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution 
proposed to address a Reserved Matter (as defined in the Trust Deed), including (i) to amend the 
dates redemption of the Certificates, any Instalment Date or any date for payment of interest thereof, 
(ii) to change the notional amount or any Instalment Amount of, or any premium payable on 
redemption of, the Certificates, (iii) to change the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Certificates 
or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest or the basis for 
calculating the Interest Amount in respect thereof, (iv) if a Minimum and/or a Maximum Interest 
Rate, Instalment Amount or Final or Early Redemption Amount is shown in the applicable Final 
Terms, to change any such Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate, Instalment Amount, Cash 
Settlement Amount or Early Redemption Amount, (v) to change any method of calculating the Final 
or Early Redemption Amount, (vi) to change the currency or currencies of payment or denomination 
of the Certificates, (vii) to direct the Trustee to take any steps as specified in the Trust Deed and/or 
Condition 12 (Events of Default), (viii) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at 
any meeting of Certificateholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution or 
(ix) to modify the definition of Reserved Matter in the Trust Deed, will only be binding if passed at 
a meeting of the Certificateholders, the quorum at which shall be persons holding or representing 
not less than 75 per cent. (by number) of the Certificates for the time being outstanding or, at any 
adjourned meeting, not less than 25 per cent. (by number) of the Certificates for the time being 
outstanding.   
The holder of a Global Certificate representing all (or part) of the Certificates for the time being 
outstanding will be treated as being two persons for the purposes of such quorum requirements.  A 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 90 per cent. (including in 
the case of a resolution proposed to address a Reserved Matter (as defined in the Trust Deed)) (by 
number) of the Certificates of such Series for the time being outstanding shall for all purposes be as 
valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the Certificateholders.   
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-20 of the Luxembourg Act dated 10th August, 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended, shall not apply to the Certificates. 
(b)
Modification 
The Trustee may, in respect of each Series, without the consent of the Certificateholders, agree to (i) 
any modification to any Transaction Document or any other agreement to which the Issuer is a party 
which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii) any 
modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document (other

--- Page 862 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 862 - 
than in respect of a Reserved Matter) which in the opinion of the Trustee is not materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Certificateholders and the holders of any Related Certificates; and (iii) any 
modification of the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document (other than in 
respect of a Reserved Matter) which is made to satisfy any requirement of any stock exchange on 
which the Certificates are or are proposed to be listed and which, in each case, is not in the opinion 
of the Trustee materially prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders and the holders of any 
Related Certificates.   
Notice of such modification shall be notified by the Issuer to the Certificateholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 19 unless the Trustee agrees otherwise.   
(c)
Waiver  
The Trustee may, in respect of any Series, without the consent of the Certificateholders and without 
prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, from time to time and at any time, but 
only if and in so far as in its opinion the interests of the Certificateholders and the holders of any 
Related Certificates shall not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise, on such terms 
and conditions as to it shall seem expedient, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer or (if 
applicable) the Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions in the Trust Deed or the Conditions 
or determine that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such 
provided always that the Trustee shall not exercise any powers conferred on it by this Condition 
15(c) in respect of any Reserved Matter or in contravention of any express direction given by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders and an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders 
of each series of any Related Certificates, but no such direction shall affect any waiver, authorisation 
or determination previously given or made. Any such waiver, authorisation or determination shall 
be binding on the Certificateholders of such Series.   
Notice of any such waiver, authorisation or determination shall be notified by the Issuer to the 
Certificateholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 19 unless the 
Trustee agrees otherwise.   
(d)
Trustee determination 
If, in the opinion of the Trustee, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination referred to 
in paragraphs (b)(ii) or (iii) and (c) of this Condition 15 affects the interests of the holders of any 
Series of Related Certificates, the Trustee shall agree to such modification, waiver, authorisation or 
determination only if either (i) it is satisfied that, in its opinion, the interests of the holders of the 
relevant Series of Related Certificates will not be materially prejudiced thereby or (ii) the holders of 
the relevant Series of Related Certificates sanction such modification, waiver, authorisation or 
determination by way of Extraordinary Resolution, each of (i) and (ii) in accordance with the 
Conditions of the relevant Series of Related Certificates. 
(e) 
Substitution
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee, subject to the further conditions set out 
in the Trust Deed and such amendment of the Trust Deed and other conditions as the Trustee may 
require, but without the consent of the holders of the relevant Series of Certificates, unless Issuer 
Substitution is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to agree with the Issuer and 
the Guarantor (if applicable) to the substitution, in respect of any Series of Certificates, in place of 
the Issuer (or of the previous substitute) as the principal debtor under the Certificates of such Series, 
or, when applicable, the Guarantor, as guarantor of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
relevant Series of Certificates, of any other company (such substituted company hereinafter called 
the "Substitute Company").

--- Page 863 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 863 - 
Not later than 14 days after the execution of such amendment and compliance with such conditions 
as aforesaid, the Substitute Company shall give notice thereof in a form previously approved by the 
Trustee to the relevant Certificateholders in the manner provided in accordance with Condition 19. 
(f)
Entitlement of the Trustee  
In connection with the exercise of its functions (including but not limited to those referred to in this 
Condition) the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the Certificateholders as a class and shall 
not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for any particular Certificateholder and the 
Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Certificateholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual holders of such Certificates.   
16. 
Replacement of Certificates 
Should any Certificate be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent (in the case of Clearing System 
Certificates) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Certificates), subject to relevant stock 
exchange requirements and all applicable laws, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and 
indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor may reasonably require.  
Mutilated or defaced Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.   
17. 
Further Certificates and Related Certificates 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Certificateholders (but provided that 
the Trustee is satisfied that the restrictions set out in this Condition 17 will be complied with), create 
and issue  
(a)  
further Certificates ("Further Certificates") having the same terms and conditions as the 
Certificates in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Date, first payment of 
interest (if applicable) and issue price) and so that the same shall be consolidated and form 
a single series with such Certificates; and 
(b)  
 where the relevant Compartment is specified in the applicable Final Terms to be a 
Compartment through which more than one Series of Certificates may be issued (a "Multi-
Series Compartment"), Related Certificates, 
provided that (unless otherwise approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Certificateholders) 
and an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined under the terms and conditions of such Related 
Certificates) in respect of the holders of each series of Related Certificates (if any) then outstanding 
under the relevant Compartment immediately prior to the date on which such Further Certificates or 
Related Certificates are to be issued):  
(i) 
in the case of Further Certificates, the Issuer provides additional security for such 
Further Certificates that comprises assets that are fungible with, and have the same 
proportionate composition as, the Charged Assets in respect of the relevant existing 
Certificates and that has an aggregate principal amount at least equal to the product 
of (i) the principal amount of such existing security and (ii) a fraction, the 
numerator of which is the number of the Further Certificates and the denominator 
is the number of the existing Certificates; 
(ii) 
in the case of Related Certificates, where there are Compartment Assets for the 
existing Certificates (A) if the Compartment Asset Coverage Test is not specified 
to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer provides additional

--- Page 864 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 864 - 
security for such Related Certificates that comprises assets that are fungible with, 
and have the same proportionate composition as, the Compartment Assets in 
respect of the relevant existing Certificates and that has an aggregate principal 
amount at least equal to the product of (1) the principal amount of such existing 
security and (2) a fraction, the numerator of which is the aggregate Notional 
Amount of the Related Certificates and the denominator is the aggregate Notional 
Amount of the existing Certificates and any existing Related Certificates or (B) 
where the Compartment Asset Coverage Test is specified to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer provides additional security for such Related 
Certificates (including Compartment Assets) so that the Compartment Asset 
Coverage Test is not breached; and  
(iii) 
in the case of further Certificates, the Issuer enters into an additional and/or 
supplemental agreement varying the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement, 
Repurchase Agreement or Deposit Agreement, as applicable, to take account of the 
Further Certificates on terms no less favourable than those of the Swap Agreement, 
Repurchase Agreement or Deposit Agreement, as applicable. 
In the event that any Series of Related Certificates is redeemed other than pursuant to a Certificate 
Acceleration (as such expression is defined under the terms and conditions of such Related 
Certificates), the Issuer (or any Disposal Agent) shall be entitled, notwithstanding any provision to 
the contrary, to modify the composition or, if appropriate, the terms of the Compartment Assets so 
as to ensure that such redemption does not cause a breach of the Compartment Asset Coverage Test 
if specified as applicable, in each case, in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any Further Certificates shall be constituted and secured by a supplemental trust deed and the 
Related Certificates shall be constituted and secured by the Trust Deed and the Certificates and the 
Further Certificates or, as the case may be, the Related Certificates shall be secured by the same 
Charged Assets.  References in these Conditions to "Certificates" and "Charged Assets" shall be 
construed accordingly.  
Where the applicable Final Terms do not specify that the relevant Compartment is a Multi- Series 
Compartment, references in these Terms and Conditions to Related Certificates or the holders of 
Related Certificates, as the case may be, shall not be applicable and these Terms and Conditions 
shall be construed accordingly 
18. 
Removal, Indemnification and Obligations of the Trustee  
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the appointment, retirement and removal of the Trustee.  The 
Issuer shall as soon as practicable after the appointment of a new trustee notify the Certificateholders 
of such appointment in accordance with Condition 19. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility including for the exercise of any voting rights in respect of the Compartment Assets 
or for the value, validity, sufficiency and enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of 
the Compartment Security created over the Charged Assets.  The Trustee is not obliged to take any 
action under the Trust Deed, the Certificates or otherwise unless indemnified and/or secured to its 
satisfaction.  The Trustee and any affiliate is entitled to enter into business transactions with the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any issuer or guarantor (where applicable) of any of the Charged Assets any 
party other than the Issuer under a Related Agreement (including, without limitation, the Swap 
Counterparty), or any of their subsidiary, holding or associated companies without accounting to the 
Certificateholders for profit resulting therefrom.   
The Trustee is exempted from liability with respect to any loss or theft or reduction in value (as 
appropriate) of the Charged Assets from any obligation to insure or to procure the insuring of the

--- Page 865 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 865 - 
Charged Assets (or any documents evidencing, constituting or representing the same or transferring 
any rights or obligations thereunder) and from any claim arising from the fact that the Charged Assets 
are held in an account with a clearing agent in accordance with that relevant clearing agent's rules or 
otherwise held in safe custody by the Custodian or any custodian whether or not selected by the 
Trustee (in each case, if applicable).  The Trustee is not responsible for supervising the performance 
by (i) the Issuer of its own obligations and (ii) any other person of their obligations to the Issuer. 
For the purposes of this Condition 18, each of the Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
expressly accepts and confirms, for the purposes of articles 1278 and 1281 of the Luxembourg civil 
code, that notwithstanding any assignment, transfer and/or novation permitted under and made in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed or any agreement referred to therein to which the 
Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor are party, any security created or guarantee given 
under the Trust Deed shall be reserved for the benefit of the new trustee (for itself and for the benefit 
of each other Secured Party).
19. 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Certificates shall be valid if: (a) in the case of Certificates represented by 
a Global Certificate, delivered to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by 
them to the Certificateholders; (b) so long as any Certificates are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of such stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, in accordance with such rules; or (c) in the case of Registered Certificates if 
sent by first class mail to the Certificateholders (or the first named of joint Certificateholders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register. If and for so long as the Certificates are admitted to 
trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and so long as the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, notices shall be made available on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
Business Day on which such delivery takes place or, if earlier, the date of such publication, or, if 
published more than once, on the date of the first such publication. 
If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and 
will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.   
Whilst any of the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate, such notice may be given by 
any Certificateholder to the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) 
via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent or the Registrar (as applicable) and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.   
20. 
Adjustments for European Monetary Union 
Unless Redenomination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as not being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Certificateholders or the Trustee, on giving notice to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices): 
(a) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the 
Certificates shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows: 
(i)
where the Settlement Currency of the Certificates is the National Currency Unit of a country 
which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, such 
Settlement Currency shall be deemed to be an amount of euro converted from the original 
Settlement Currency into euro at the Established Rate, subject to such provisions (if any) as 
to rounding as the Calculation Agent may decide, and as may be specified in the notice, and

--- Page 866 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 866 - 
after the Adjustment Date, all payments of the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of the 
Certificates will be made solely in euro as though references in the Certificates to the 
Settlement Currency were to euro; 
(ii)
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Conditions are expressed in or, in 
the case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange from or into, the currency (the 
"Original Currency") of a country which is participating in the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union, such Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these 
Conditions shall be deemed to be expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, 
converted from or, as the case may be into, euro at the Established Rate; and 
(iii)
such other changes shall be made to these Conditions as the Calculation Agent may decide 
to conform them to conventions then applicable to instruments expressed in euro; and/or 
(b) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Weighting and/or the Settlement 
Price and/or any other terms of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation 
Agent, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may determine to be appropriate to 
account for the effect of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union on the 
Weighting and/or the Settlement Price and/or such other terms of these Conditions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), the Calculation Agent, the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent and the Trustee shall be liable to any Certificateholder or 
other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
transfer of euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Adjustment Date" means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Certificateholders 
pursuant to this Condition which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Original 
Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to 
the Treaty; 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of 
the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"National Currency Unit" means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are defined 
on the day before the date on which the country of the Original Currency first participates in the third 
stage of European Economic and Monetary Union;  
"Settlement Currency" shall be the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
21. 
Agents and Registrar
(a) 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents will act solely as agents of each of the 
Issuer and Guarantor (if applicable) do not assume any obligations or relationship of agency 
or trust to or with the Certificateholders.  The Issuer will agree to perform and observe the 
obligations imposed upon it under the Agency Agreement.  The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions for the indemnification of the Agents and for relief from responsibility 
in certain circumstances, and entitles any of them to enter into business transactions with

--- Page 867 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 867 - 
the Issuer and any of its subsidiaries without being liable to account to the Certificateholders 
for any resulting profit.  In relation to each issue of Certificates, the Calculation Agent 
(whether it be BNP Paribas, BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. or another entity) acts solely as 
agent of the Issuer and the Guarantor, if any, and does not assume any obligation or duty to, 
or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the Certificateholders.  All calculations 
and determinations made in respect of the Certificates by the Calculation Agent shall (save 
in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
if any, and the Certificateholders.  The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the 
Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
(b) 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, in exercising its discretion 
and making an election, determination, modification or adjustment, the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent and any other relevant Agent shall do so in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner to preserve or restore the economics of the agreed terms 
as far as practicable.  Any such election, determination, modification or adjustment shall 
not create a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of the Issuer compared 
to the Certificateholders, to the detriment of the Certificateholders. 
(c) 
If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, may only modify or adjust the terms of the 
Certificates (other than modifications that do not relate to essential characteristics of the 
Certificates) or redeem the Certificates prior to their scheduled Redemption Date, as 
described in the Terms and Conditions, following an event or circumstance (or combination 
of events or circumstances) that (a) is not attributable to the Issuer that significantly alters 
the economics of the Certificates compared to the economics as of the Issue Date, or (b) 
constitutes a force majeure. 
For the purpose of this Condition 21(c), essential characteristics of the Certificates means 
characteristics of the Certificates that are considered essential to the Certificateholders 
generally, including without limitation the yield (coupon structure), the Underlying 
Reference, the principal protected amount (if any), the identity of the Issuer and of the 
Guarantor (if any) and the scheduled Redemption Date. 
22. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999  
The Certificates shall not confer on a third party any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third 
Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Certificates, but this does not affect any right or remedy 
of a third party which may exist or is available apart from that Act.   
23. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) The Master Trust Terms and the Issue Deed (save to the extent that the Master Trust Terms 
and/or the Issue Deed relates to security interests created over assets located or deemed to be 
located in Luxembourg), the Agency Agreement and the Certificates (and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with such documents) are (or, as the case may be, 
shall be) governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.   
(b) Subject to Condition 23(f) below, the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to 
settle any disputes which may  directly or indirectly, arise out of or in connection with the 
Certificates (including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed and the Certificates) 
(a "Dispute") and each of the Issuer, the Trustee and each Certificateholder (by its acquisition 
of a Certificate) is deemed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

--- Page 868 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
- 868 - 
(c) The Issuer and each Certificateholder (by its acquisition of a Certificate) waive any objection to 
the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to 
settle any Dispute.     
(d) The Issuer appoints BNP Paribas, London Branch, of 10 Harewood Avenue, London NW1 6AA 
(Attention: the Loan Administration Department), as its agent for service of process, and 
undertakes that, in the event of BNP Paribas, London Branch ceasing so to act or ceasing to be 
registered in England, it will appoint, subject to the prior written approval of the Trustee, another 
person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any suit, action or proceedings 
(together referred to as "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the Certificates 
(including Proceedings relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with such Certificates).  Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other 
manner permitted by law.   
(e) The Issuer has in the Trust Deed submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts 
and has appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out 
above. 
(f) If Essential Trigger is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and, to the extent 
that any proceedings in respect of the Certificates relate to consumers (as such term is used in 
Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 
2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial 
matters (the "Brussels Recast Regulation")), notwithstanding Condition 23(b), the Issuer will 
be required to, and such consumers may, in respect of any Dispute in respect of the Certificates, 
take proceedings in the jurisdictions specified in Article 18 of the Brussels Recast Regulation.

--- Page 869 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 869 - 
ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS  
The first two sections of this Annex set out worked examples (the "Worked Examples") of two payouts and 
are included for illustrative purposes to aid investors' review of this Base Prospectus and this Annex 1 in 
particular. The terms and conditions that follow (the "Payout Conditions"), subject to completion in the 
applicable Final Terms, relate to the payouts in respect of the Securities.  The Payout Conditions do not 
include the Worked Examples. 
Certain sections of the Payout Conditions will be set out and completed in the applicable Final Terms. In the 
event of any inconsistency between the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above), the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants (as set out under the 
heading "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" above) and the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates 
(as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" above) (together the "Conditions"), 
as applicable, and the Payout Conditions, the Payout Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Payout Conditions and (ii) the applicable Final Terms, 
the Final Terms shall prevail.  The descriptions of the payouts, coupons or premium amounts and rates and 
entitlement amounts and/or related provisions included in italic font below do not form part of the Payout 
Conditions, are included in this Annex 1 for information purposes only and are subject to the detailed terms 
of the relevant payout, coupons or premium amount rate or amount or entitlement amount, as applicable. 
Worked example one 
The paragraphs below summarise the manner in which the Redemption Amount will be calculated in respect 
of a Certificate where the applicable payout is described as "Vanilla Call Securities" and the related 
definitions used to determine such Redemption Amount.  For illustration purposes, variable amounts used to 
determine the Redemption Amount (such as the "Gearing") have been assigned specific values in this 
example but these amounts may differ in the context of a particular Series of Securities.  Prospective investors 
should read and understand this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms before investing in any 
Securities. 
Strike Date
June 25th, 2013, provided that if such date is not a Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day, the next date which is a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day
Issue Date
July 1st, 2013
Redemption 
Valuation Date
June 25th, 2018,  
Redemption Date
July 2nd, 2018
Underlying Index1
S&P 500  (Bloomberg: SPX Index) (the "Index")
1 Defined in the section « 28. Index Linked Certificates:» of the Final Terms.

--- Page 870 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 870 - 
Final Redemption2 On the Redemption Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Certificate at the following Cash 
Settlement Amount: 
Where 
N is the notional amount of each Certificate. 
IndexInitial is the official closing level of the Index on the Strike Date.
IndexFinal is the official closing level of the Index on the Redemption Valuation Date. 
ConstantPercentage1, 
Gearing, 
FinalRedemptionValue, 
FloorPercentage,
StrikePercentage will be specified in paragraph 16 of the applicable Final Terms.
SPS Final Payouts
The following final payouts which when multiplied by the applicable NA (each a "Final Payout") will 
apply to the Securities if specified in the applicable Final Terms:
Vanilla Call Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Call Securities:
ConstantPercentage1
+ 
Gearing*Max(FinalRedemptionValue-
StrikePercentage,FloorPercentage) 
Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises:
if Gearing is positive, a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1 or, if Gearing is 
negative, no fixed percentage; and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage.
Final Payout: 
NA x SPS Payout
SPS Payout 
Vanilla Call Securities: 
ConstantPercentage1 + Gearing * Max (FinalRedemptionValue- StrikePercentage; 
FloorPercentage) 
WITH: 
ConstantPercentage1: 100%
Gearing: 80% 
2 Defined in the section « 16. Final Redemption Amount » of the Final Terms. 















%
100
%,
0
max
*
%
80
%
100
Initial
Final
Index
Index
N
ConstantPercentage1 
FloorPercentage 
StrikePercentage 
Gearing 
FinalRedemptionValue

--- Page 871 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 871 - 
StrikePercentage: 100% 
FloorPercentage: 0 % 
FinalRedemptionValue: Underlying Reference Value 
Underlying Reference Value: means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Date, (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying 
Reference Strike Price; 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, 
the Closing Level; 
Underlying Reference: as set in paragraph Index Securities
Strike Price Closing Value: Applicable;
Underlying Reference Strike Price means the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value on the Strike Date
SPS Valuation Date means the Redemption Valuation Date

--- Page 872 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 872 - 
Worked example two 
The paragraphs below summarise the manner in which the Redemption Amount will be calculated in respect 
of a Certificate where the applicable payout is described as "Autocall Standard Securities" and the related 
definitions used to determine such Redemption Amount.  For illustration purposes, variable amounts used to 
determine the Redemption Amount have been assigned specific values in this example but these amounts 
may differ in the context of a particular Series of Securities.  Prospective investors should read and understand 
this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms before investing in any Securities. 
Underlying Shares3
I 
Name of Underlying Sharei
Bloomberg Code 
ShareiInitial
Knock-in Pricei
(70%* ShareiInitial) 
1
Share 1
Bloomberg Code 1
706.15
494.31 
2
Share 2
Bloomberg Code 2
32.60
22.82
   
3 
Share 3 
Bloomberg Code 3 
259.14 
181.40 
Automatic Early  
Redemption4
If, on the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, the official Closing Price of each 
Underlying Share is greater than or equal to its Automatic Early Redemption Level, then the 
Issuer shall redeem each Certificate on the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date at the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
NA x [100% + 10.00%]  
Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date
Automatic Early Redemption Date
December 07th, 2013 
December 21st, 2013 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Level
100% x ShareiInitial with i from 1 to 3
Final Redemption5
On the Redemption Date, if the Certificates have not been redeemed or purchased and cancelled 
by the Issuer prior to 07th March 2014, (the "Redemption Valuation Date"), the Issuer shall 
redeem each Certificate at the following Cash Settlement Amount: 
1) If all ShareiFinal with i from 1 to 3 are greater than or equal to Shareiinitial
NA x [100% + 30%] 
3 Defined in the section « 29. Share Linked Certificates » of the Final Terms 
4 Defined in the section  "45. Other Provisions relating to Certificates - (e) Automatic Early Redemption" in the Final Terms 
5 Defined in the section  « 16. Final Redemption Amount » of the Final Terms 
FR Exit Rate3
AER Redemption Percentage2
AER Exit Rate2
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Event 
Redemption 2 means 
that 
the 
Worst 
Value 
is 
greater 
than or Equal to the 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption 
Level 
100% 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout2
Final 
Redemption 
Condition3 
means 
that 
the 
Worst 
Value 
is 
greater 
than or Equal to the 
Final 
Redemption 
Condition Level of 
100% 
Automatic Early Redemption Level2

--- Page 873 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 873 - 
2) Otherwise, if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
NA x [100% + 15%] 
3) Otherwise: 
Where
WO Share  is the Underlying Share with the worst performance from the Strike Date to the 
Redemption Valuation Date, defined as: 
WO ShareInitial is the official Closing Price of WO Share on the Strike Date.
WO ShareFinal is the official Closing Price of WO Share on the Redemption Valuation Date.
ShareiInitial with i from 1 to 3 is the official Closing Price of the Sharei on the Strike Date.
ShareiFinal with i from 1 to 3 is the official Closing Price of the Sharei on the Redemption
Valuation Date. 
Knock-in Determination 
Day
The Redemption Valuation Date. 
Knock-in Valuation 
Time
Specific Scheduled Closing Time of each Underlying Share on the Redemption Valuation Date. 
Knock-in Event6
A Knock-in Event shall be deemed to occur if, at the Knock-in Valuation Time on the Knock-in 
Determination Day, at least one Underlying Share closes at a price strictly less than its Knock-in 
Price.
6 Defined in the section « 41. Knock-in Event » of the form of Final Terms 












Initial
Final
WOShare
WOShare
NA
%,
100
min
*







Initial
i
Final
i
i
Share
Share
3
1
min
Coupon AirbagPercentage3
FinalRedemptionValue3
Knock-in 
Event4
means 
that 
the 
Worst 
Value 
is 
lower 
than 
the 
Knock-in Level of 
70%

--- Page 874 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 874 - 
Contents of these Payout Conditions 
Coupon/Premium Amount 
Rate, Payout or Entitlement 
Amount 
Condition 
Page 
SPS Coupon / Premium Amount Rates 
SPS Fixed Coupon  
1.1(a) 
880 
SPS Variable Amount Coupon 
1.1(b) 
880 
Digital Coupon 
1.1(c) 
880 
Snowball Digital Coupon 
1.1(d) 
880-881 
Accrual Digital Coupon 
1.1(e) 
881 
Stellar Coupon 
1.1(f) 
881
Cappuccino Coupon 
1.1(g) 
882
Ratchet Coupon 
1.1(h) 
882 
Driver Coupon 
1.1(i) 
882-883
Nova Coupon 
1.1(j) 
883 
Sum Coupon 
1.1(k) 
883-884 
Option Max Coupon 
1.1(l) 
884
Transition Coupon 
1.1(m) 
884-885 
SPS Final Payouts 
SPS Fixed Percentage 
Securities 
1.2(a) 
885
SPS Reverse Convertible 
Securities  
1.2(b)(i) 
885-887
SPS Reverse Convertible 
Standard Securities 
1.2(b)(ii) 
887
Vanilla Call Securities 
1.2(c)(i) 
887-888
Vanilla Call Spread Securities 
1.2(c)(ii) 
888
Vanilla Put Securities 
1.2(c)(iii) 
888
Vanilla Put Spread Securities 
1.2(c)(iv) 
888-889
Vanilla Digital Securities 
1.2(c)(v) 
889

--- Page 875 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 875 - 
Knock-in Vanilla Call 
Securities 
1.2(c)(vi) 
889
Knock-out Vanilla Call 
Securities 
1.2(c)(vii) 
890
SPS Range Accrual Securities 
1.2(c)(viii) 
890-891 
Asian Securities 
1.2(d)(i) 
891-892
Asian Spread Securities 
1.2(d)(ii) 
892
Himalaya Securities 
1.2(d)(iii) 
892-893
Talisman Securities 
1.2(d)(iv) 
893
Autocall Securities 
1.2(e)(i) 
894-896
Autocall One Touch Securities 
1.2(e)(ii) 
896-897
Autocall Standard Securities 
1.2(e)(iii) 
897
Certi plus: Booster Securities 
1.2(f)(i) 
897-898
Certi plus: Bonus Securities 
1.2(f)(ii) 
898-899
Certi plus: Leveraged 
Securities 
1.2(f)(iii) 
899-900
Certi plus: Twin Win 
Securities 
1.2(f)(iv) 
900-901
Certi plus: Super Sprinter 
Securities 
1.2(f)(v) 
901
Certi plus: Generic Securities 
1.2(f)(vi) 
902 
Certi plus: Generic Knock-in 
Securities 
1.2(f)(vii) 
903-904
Certis plus: Generic Knock-out 
Securities 
1.2(f)(viii) 
904-905
Ratchet Securities 
1.2(g) 
905
Sum Securities 
1.2(h) 
905
Option Max Securities 
1.2(i) 
905-906
Stellar Securities 
1.2(j) 
906
Driver Securities 
1.2(k) 
906
Transition Securities 
1.2(l) 
906-908 
Automatic Early Redemption Payouts, Call Payouts and Put Payouts

--- Page 876 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 876 - 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Payouts 
1.3(a) 
908-909
Definitions for SPS Automatic 
Early Redemption Payouts 
1.3(b)
909-911
Call Payouts 
1.3(c)
911
Definitions for SPS Call 
Payouts 
1.3(d)
911-912
Put Payouts 
1.3(e)
912
Automatic Early Entitlement 
Amount 
1.3(f) 
912 
Definitions for SPS 
Accumulator AER Payout 
1.3(g) 
912-913 
Definitions for SPS Put 
Payouts 
1.3(h) 
913-914
SPS Entitlement Amounts 
Delivery of Worst-Performing 
Underlying 
1.4(a) 
914
Delivery of Best-Performing 
Underlying 
1.4(b) 
914-915
Delivery of the Underlying 
1.4(c) 
915
Delivery of Basket Underlying 
1.4(d) 
915 
Delivery of Accumulator 
Underlying 
1.4(e) 
915-916 
Rounding and Residual 
Amount 
1.4(f) 
916-917
Definitions for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates and FR Exit Rate 
Definitions for SPS 
Coupon/Premium Amount 
Rates 
1.5(a) 
917-919
Definitions for FR Exit Rate 
1.5(b) 
919-920
Simple Value and Performance Definitions for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Payouts and 
Entitlement Amounts  
Basic Value Definitions 
1.6(a) 
920-924
Mono Underlying Reference 
Value Definitions 
1.6(b) 
924-925

--- Page 877 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 877 - 
Multi Underlying Reference 
Value Definitions 
1.6(c) 
925-927
Underlying Reference 
Volatility Hedged Value 
1.6(d) 
927
Underlying Reference Volatility 
Hedged Value Definitions
1.6(e) 
927-933
Underlying Reference TIPP 
Value  
1.6(f) 
933
Automatic Early TIPP Value  
1.6(g) 
933 
HWM Value  
1.6(h) 
933
Underlying Reference TIPP 
Value, Automatic Early TIPP 
Value 
and 
HWM 
Value 
Definitions 
1.6(i) 
933-940
Delta One Value 
1.6(j) 
940 
Delta One Value Definitions  
1.6(k) 
940-941 
DA Value 
1.6(l) 
941 
DA Value Definitions 
1.6(m) 
941-945 
Delta 
One 
Div 
Multi 
Underlying Value 
1.6(n) 
945 
Delta 
One 
Div 
Multi 
Underlying Value Definitions 
1.6(o) 
945-949 
Delta 
One 
Div 
Mono 
Underlying Value  
1.6(p) 
949-950 
Delta 
One 
Div 
Mono 
Underlying Value Definitions 
1.6(q) 
950-952 
Serenity Value 
1.6(r) 
952 
Serenity Value Definitions 
1.6(s) 
952-963 
Greatest Period Values for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts 
Mono Underlying Reference 
Value Definitions 
1.7(a) 
963

--- Page 878 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 878 - 
Multi Underlying Reference 
Value Definitions 
1.7(b) 
963-964 
Lowest Period Values for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts 
Mono Underlying Reference 
Value Definitions 
1.8(a) 
964
Multi Underlying Reference 
Value Definitions 
1.8(b) 
964 
Average Values for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
Mono Underlying Reference 
Value Definitions 
1.9(a) 
964-965
Multi Underlying Reference 
Value Definitions 
1.9(b) 
965
Weighted Average Values for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts 
Mono Underlying Reference 
Value Definitions 
1.10(a) 
965
Multi Underlying Reference 
Value Definitions 
1.10(b) 
965-966
Minimum/Maximum Values 
Minimum/Maximum Values 
1.11 
966
General Definitions for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts 
General Definitions for SPS 
Coupon/Premium Amount 
Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts 
1.12 
966-970
Fixed Income Interest Rates 
FX Vanilla Coupon 
2.1(a) 
970
FI Digital Coupon 
2.1(b) 
970-971
FX Digital Coupon 
2.1(c) 
971
Range Accrual Coupon 
2.1(d)
971-972
FX Range Accrual Coupon 
2.1(e) 
972-973
FX Memory Coupon 
2.1(f) 
973
Combination Floater Coupon 
2.1(g)
973-974

--- Page 879 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 879 - 
PRDC Coupon 
2.1(h)
974-975 
FI Digital Floor Coupon 
2.1(i)
975-976
FI Digital Cap Coupon 
2.1(j)
976-977
FI Target Coupon 
2.1(k)
977-978
Duration Adjusted Coupon 
2.1(l) 
978
Definitions for Fixed Income Coupon Rates 
Definitions for Fixed Income 
Interest Rates 
2.2  
978-983 
Fixed Income Final Payouts 
FI FX Vanilla Securities 
2.3(i) 
983-984
FI Digital Floor Securities 
2.3(ii) 
 984-987
FI Digital Cap Securities 
2.3(iii) 
985-986
FI Digital Plus Securities 
2.3(iv) 
986-987
FI Inflation Securities 
2.3(v) 
987
Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
Target Automatic Early 
Redemption 
2.4(i) 
987-988
FI Underlying Automatic Early 
Redemption 
2.4(ii) 
988
FI Coupon Automatic Early 
Redemption 
2.4(iii) 
988 
Definitions for Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
Definitions for Fixed Income 
Automatic Early Redemption 
Payouts 
2.5 
988-989 
General definitions for Fixed Income Interest Rates, Final Payouts and Automatic Early 
Redemption Payouts 
General definitions for Fixed 
Income Interest Rates, Final 
Payouts and Automatic Early 
Redemption Payouts 
2.6 
989-993

--- Page 880 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 880 - 
Payout Conditions 
1.
SPS COUPON/PREMIUM AMOUNT RATES, PAYOUTS AND ENTITLEMENT 
AMOUNTS 
1.1
SPS Coupon / Premium Amount Rates
The following Rate of Interest or Premium Amount Rate will apply to the Securities if specified in 
the applicable Final Terms: 
(a)
SPS Fixed Coupon
If SPS Fixed Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate(i). 
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate
A SPS Fixed Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium amount 
at a specified rate for the relevant period. 
(b)
SPS Variable Amount Coupon
If SPS Variable Amount Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Rate(i). 
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate 
A SPS Variable Amount Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or 
premium amount at a specified floating or variable rate for the relevant period. 
(c)
Digital Coupon
If Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i)
If the Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of SPS Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) or SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
Rate(i); or 
(ii)
if the Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of SPS Coupon Valuation 
Date(i) or SPS Valuation Period(i), as applicable: 
zero. 
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate 
A Digital Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium amount at a 
specified rate for the relevant period if a specified condition is met.  If the condition is not 
met then the Securities will pay no interest or premium amount for that period.
(d)
Snowball Digital Coupon
If Snowball Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i)
if the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or SPS Coupon Valuation Period (i), as applicable:

--- Page 881 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 881 - 
(i)
)i(
SumRate
Rate

Where "Sum Rate(i)" means the sum of Rate(i) for each SPS Coupon Valuation Date 
or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, as applicable, in the period from (but excluding) 
the last occurring Snowball Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the 
relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period; or 
(ii)
if the Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date(i) or SPS Coupon Valuation Period (i), as applicable: 
zero. 
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate 
A Snowball Digital Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium 
amount on the basis of a Digital Coupon Condition but with a memory effect. Any interest 
or premium amount not paid in respect of a period may be paid at a later date if certain 
conditions are met.
(e)
Accrual Digital Coupon
If Accrual Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 


N
n / 
  x 
Rate(i)
Where: 
"n" is the number of AC Digital Days in the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i) Date 
on which the AC Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of AC Digital Days in the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Period(i). 
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate
An Accrual Digital Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium 
amount on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to the number of AC Digital Days on 
which a specified condition is satisfied in the relevant period.
(f)
Stellar Coupon
If Stellar Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 




K
1
k
(i))
Percentage
Strike
-
]
k)
(i,
Value
Coupon 
(i),
Percentage
Cap
Min 
(i),
Percentage
[Floor 
Max 
K
1
Coupon(i),
(Min 
Max 
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate 
A Stellar Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium amount, in 
respect of the relevant period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to a basket of 
Underlying References with the value of each Underlying Reference being subject to a cap 
and a floor.  The rate is also subject to a floor.

--- Page 882 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 882 - 
(g)
Cappuccino Coupon
If Cappuccino Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 




))
(
)
,
(
Barrier 
(i),
Percentage
Floor 
Max 
 x 
K
1
Coupon(i),
(Min 
Max 
K
1
k


i
Percentage
Strike
k
i
Value
Where "Barrier Value" is: 
(i)
if the Barrier Condition for the relevant Underlying Reference is satisfied in respect 
of the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date: 
(i)
Percentage
Cap
; or 
(ii)
if the Barrier Condition for the relevant Underlying Reference is not satisfied in 
respect of the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date: 
k)
(i,
Value
Coupon 
. 
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate 
A Cappuccino Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium amount 
on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to the average value of a basket of Underlying 
References where each value is floored and may be set at a fixed percentage (the Cap 
Percentage) if certain conditions are met.
(h)
Ratchet Coupon
If Ratchet Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i)
if Local Cap Percentage is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 









(i)
Q
in 
q
(i)
Percentage
Floor 
Global
),
(i)
Percentage
Floor 
Local
,
(i)
Percentage
Strike
-
Value(q)
Max(Coupon
Max
(ii)
if Local Cap Percentage is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 









(i)
Q
in 
q
(i)
Percentage
Floor 
Global
),
(i)
Percentage
Floor 
Local
),
(i)
Percentage
Cap
Local
,
(i)
Percentage
Strike
-
Value(q)
(Coupon 
(Min 
Max 
Max
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate 
A Ratchet Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium amount in 
respect of the relevant period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to the sum of 
two or more rates, in each case subject to a floor and if applicable a cap.
(i)
Driver Coupon
If Driver Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 


)
(i)
Percentage
Strike
-
k)
Value(i,
Modified
(i),
Percentage
Floor 
Max 
K
1
Coupon(i),
(Min 
Max 
K
1
k


--- Page 883 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 883 - 
Where: 
"Modified Value(i,k)" is: 
(i)
if the Coupon Value(i,k) is one of the nfixed greatest value in the basket of the 
Underlying References: 
Driver Percentage; or 
(ii)
otherwise: 
k)
Value(i,
Coupon 
. 
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate 
A Driver Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium amount in 
respect of the relevant period on the basis of a rate calculated by reference to the average 
performance of a basket of Underlying References with the Underlying Reference with the 
"nfixed" highest value being replaced by a fixed percentage (the Driver Percentage).
(j)
Nova Coupon 
If Nova Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:
(i)
if Cap Percentage is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(ii)
if Cap Percentage is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate 
A Nova Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium amount on the 
basis of a rate calculated by reference to the value of Underlying Reference(s). The rate is 
also subject to a floor and if applicable a cap. 
(k)
Sum Coupon 
If Sum Coupon is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
))
(
Coupon
Additional
(
(i)
A
l
a
b
a,
B
1
b
a





i
CW
Where: 
"CW" is the relevant Coupon Weighting;  
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"B" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 









(i)
Percentage
Floor 
Spread(i),
(i)
Percentage
Strike
1
Value(i)
Coupon 
Max 
 x 
Gearing(i)
(i)
Percentage
Constant 
i


















(i)
Percentage
Floor 
Spread(i),
(i)
Percentage
Strike
-
i
1
Value(i))
(Coupon 
Max 
 x 
Gearing(i)
(i),
Percentage
Cap
Min 
(i)
Percentage
Constant

--- Page 884 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 884 - 
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate 
A Sum Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium amount in 
respect of the relevant period on the basis of a rate calculated as the weighted sum of two 
or more interest / premium amount rates provided in the Conditions and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(l)
Option Max Coupon 
If Option Max Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 




a
A
l
a
)
Coupon(
Additional
Max
i

. 
where "A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate  
An Option Max Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium amount 
in respect of the relevant period on the basis of a rate calculated as the maximum of two or 
more interest / premium amount rates provided in the Conditions and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(m)
Transition Coupon 
If Transition Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
ܴܽݐ݁(௜) × ൣܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽܫ݊ݐ݁ݎ݁ݏݐܤ݁ܽݎ݅݊݃ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ−ܥ݋ݑ݌݋݊ܫ݊ݒ݁ݏݐ݁݀ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ௬൧Where: 
"Base Invested Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Coupon Invested Amount0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Coupon Invested Amounty" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or a SPS 
Coupon Valuation Period, a percentage equal to (i) the Coupon Multiplier in respect of such 
SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period, as the case may be, 
multiplied by (ii) the Base Invested Amount, provided that, if no Coupon Transition Event 
has occurred on or before such SPS Coupon Valuation Date or such SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period, Coupon Invested Amounty shall be the Coupon Invested Amount0; 
"Coupon Multiplier" or "y" means in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or a SPS 
Coupon Valuation Period, the number beside the relevant Coupon Transition Level that has 
been the subject of the Coupon Transition Event last occurring on or prior to such SPS 
Coupon Valuation Date or such SPS Coupon Valuation Period, as the case may be; 
"Coupon Transition Event" means that, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or a 
SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the Coupon Transition Value in respect of such SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date or such SPS Coupon Valuation Period is (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than 
or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" any Coupon Transition Rate, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Transition Event Date" means each SPS Coupon Valuation Date in respect of 
which a Coupon Transition Event has occurred;

--- Page 885 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 885 - 
"Coupon Transition Level" means each percentage specified as such in the numbered table 
set out in the applicable Finals Terms; 
"Coupon Transition Rate" means (a) each Coupon Transition Level in the table set out in 
the applicable Final Terms that is (i) not a Coupon Transition Level that has been the subject 
of a Coupon Transition Event (a "Triggered Coupon Transition Event Level") or (ii) (A) 
"greater than" or (B) "less than" a Triggered Coupon Transition Event Level (if any), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) if "Single Trigger" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Single Coupon Transition Level; 
"Coupon Transition Value" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or a SPS 
Coupon Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Interest Bearing Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
"Single Coupon Transition Level" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or 
a SPS Coupon Valuation Period, the first Coupon Transition Level in the table that has not 
been the subject of a Coupon Transition Event prior to such SPS Coupon Valuation Date or 
SPS Coupon Valuation Period, as the case may be. 
Description of the Coupon / Premium Amount Rate: 
A Transition Coupon provides that the Securities bear or pay interest or premium amount
at a rate, which is multiplied by the Initial Interest Bearing Amount minus the Invested 
Amount. The Invested Amount is exposed to the performance of the Underlying Reference. 
The ratio of the Initial Interest Bearing Amount and the Invested Amount will depend on 
whether a Coupon Transition Event has occurred and the Coupon Transition Rate in respect 
of which a Coupon Transition Event has been triggered. 
1.2
SPS Final Payouts
The following final payouts which when multiplied by the applicable NA (each a "Final Payout") 
will apply to the Securities if specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a)
SPS Fixed Percentage Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Fixed Percentage 
Securities: 
1
Percentage
Constant 
Description of the Payout
The Payout comprises a fixed percentage equal to the Constant Percentage. 
(b)
SPS Reverse Convertible Securities
(i)
SPS Reverse Convertible Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Reverse 
Convertible Securities:

--- Page 886 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 886 - 
(A)
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
1
Percentage
Constant 
; or 
(B)
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 


0%
Option;
 x 
Gearing
2
Percentage
Constant 
Max 

Where: 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS 
x Loss Percentage, 0%)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket of 
Underlying References in respect of which the Final Redemption Value is less 
than or equal to the EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread. EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put, Put Spread. EDS or Forward as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption 
Value; 0); Cap Percentage); 
"Range Accrual" means Min (Cap Percentage 1, Range Accrual Factor x 
Range Accrual Count) x Option 2; 
"Range Accrual Count" means the total number of Range Accrual Valuation 
Dates in the Range Accrual Observation Period where the Final Redemption 
Value is (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less 
than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Range Accrual 
Level; 
"Range Accrual Factor" means the percentage, amount or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 1 divided by the 
total number of Range Accrual Valuation Dates in the Range Accrual 
Observation Period; 
"Range Accrual Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Observation Period" means the period specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Range Accrual Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation 
Date, Pricing Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement 
Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Provided That (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Payout Condition 
1.2(b)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 887 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 887 - 
applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (B) of this Payout 
Condition 1.2(b)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, no Final Redemption Amount or Settlement Amount, 
as applicable, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises:

if no Knock-in Event has occurred, a fixed percentage equal to the Constant 
Percentage 1;  

if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Put or Put Spread indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to the Strike Percentage; 

if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Forward, indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s); 

if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on 
how many Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of Underlying 
References with a value above this barrier the higher the Percentage; 

if a Knock-in Event has occurred and Option is Range Accrual, a percentage that 
depends on how many days the Underlying Reference(s) is above, equal to or below 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Range Accrual Level; or
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has occurred and 
Option is Range Accrual, a percentage that depends on how many days the Underlying 
Reference(s) is above, equal to or below (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Range Accrual Level. 
Physical Delivery may also apply.
(ii)
SPS Reverse Convertible Standard Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Reverse 
Convertible Standard Securities: 
(A)
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
100%; or 
(B)
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Min (100%, Final Redemption Value). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises:  

if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 100 per cent.; or 

if a Knock-in Event has occurred, the minimum of 100 per cent. and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(c)
SPS Vanilla Products

--- Page 888 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 888 - 
(i)
Vanilla Call Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Call 
Securities: 


Percentage
Floor 
,
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
Final
Max 
*
Gearing
1
Percentage
Constant 

Description of Payout 
The Payout comprises:

if Gearing is positive, a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1 
or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and 

indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike 
Percentage. 
(ii)
Vanilla Call Spread Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Call 
Spread Securities: 
)
Percentage
Cap
),
Percentage
Floor 
;
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
(Final
(Max 
Min 
*
Gearing
1
Percentage
Constant 

Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises:

if Gearing is positive, a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1 
or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and 

indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike 
Percentage up to a maximum level. The maximum level is equal to the Cap 
Percentage. 
(iii)
Vanilla Put Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Put 
Securities: 


0
Value;
Redemption
Final
-
Percentage
Strike
Max 
*
Gearing
1
Percentage
Constant 

Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 

if Gearing is positive a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage or 
if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and 

indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike 
Percentage. 
(iv)
Vanilla Put Spread Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Put 
Spread Securities:

--- Page 889 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 889 - 
)
Percentage
Cap
0);
Value;
Redemption
Final
-
Percentage
(Strike
(Max 
Min 
*
Gearing
1
Percentage
Constant 

Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 

if Gearing is positive a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1 
or, if Gearing is negative, no fixed percentage; and 

indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike 
Percentage up to a maximum level. The maximum level is equal to the Cap 
Percentage. 
(v)
Vanilla Digital Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Vanilla Digital 
Securities: 
(A)
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Coupon
Bonus
1
Percentage
Constant 

; or 
(B)
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
2
Percentage
Constant 
. 
Description of the Payout
The Payout comprises:

a fixed percentage; and 

if a Knock-in Event has occurred, the Bonus Coupon. 
(vi)
Knock-in Vanilla Call Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Knock-in 
Vanilla Call Securities: 
(A)
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 


Percentage
Floor 
,
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
Final
Max 
*
Gearing
1
Percentage
Constant 

; or 
(B)
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
2
Percentage
Constant 
. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 

a fixed percentage; and 

if a Knock-in Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage.

--- Page 890 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 890 - 
(vii)
Knock-out Vanilla Call Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Knock-out 
Vanilla Call Securities: 
(A)
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 


Percentage
Floor 
,
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
Final
Max 
*
Gearing
1
Percentage
Constant 

; or 
(B)
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
2
Percentage
Constant 
. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises:

a fixed percentage; and 

if no Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage. 
(viii)
SPS Range Accrual Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SPS Range 
Accrual Securities:  
Max (Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing × Option; 0%) 
Where:  
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 3 – nEDS × Loss 
Percentage, 0%)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of Underlying Reference(s) in the Basket in respect of 
which the Final Redemption Value is (i) less than or equal to or (ii) less than, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, EDS, Range Accrual or Forward, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;  
"Option 2" means Put, Put Spread, EDS, Forward or the percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0); 
Cap Percentage);  
"Range Accrual" means Min (Cap Percentage 1, Range Accrual Factor x Range 
Accrual Count) x Option 2; 
"Range Accrual Count" means the total number of Range Accrual Valuation 
Dates in the Range Accrual Observation Period where the Final Redemption Value

--- Page 891 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 891 - 
is (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or 
equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Range Accrual Level; 
"Range Accrual Factor" means the percentage, amount or number specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 1 divided by the total 
number of Range Accrual Valuation Dates in the Range Accrual Observation 
Period; 
"Range Accrual Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Observation Period" means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
"Range Accrual Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, 
Pricing Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date, and/or Settlement Price 
Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 

if Option is Put or Put Spread, [no fixed percentage and] indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage;  

if Option is Forward, [no fixed percentage and] indexation to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s);  

if Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many Underlying 
Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS Barrier 
Percentage. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of 
Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the 
percentage; or 

if Option is Range Accrual, a percentage that depends on how many days 
the Underlying Reference(s) is above, equal to or below (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Range Accrual Level. 
(d)
Asian Products
(i)
Asian Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Asian 
Securities: 
(A) 
If Asian Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
(B) 
If Asian Local Cap is specified as not applicable then: 
)
M
(i)
Percentage
Floor 
Local
,
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
(Max(Final
M
Total
1
Max(
*
Gearing
1
Percentage
Constant
Percentage
Floor 
)),
(i)
(i)
(i)



Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises:

--- Page 892 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 892 - 

a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1; and 

indexation to the average value of the Underlying Reference(s) when the 
average value is above the Strike Percentage.
(ii)
Asian Spread Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Asian Spread 
Securities: 
(A) 
If Asian Local Cap is specified as applicable then: 
(B) 
If Asian Local Cap is specified as not applicable then: 
,
M
(i)
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
(Max(Final
M
Total
1
Min(Max(
*
Gearing
1
Percentage
Constant 
(i)
(i)



)
Percentage
Cap
);
Percentage
Floor 
)),
Percentage
Floor 
Local
(i)
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises:

a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1; and 

indexation to the average value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to a 
maximum level if the average value is above the Strike Percentage. The 
maximum level is equal to the Cap Percentage. 
(iii)
Himalaya Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Himalaya 
Securities: 
Where: 
"BestLockValue(i)" means the highest Underlying Reference Value on SPS 
Valuation Date(i) of the Underlying Reference(s) in Relevant Basket(i); and 
"Relevant Basket(i)" means, in respect of SPS Valuation Date(i), a Basket of 
Underlying References comprising each Underlying Reference in Relevant 
Basket(i-1) but excluding the Underlying Reference in relation to BestLockValue(i-
1). 
Relevant Basket(i=1) will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing*Max(
1
Total M× ෍max(Best Lock Value(i) - Strike Percentage(i)
M
(i)
, Local Floor Percentage(i)),0)

--- Page 893 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 893 - 

a fixed percentage equal to Constant Percentage 1; 

average indexation to the Underlying References above the Strike Percentage 
in accordance with the selection criteria on each Valuation Date where the 
Value of the best performing Underlying Reference in the Basket of 
Underlying References is calculated and then removed from the Basket of 
Underlying References for the following Valuation Dates, the Payout 
providing indexation to the average of those calculated Values (the 
BestLockValues) above the Strike Percentage. 
(iv)
Talisman Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Talisman 
Securities: 
(A) 
if Mono Underlying Reference Talisman Securities is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 1
+ ܯܽݔቌܩ݈݋ܾ݈ܽܨ݈݋݋ݎܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁; ቎1
ܫ
× ෍ܣ(௜) × ݈ܶܽ݅ݏܸ݈݉ܽ݊ܽݑ݁(௜)
௜
௜ୀଵ
቏−ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ቍ
Where: 
"Talisman Value(i)" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the absolute value 
of: 
ܨ݈ܴ݅݊ܽ݁݀݁݉݌ݐ݅݋ܸ݈݊ܽݑ݁௜− ܣܸܴܩܸ݈ܽݑ݁; or 
(B) 
if Multi Underlying Reference Talisman Securities is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 1 
+ ܯܽݔቆܩ݈݋ܾ݈ܽܨ݈݋݋ݎܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁; ቈ1
݇
× ෍
݈ܶܽ݅ݏܸ݈݉ܽ݊ܽݑ݁(௞)
௞
௞ୀଵ
቉−ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ቇ
Where: 
"Talisman Value(k)" means in respect of a SPS Valuation Date and the Underlying 
Reference(k), the absolute value of: 
Final Redemption Value(k)- AVRG Value
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises an indexation to the average value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) when the average value is above the Strike Percentage, subject to a 
minimum level of the Global Floor Percentage.

--- Page 894 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 894 - 
(e)
Auto-Callable Products
(i)
Autocall Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Autocall 
Securities: 
(A)
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied:  
Rate
Exit 
FR
1
Percentage
Constant 

; or 
(B)
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-in Event 
has occurred: 
Percentage
Airbag
Coupon 
2
Percentage
Constant 

; or 
(C)
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-in Event 
has occurred: 


0%
Option;
 x 
Gearing
3
Percentage
Constant 
Max 

where: 
"EDS" means Max (Floor Percentage, Min (Constant Percentage 4 – nEDS 
× Loss Percentage, 0%)); 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"nEDS" means the number of underlying Reference(s) in the Basket of 
Underlying References in respect of which the relevant Final Redemption 
Value is less than or equal to the EDS Barrier Percentage; 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread, EDS, Range Accrual or Forward, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option 2" means Put, Put Spread, EDS, Forward or the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Put" means Max(Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0);  
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption 
Value; 0); Cap Percentage); 
"Range Accrual" means Min (Cap Percentage 1, Range Accrual Factor x 
Range Accrual Count) x Option 2; 
"Range Accrual Count" means the total number of Range Accrual 
Valuation Dates in the Range Accrual Observation Period where the Final 
Redemption Value is (i) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater 
than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Range Accrual Level; 
"Range Accrual Factor" means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or, if not so specified, 1

--- Page 895 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 895 - 
divided by the total number of Range Accrual Valuation Dates in the 
Range Accrual Observation Period; 
"Range Accrual Level" means the percentage, amount or number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Observation Period" means the period specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Range Accrual Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation 
Date, Pricing Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Provided That (aa) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (A) of this Payout 
Condition 1.2(e)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 1 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms or (bb) if the provisions of sub-
paragraph (B) of this Payout Condition 1.2(e)(i) apply and Physical 
Delivery Option 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or (cc) if the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) of this Payout Condition 
1.2(e)(i) apply and Physical Delivery Option 3 is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, no Final Redemption Amount or Settlement 
Amount, as applicable, will be payable and Physical Delivery will apply. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 

if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied, a fixed percentage plus a 
final exit rate (equal to the FR Exit Rate); 

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-In Event 
has occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed 
percentage);  

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-In Event has 
occurred and Option is Put or Put Spread no fixed percentage and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike 
Percentage;  

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has 
occurred and Option is Forward, no fixed percentage and indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) 

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has 
occurred and Option is EDS, a percentage that depends on how many 
Underlying Reference(s) in the basket have a value greater than the EDS 
Barrier Percentage. When Gearing is positive the higher the number of 
Underlying Reference(s) with a value above this barrier the higher the 
percentage; or 

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, a Knock-in Event has 
occurred and Option is Range Accrual, a percentage that depends on how 
many days the Underlying Reference(s) is above, equal to or below (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Range Accrual Level.

--- Page 896 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 896 - 
Physical Delivery may also apply. 
(ii)
Autocall One Touch Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Autocall One 
Touch Securities: 
(A)
if the Final Redemption Condition is satisfied: 
Rate
Exit 
FR
1
Percentage
Constant 

;  
(B)
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-out Event 
has occurred: 
1
Percentage
Airbag
Coupon 
2
Percentage
Constant 

; or 
(C)
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied, no Knock-out Event has 
occurred and no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
2
Percentage
Airbag
Coupon 
3
Percentage
Constant 

; or 
(D)
if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and if no Knock-out 
Event has occurred but a Knock-in Event has occurred: 


0%
Option;
 x 
Gearing
4
Percentage
Constant 
Max 

where: 
"Option" means Put, Put Spread or Forward as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Forward" means Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage; 
"Put" means Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption Value; 0); and 
"Put Spread" means Min (Max (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption 
Value; 0); Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 

if the Final Redemption Condition is met satisfied, a fixed percentage plus 
a final exit rate (equal to the FR Exit Rate); 

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and a Knock-Out Event 
has occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ from the above fixed 
percentage); 

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-Out Event 
and no Knock-In Event has occurred, a fixed percentage (that may differ 
from the above fixed percentages); or 

if the Final Redemption Condition is not satisfied and no Knock-Out Event 
has occurred but a Knock-In Event has occurred, if Option is Put or Put 
Spread no fixed percentage and indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage; or if Option is Forward, no

--- Page 897 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 897 - 
fixed percentage and indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s). 
(iii)
Autocall Standard Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Autocall Standard 
Securities: 
(A)
If FR Barrier Value is greater than or equal to the Final Redemption 
Condition Level: 
100% + FR Exit Rate; or 
(B)
If FR Barrier Value is less than the Final Redemption Condition Level and 
no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
100% + Coupon Airbag Percentage; or 
(C)
If FR Barrier Value is less than the Final Redemption Condition Level and 
a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Min (100%, Final Redemption Value). 
Description of the Payout
The Payout comprises: 

if the FR Barrier Value on the SPS Redemption Valuation Date is equal to or 
greater than the Final Redemption Condition Level, 100 per cent. plus a final 
exit rate (equal to the FR Exit Rate); 

if the FR Barrier Value on the SPS Final Redemption Date is less than the 
Final Redemption Condition Level and no Knock-in Event has occurred, 100 
per cent. plus a fixed percentage; or 

if the FR Barrier Value on the SPS Redemption Valuation Date is less than the 
Final Redemption Condition Level and a Knock-in Event has occurred, the 
minimum of 100 per cent. and indexation to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s). 
(f)
Indexation Products
(i)
Certi plus: Booster Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Booster Securities: 
(A)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 

]
,0
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
Final
Max 
 x 
Gearing
Additional
Value
Redemption
[Final
1
Percentage
Constant 


(B)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 


]]
Percentage
Cap
,
,0
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
Final
[
Max 
 x 
Gearing
Additional
Value
Redemption
[Final
Min 
1
Percentage
Constant 



--- Page 898 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 898 - 
Description of the Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Payout comprises:

indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); and 

additional indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above 
the Strike Percentage. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Payout provides a limited maximum upside 
and comprises:

indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s);  

additional indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above 
the Strike Percentage; and 

subject to a cap of the Cap Percentage. 
(ii)
Certi plus: Bonus Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Bonus Securities: 
(A)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 


Value
Redemption
Final
Down
1
Percentage
Constant 

; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 




Value
Redemption
Final
 Up
,
Percentage
Bonus
Max 
1
Percentage
Constant 

(B)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
]
0)
,
Percentage
Cap
-
Value
Redemption
Final
(Down
Max 
-
Value
Redemption
Final
Down
[
1
Percentage
Constant 

; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 


]
0)
,
Percentage
Cap
-
Value
Redemption
Final
(Up
Max 
-
Value
Redemption
Final
 Up
,
Percentage
Bonus
Max 
[
1
Percentage
Constant 

Description of the Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Payout comprises:

if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus 
Percentage; or 

if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value).

--- Page 899 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 899 - 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Payout provides limited maximum upside and 
comprises:

if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Bonus 
Percentage up to a maximum level.  The maximum level is equal to the 
Cap Percentage; or 

if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the above value) up 
to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage. 
(iii)
Certi plus: Leveraged Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Leveraged Securities: 
(A)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
]
0)
,
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
(Final
Max 
 x 
Gearing
Additional
Value
Redemption
[Final
1
Percentage
Constant 


; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 


)))
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
(Final
 x 
Gearing
Additional
1
100%
(Max(100%,
1
Percentage
Constant 



(B)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
0)]]
,
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
(Final
Max 
 x 
Gearing
Additional
Value
Redemption
[Final
,
Percentage
[Cap
Min 
1
Percentage
Constant 


; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 


))]]
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
(Final
 x 
Gearing
Additional
1
100%
(100%,
[Max 
,
Percentage
[Cap
Min 
1
Percentage
Constant 



Description of Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Payout comprises:

if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and leveraged 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike 
Percentage; or 

if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) plus additional indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage.

--- Page 900 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 900 - 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Payout provides limited maximum upside and 
comprises:

if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage and leveraged 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike 
Percentage up to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage; or 

if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) plus additional indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage. The aggregate 
indexation is limited to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage. 
(iv)
Certi plus: Twin Win Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Twin Win Securities: 
(A)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 


Value
Redemption
Final
*
Down 
Gear 
0,
Max 
1
Percentage
Constant 

; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2  + Max[Max (Gear up 1* (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption 
Value), Gear up 2* (Final Redemption Value – Strike Percentage)), Floor Percentage] 
(B)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
)]
Value
Redemption
Final
*
Down 
Gear 
,
Percentage
Cap
(
Min 
[
1
Percentage
Constant 

; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2  + Max[Max (Gear up 1* (Strike Percentage – Final Redemption 
Value), Min (CapPercentage – Strike Percentage, Gear up 2* (Final Redemption Value – 
Strike Percentage))), Floor Percentage] 
Description of the Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Payout comprises:

if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage and 
indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike 
Percentage in absolute terms; or 

if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s). 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Payout comprises:

if no Knock-out Event has occurred, a minimum percentage, indexation to 
the value of the Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage and

--- Page 901 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 901 - 
up to a maximum level equal to the Cap Percentage and indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) below the Strike Percentage in 
absolute terms; or 

if a Knock-out Event has occurred, indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) up to a maximum level equal to the Cap 
Percentage. 
(v)
Certi plus: Super Sprinter Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Super Sprinter Securities: 
(A)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
0)
,
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
(Final
Max 
 x 
Gearing
Additional
Value
Redemption
Final
1
Percentage
Constant 


; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Value
Redemption
Final
1
Percentage
Constant 

. 
(B)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(x) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
0))]
,
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Redemption
(Final
Max 
 x 
Gearing
Additional
Value
Redemption
Final
,
Percentage
(Cap
Min 
[
1
Percentage
Constant 


; or 
(y) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 




Value
Redemption
Final
,
Percentage
Cap
Min 
1
Percentage
Constant 

Description of the Payout 
If Cap is specified as not applicable the Payout comprises:

indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s); and 

if a Knock-in Event occurs, additional indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage. 
If Cap is specified as applicable the Payout provides a limited maximum upside 
and comprises:

indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) up to a maximum 
level; 

if a Knock-in Event has occurred, additional indexation to the value of the 
Underlying Reference(s) above the Strike Percentage up to a maximum 
level; and 

a maximum payout equal to Constant Percentage 1 plus the Cap 
Percentage.

--- Page 902 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 902 - 
(vi)
Certi plus: Generic Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Generic Securities: 
Down
Option
Down
Gearing
OptionUp
 Up
Gearing
1
Percentage
Constant 




where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down 
Strike Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final 
Redemption Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call 
or Down Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike 
Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); and 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption 
Value; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout provides no guarantee of a fixed percentage and comprises:

indexation to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (through the Option 
Up which may be subject to a maximum level); and 

indexation to the value (this value may differ from the value above) of the 
Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Down which may be subject 
to a maximum level (which may differ from the maximum level above).

--- Page 903 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 903 - 
(vii)
Certi plus: Generic Knock-in Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Generic Knock-in Securities: 
(A)
if no Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Up
Option
 Up
Gearing
1
Percentage
Constant 


; or 
(B)
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Down
Option
Down
Gearing
2
Percentage
Constant 


, 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down 
Strike Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final 
Redemption Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call 
or Down Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike 
Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); and 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption 
Value; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises:

if no Knock-in Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may be 
subject to a maximum level; or

--- Page 904 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 904 - 

if a Knock-in Event occurs, a fixed percentage indexation to the value of 
the Underlying Reference(s) (this may differ from the value above) through 
the Option Down which may be subject to a maximum level (which may 
differ from the maximum level above). 
(viii)
Certi plus: Generic Knock-out Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Certi plus: 
Generic Knock-out Securities: 
(A) 
if no Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Gearing Up x Option Up; or 
(B) 
if a Knock-out Event has occurred: 
Constant Percentage 2 + Gearing Down x Option Down, 
where: 
"Down Call" means Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Call Spread" means Min (Max (Down Final Redemption Value – Down 
Strike Percentage; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Down Forward" means Down Final Redemption Value – Down Strike 
Percentage; 
"Down Put" means Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final Redemption 
Value; Down Floor Percentage); 
"Down Put Spread" means Min (Max (Down Strike Percentage – Down Final 
Redemption Value; Down Floor Percentage); Down Cap Percentage); 
"Option Down" means Down Put, Down Put Spread, Down Forward, Down Call 
or Down Call Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Up" means Up Call, Up Call Spread, Up Forward, Up Put or Up Put 
Spread as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Call" means Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; Up 
Floor Percentage); 
"Up Call Spread" means Min (Max (Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike 
Percentage; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage); 
"Up Forward" means Up Final Redemption Value – Up Strike Percentage; 
"Up Put" means Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption Value; Up 
Floor Percentage); and 
"Up Put Spread" means Min (Max (Up Strike Percentage – Up Final Redemption 
Value; Up Floor Percentage); Up Cap Percentage).

--- Page 905 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 905 - 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises: 
• 
if no Knock-out Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to the 
value of the Underlying Reference(s) through the Option Up which may 
be subject to a maximum level; or
• 
if a Knock-out Event occurs, a fixed percentage and indexation to the value 
of the Underlying Reference(s) (this value may differ from the value above) 
through the Option Down which may be subject to a maximum level (which 
may differ from the maximum level above). 
(g)
Ratchet Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Ratchet Securities: 
(i)
if Local Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(ii)
if Local Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout provides an amount equal to the sum of the Final Redemption Values above the 
Strike Percentage subject to a floor of the Global Floor Percentage. The Final Redemption 
Values are calculated on each SPS Valuation Date during the SPS Valuation Period and 
each may be subject to a Cap and/or a floor. 
(h)
Sum Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Sum Securities: 




Payout
Final
Additional
PW
1
Percentage
Constant 
A
1
a
B
1
b
b
a,
a





. 
Where "PW" is the relevant Additional Final Payout Weighting;  
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"B" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises a weighted sum of two or more Payouts provided in the Conditions 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i)
Option Max Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Option Max Securities: 
Constant Percentage 1+ Maxቌ෍Max(Final Redemption Value(q) – Strike Percentage, Local Floor Percentage), Global Floor Percentage
q in Q(i)
ቍ
Constant Percentage 1+ Max ቌ෍Max(Min(Final Redemption Value(q) – Strike Percentage, Local Cap Percentage), Local Floor Percentage), Global Floor Percentage
q in Q(i)
ቍ

--- Page 906 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 906 - 




a
A
1
aMax
Payout
Final
Additional
1
Percentage
Constant 


where "A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
The Payouts comprises a maximum of two or more Payouts provided in the Conditions and 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(j)
Stellar Securities
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Stellar Securities: 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises an amount equal to the sum of the Final Redemption Values above 
the Strike Percentage for each Underlying Reference in the basket (each such Final 
Redemption Value being subject to a minimum and a maximum level) subject to a minimum 
level of the Global Floor Percentage.  
(k)
Driver Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Driver Securities: 








Percentage
)Strike
Value
Modified
,
Percentage
(Floor 
ax 
1
K
1
,
Percentage
Floor 
Global
Max
(k)
M
K
k
Where: 
"Modified Value(k)" is: 
(i) 
if the Final Redemption Value(k) is one of the nfixed greatest values in the basket 
of Underlying References: 
Driver Percentage; or 
(ii) 
otherwise: 
 Final Redemption Value(k). 
Description of the Payout 
The Payout comprises an amount calculated by reference to the average performance of a 
basket of Underlying References above the Strike Percentage with the Underlying Reference 
with the "nfixed" highest value being replaced by a fixed percentage (the Driver 
Percentage), subject to a minimum level of the Global Floor Percentage.  
(l)
Transition Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Transition Securities: 
Max൭Global Floor Percentage, 1
K ෍Max[Local Floor Percentage, Min(Cap Percentage, Final Redemption Value(k))]
K
k=1
-Strike Percentage൱

--- Page 907 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 907 - 
ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 1
+ ܫ݊݅ݐ݈ܷ݅ܽ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕ݅݊݃ܣ݈݈݋ܿܽݐ݅݋݊
× (ܨ݈ܴ݅݊ܽ݁݀݁݉݌ݐ݅݋ܸ݈݊ܽݑ݁−ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 2)
+ ෍ܫ݊ݒ݁ݏݐ݁݀ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ௬
௬
௬ୀଵ
× ቆܨ݈ܴ݅݊ܽ݁݀݁݉݌ݐ݅݋ܸ݈݊ܽݑ݁
ܫ݊ݒ݁ݏݐ݉݁݊ݐܵݐݎ݅݇݁ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௬
− ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 3ቇ
Where: 
"Base Invested Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Initial Underlying Allocation" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Invested Amount0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Invested Amounty" means a percentage equal to (i) the Multiplier multiplied by (ii) the 
Base Invested Amount, provided that, if no Transition Trigger Event has occurred on or 
before the SPS Redemption Valuation Date, Invested Amounty shall be the Invested 
Amount0; 
"Investment Strike Levely" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Multiplier" or "y" means the number beside the relevant Transition Trigger Level that 
has been the subject of the Transition Trigger Event last occurring on or prior to the SPS 
Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Single Transition Trigger Level" means, in respect of a SPS Transition Valuation Date 
or a SPS Transition Valuation Period, the first Transition Trigger Level in the table that has 
not been the subject of a Transition Trigger Event prior to such SPS Transition Valuation 
Date or SPS Transition Valuation Period, as the case may be; 
"SPS Transition Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing 
Date, Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Transition Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Transition Trigger Event" means that, in respect of a SPS Transition Valuation Date or 
a SPS Transition Valuation Period, the Transition Trigger Value in respect of such SPS 
Transition Valuation Date or SPS Transition Valuation Period is (i) "greater than", (ii) 
"greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" any Transition 
Trigger Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Transition Trigger Level" means each percentage specified as such in the numbered table 
set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Transition Trigger Rate" means (a) each Transition Trigger Level in the table set out in 
the applicable Final Terms that is (i) not a Transition Trigger Level that has been the subject

--- Page 908 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 908 - 
of a Transition Trigger Event (a "Triggered Transition Trigger Level") or (ii) (A) "greater 
than" or (B) "less than" a Triggered Transition Trigger Level, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or (b) if "Single Trigger" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Single Transition Trigger Level; and 
"Transition Trigger Value" means, in respect of a SPS Transition Valuation Date or a SPS 
Transition Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout  
The Payout comprises:  

if a Transition Trigger Event has not occurred, a fixed percentage plus the Initial 
Underlying Allocation, multiplied by the performance of the Underlying Reference; 
or  

if at least one Transition Trigger Event has occurred, a fixed percentage plus the 
Initial Underlying Allocation, multiplied by the performance of the Underlying 
Reference, together with an Invested Amount, the level of which will depend on the 
Transition Trigger Level at which the Transition Trigger Event last occurring on 
or prior to the SPS Redemption Valuation Date has triggered, multiplied by the 
performance of the Underlying Reference divided by the Investment Strike Level 
less a fixed percentage. 
(m)
If specified in the applicable Final Terms any Final Payout will be subject to a cap of the 
Maximum Final Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum Final Payout, in each case as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.3
Automatic Early Redemption Payouts, Call Payouts and Put Payouts
(a)
Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs: 
(i) 
if SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout shall be: 
NA x (AER Redemption Percentage + AER Exit Rate) 
(ii)  
if SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
NA x (AER Redemption Percentage + AER CSN Rate) 
(iii) 
if SPS Transition Automatic Early Redemption Payout is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
NA×ER Constant Percentage 1+AER Underlying Allocation×ER Value 1-ER Constant 
Percentage 2+y=1yAER Invested Amounty ×ER Value 2AER Strike Levely-ER Constant 
Percentage 3, 
Provided That if specified in the applicable Final Terms the SPS Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout, SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout or SPS Transition Automatic Early

--- Page 909 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 909 - 
Redemption Payout, as applicable, will be subject to a cap of the Maximum SPS Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout, Maximum SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout or Maximum SPS 
Transition Automatic Early Redemption Payout, as applicable, and/or a floor of the Minimum SPS 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout, Minimum SPS Target Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
or Minimum SPS Transition Automatic Early Redemption Payout, as applicable, in each case 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b)
Definitions for SPS Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
"AER Athena up Rate" means: 
(i)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 




(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
Percentage
Constant
ER
)
Percentage
Cap
ER
,
Spread
ER
Percentage
Strike
ER
-
Value
ER
 x 
Gearing
ER
,
Percentage
Floor 
ER
(Max 
Min 


(ii)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 




(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
Percentage
Constant
ER
Spread
ER
Percentage
Strike
ER
-
Value
ER
 x 
Gearing
ER
,
Percentage
Floor 
ER
Max 


"AER Calculation Period" means: 
(i) 
the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date or Premium Amount Payment 
Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Automatic Early Redemption Date (or if 
none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the Automatic Early Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if AER Calculation Strike Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period from 
(but excluding) the Strike Date to (and including) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date; 
"AER CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the AER Rate and the applicable 
AER Day Count Fraction; 
"AER Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AER Exit Rate" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation Period, any 
of AER Rate, AER Athena up Rate or AER CSN Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Invested Amount0" means the percentage specified as a such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Invested Amounty" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date, a percentage equal to (i) 
the ER Multiplier in respect of such SPS ER Valuation Date, multiplied by (ii) the Base Invested 
Amount, provided that, if no AER Transition Event has occurred on or before such SPS ER 
Valuation Date, AER Invested Amounty shall be the AER Invested Amount0; 
"AER Rate" is as defined in Condition 7(r)(B) of the Notes or Condition 8(s)(b) of the Certificates, 
as applicable; 
"AER Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"AER Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Strike Levely" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 910 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 910 - 
"AER Transition Event" means that, in respect of a SPS ER Transition Valuation Date or a SPS 
ER Transition Valuation Period, the AER Transition Value in respect of such SPS ER Transition 
Valuation Date or SPS ER Transition Valuation Period is (i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal 
to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" any AER Transition Rate, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Transition Level" means each percentage specified as such in the numbered table set out in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Transition Rate" means (a) each AER Transition Level in the table set out in the applicable 
Final Terms that is (i) not an AER Transition Level that has been the subject of an AER Transition 
Event (a "Triggered AER Transition Level") or (ii) (A) "greater than" or (B) "less than" a 
Triggered AER Transition Level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if "Single 
Trigger" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Single AER Transition 
Level; 
"AER Transition Value" means, in respect of a SPS ER Transition Valuation Date or a SPS ER 
Transition Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Underlying Allocation" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Base Invested Amount" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Cap Percentage" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation Period, 
the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Constant Percentage" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation 
Period, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Constant Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Constant Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Floor Percentage" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation Period, 
the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Gearing" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Multiplier" or "y" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date, the number beside the 
relevant AER Transition Level that has been the subject of the AER Transition Event last occurring 
on or prior to such SPS ER Valuation Date; 
"ER Spread" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation Period, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Strike Percentage" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation Period, 
the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Value" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation Period, the value 
from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 911 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 911 - 
"ER Value 1" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation Period, the value 
from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ER Value 2" means, in respect of a SPS ER Valuation Date or SPS ER Valuation Period, the value 
from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS ER Transition Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"SPS ER Transition Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"SPS ER Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"SPS ER Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(c)
Call Payouts 
If SPS Call Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Call Payout will be: 
Rate),
Exit 
Call
Percentage
Redemption
(Call
NA x

Provided that if specified in the applicable Final Terms the SPS Call Payout will be subject to a cap 
of the Maximum SPS Call Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum SPS Call Payout, in each case 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d)
Definitions for SPS Call Payouts 
"Call Athena up Rate" means: 
(i)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Percentage
Constant 
Call
)
Percentage
Cap
Call
),
Percentage
Spread
Call
)
Percentage
Strike
Call
-
Value
(Call
 x
Gearing
Call
,
Percentage
Floor
ll
Min(Max(Ca


if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Percentage
Constant 
Call
)
Percentage
Spread
Call
)
Percentage
Strike
Call
-
Value
(Call
 x 
Gearing
Call
,
Percentage
Floor 
Max(Call


"Call Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date or 
Premium Amount Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Optional Redemption 
Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date; 
"Call CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the Call Rate and the applicable 
Day Count Fraction; 
"Call Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Exit Rate" means any of Call Rate, Call Athena up Rate or Call CSN Rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 912 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 912 - 
"Call Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, the applicable 
Final Terms.  If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Call Rate is to be determined by reference 
to a Screen Rate, the Call Rate shall be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(r)(D) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or 8(s)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (as applicable), 
save that references therein to "AER" shall be deemed to be references to "Call"; 
"Call Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Call Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Call Value" means, in respect of an SPS Call Valuation Date or SPS Call Valuation Period, the 
value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"SPS Call Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"SPS Call Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e)
Put Payouts 
If SPS Put Payout is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Put Payout will be: 
Rate),
Exit 
Put 
Percentage
Redemption
(Put 
NA x 

Provided That if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the SPS Put Payout will be subject to a cap 
of the Maximum SPS Put Payout and/or a floor of the Minimum SPS Put Payout, in each case 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f)
Automatic Early Entitlement Amount 
If Automatic Early Redemption and SPS Accumulator AER Payout are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Automatic Early 
Entitlement Amount shall be: 
෍
ൣܦ݈ܽ݅ݕܣܧܴܵℎܽݎ݁(௜) + ܦ݈ܽ݅ݕܣܧܴܣ݀݀݅ݐ݅݋݈݊ܽܵℎܽݎ݁(௜)൧
ூಲಶೃ
௜ୀଵ
provided that, the Automatic Early Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of 
each Relevant Asset capable of being delivered, plus an amount payable by the Issuer equal to: 
ܰܣ − ܣܧܴܰݑܾ݉݁ݎ × ܨܺܣܧܴ × ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ × ܷ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕܴ݂݅݊݃݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ܲݎ݅ܿ݁. 
(g)
Definitions for SPS Accumulator AER Payout 
"AER Accumulator Condition" means that, in respect of an AER Accumulator Valuation Date, the 
Underlying Reference Value in respect of such day is (i) "greater than", (ii) "less than", (iii) "equal 
to or greater than" or (iv) "less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the AER 
Accumulator Level;

--- Page 913 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 913 - 
"AER Accumulator Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Accumulator Period" means the period from (but excluding) the Strike Date to (and 
including) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"AER Accumulator Valuation Date" means each Scheduled Trading Day in the AER Accumulator 
Period; 
"AER Additional Share Value" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AER Number" is equal to the Automatic Early Entitlement Amount for the relevant Automatic 
Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Daily AER Additional Share(i)" means, in respect of an AER Accumulator Valuation Date: 
(i) 
if the AER Accumulator Condition is satisfied in respect of such AER Accumulator 
Valuation Date, the AER Additional Share Value; or 
(ii) 
if the AER Accumulator Condition is not satisfied in respect such AER Accumulator 
Valuation Date, zero; 
"Daily AER Share(i)" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FXAER" means the Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date (or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day); and 
"IAER" means the total number of in the AER Accumulator Period. 
(h)
Definitions for SPS Put Payouts 
"Put Athena up Rate" means: 
(i)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Percentage
Constant 
Put 
)
Percentage
Cap
Put 
),
Percentage
Spread
Put 
)
Percentage
Strike
Put 
-
Value
(Put 
 x
Gearing
Put
,
Percentage
Floor
t
Min(Max(Pu


(ii)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Percentage
Constant 
Put 
)
Percentage
Spread
Put 
)
Percentage
Strike
Put 
-
Value
(Put 
 x 
Gearing
Put 
,
Percentage
Floor 
Max(Put 


"Put Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date or 
Premium Amount Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (or if none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date; 
"Put Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Put Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Put CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the Put Rate and the applicable 
Day Count Fraction; 
"Put Exit Rate" means any of Put Rate, Put Athena up Rate or Put CSN Rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 914 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 914 - 
"Put Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Put Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Put Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, the applicable 
Final Terms.  If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Put Rate is to be determined by reference 
to a Screen Rate, the Put Rate shall be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(r)(D) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or 8(s)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (as applicable), 
save that references therein to "AER" shall be deemed to be references to "Put"; 
"Put Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Put Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Put Spread Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Put Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Put Value" means, in respect of an SPS Put Valuation Date or SPS Put Valuation Period, the value 
from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Put Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"SPS Put Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.4
SPS Entitlement Amounts
The following Entitlement Amounts (each an "Entitlement Amount") will apply to the Securities 
if specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject as provided in Payout Condition 1.4(c) below: 
(a)
Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying
If Delivery of Worst-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 


(i)
(i)
FX
 x 
Value
Price
Closing
Reference
g
 Underlyin
Performing
Worst 
Payout /  
Redemption
NA x 
Where: 
"Worst Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Worst Value on such date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date 
or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(b)
Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying
If Delivery of Best-Performing Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 


(i)
FX
 x 
(i)
Value
Price
Closing
Reference
g
 Underlyin
Performing
Best 
Payout /  
Redemption
NA x

--- Page 915 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 915 - 
Where: 
"Best-Performing Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(i)" is the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the 
Underlying Reference with the Best Value on such date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation Date 
or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(c)
Delivery of the Underlying
If Delivery of the Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms;  


(i)
FX
 x 
Value
Price
Closing
Reference
Underlying
Payout /  
Redemption
NA x 
Where: 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" is the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value on the relevant SPS Valuation Date; and 
"FX(i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation Date 
or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
(d)
Delivery of Basket Underlying 
If Delivery of Basket Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum 
of each Basket Entitlement Amount calculated in respect of each Underlying Reference(k) in the 
Basket. 
Where: 
"Basket Entitlement Amount" means an amount in respect of each Underlying Reference(k) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Basket Entitlement Amount = NA x Underlying Reference Weighting(k) / (Underlying Reference 
Strike Price(k) x FX (k,i)) 
"FX(k,i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation Date (or if 
that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day) in respect of such Underlying 
Reference(k); 
"Underlying Reference Strike Price(k)" means the Underlying Reference Strike Price in respect 
of such Underlying Reference(k); and 
"Underlying Reference Weighting(k)" means the Underlying Reference Weighting in respect of 
such Underlying Reference(k). 
(e)
Delivery of Accumulator Underlying 
If Delivery of Accumulator Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
෍[ܦ݈ܽ݅ݕܵℎܽݎ݁௜+ ܣ݀݀݅ݐ݅݋݈݊ܽܦ݈ܽ݅ݕܵℎܽݎ݁௜]
ூ
௜ୀଵ
Where:

--- Page 916 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 916 - 
"Accumulator Condition" means that, in respect of an Accumulator Valuation Date, the Underlying 
Reference Value for such day is (i) "greater than", (ii) "less than", (iii) "equal to or greater than" or 
(iv) "less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Accumulator Level; 
"Accumulator Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Accumulator Period" means the period from (but excluding) the Strike Date to (and including) 
the SPS Redemption Valuation Date; 
"Accumulator Valuation Date" means each Scheduled Trading Day in the Accumulator Period; 
"Additional Share Value" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Daily Additional Share(i)" means, in respect of an Accumulator Valuation Date: 
(i) 
if the Accumulator Condition is satisfied in respect of such Accumulator Valuation Date, 
the Additional Share Value; or 
(ii) 
if the Accumulator Condition is not satisfied in respect of such Accumulator Valuation 
Date, zero; 
"Daily Share(i)" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and  
"I" means the total number of Accumulator Valuation Dates in the Accumulator Period. 
(f)
Rounding and Residual Amount
(i)
Unless Delivery of Basket Underlying or Delivery of Accumulator Underlying is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Entitlement Amount will be rounded down 
to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable of being delivered and in lieu thereof the 
Issuer will pay an amount equal to: 
i)
(k,
K
1
k
i)
(k,
Value
Price
Closing
Reference
g
 Underlyin
*
FX
*
i)
(k,
Number 
-
Payout 
Redemption
NA x 

Where: 
"FX(k,i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation 
Date (or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day); 
"Number (k,i)" is equal to the Entitlement Amount for the relevant Underlying Reference 
(k) and SPS Valuation Date(i); and 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i)" is the Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Underlying 
Reference (k);  
(ii)
If Delivery of Basket Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Entitlement Amount will be rounded down on a per Underlying Reference basis with 
each Underlying Reference(k) being rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant 
Asset capable of being delivered and in lieu thereof the Issuer will pay an amount in respect 
of each Underlying Reference in the Basket equal to: 
NA × Redemption Payout −෍ൣNumber(k,i) × FX(k,i) × Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i)൧
K
k=1

--- Page 917 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 917 - 
Where: 
"FX(k,i)" is the relevant Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation Date 
(or if that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day);  
"ۼܝܕ܊܍ܚ(ܓ,ܑ)" is equal to the Basket Entitlement Amount for the relevant Underlying 
Reference(k) and SPS Valuation Date(i); and 
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value(k,i)" is the Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value(i) on the relevant SPS Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Underlying Reference(k). 
(iii) 
If Delivery of Accumulator Underlying is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Entitlement Amount will be rounded down to the nearest unit of each Relevant Asset capable 
of being delivered and the Issuer will also pay an amount equal to: 
ܰܣ × ܨܺ × ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ × ܷ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕܴ݂݅݊݃݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ܵݐݎ݅݇݁ܲݎ݅ܿ݁
Where: 
"FX" means the Underlying Reference FX Level on the relevant SPS Valuation Date (or if 
that is not a Business Day the immediately succeeding Business Day); and 
"Number" is equal to the Entitlement Amount for the relevant SPS Valuation Date. 
1.5
Definitions for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates and FR Exit Rate
(a)
Definitions for SPS Coupon / Premium Amount Rates 
"AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down" means the percentage, amount or number specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Up" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AC Digital Coupon Condition" means: 
(i)
if Barrier Up is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the DC Barrier 
Value for the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date is (i) equal to or greater than the relevant 
AC Digital Coupon Barrier Level Down and (ii) less than or equal to the relevant AC Digital 
Coupon Barrier Level Up; or 
(ii)
if Barrier Up is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the DC Barrier 
Value for the relevant SPS Coupon Valuation Date is equal to or greater than AC Digital 
Coupon Barrier Level Down; 
"AC Digital Day" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business Day, Hybrid Business 
Day, Scheduled Trading Day, SPS Coupon Valuation Date or other day specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Coupon" means each Coupon Rate, Rate or Premium Amount Rate or Divider 
Additional Coupon specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Condition" means that Coupon Value for the relevant Underlying Reference for the 
relevant SPS Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less 
than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level;

--- Page 918 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 918 - 
"Barrier Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Coupon Value" means, in respect of an SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Coupon Weighting" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation 
Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Divider Additional Coupon" means a value equal to 1 divided by the relevant Coupon Rate, Rate 
or Premium Amount Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Coupon Condition" means that the DC Barrier Value for the relevant SPS Coupon 
Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or 
greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Barrier Level; 
"Driver Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Condition Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Condition Level 2" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
"nfixed" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rate" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period: 
(i)
the fixed rate specified in or the floating rate calculated as provided in, the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(ii)
the Vanilla Call Rate or Vanilla Call Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Snowball Barrier Value" means, in respect of a SPS Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon 
Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Snowball Date" means each date on which the relevant Snowball Digital Coupon Condition is 
satisfied or the last day of any SPS Coupon Valuation Period in which the Snowball Digital Coupon 
Condition is satisfied; 
"Snowball Digital Coupon Condition" means that the Snowball Barrier Value for the relevant SPS 
Coupon Valuation Date or SPS Coupon Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal 
to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Snowball 
Level; 
"Snowball Level" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 919 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 919 - 
"SPS Coupon Valuation Date" means each AC Digital Day, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, 
Pricing Date, Settlement Price Date and/or Underlying Interest Determination Date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Coupon Valuation Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Vanilla Call Rate" means: 


(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
Percentage
Floor
,
Spread
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
Coupon 
Max 
*
Gearing
ge
Percenta
Constant 


; and 
"Vanilla Call Spread Rate" means: 


Percentage
Cap
);
Percentage
Floor
,
Spread
Percentage
Strike
-
Value
(Coupon 
Max 
Min 
*
Gearing
Percentage
Constant
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)
(i)


. 
(b)
Definitions for FR Exit Rate 
"FR Athena up Rate" means: 
(i)
if Cap is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Percentage
Constant 
FR
)
Percentage
Cap
FR
Spread),
FR
)
Percentage
Strike
FR
-
Value
(FR
Gearing
FR
,
Percentage
Floor 
(FR
Min(Max



(ii)
if Cap is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 


Percentage
Constant
FR
)
Spread
FR
Percentage
Strike
FR
-
Value
(FR
Gearing
FR
,
Percentage
Floor 
FR
Max



"FR Calculation Period" means the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date or 
Premium Amount Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Final Valuation Date (or 
if none the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the Final Valuation Date; 
"FR Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Constant Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR CSN Rate" means a percentage calculated as the product of the FR Rate and the applicable FR 
Day Count Fraction; 
"FR Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FR Exit Rate" means any of FR Rate, FR Athena up Rate or FR CSN Rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Rate" means the rate specified as such or determined in the manner set out in, the applicable 
Final Terms.  If the applicable Final Terms specify that the FR Rate is to be determined by reference 
to a Screen Rate, the FR Rate shall be calculated pursuant to Condition 7(r)(D) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes or 8(s)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (as applicable), 
save that references therein to "AER" shall be deemed to be references to "FR"; 
"FR Redemption Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FR Reference Rate" means the floating rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 920 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 920 - 
"FR Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Value" means, in respect of an SPS FR Valuation Date or SPS FR Valuation Period, the value 
from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Min Coupon" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, 
Underlying Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS FR Barrier Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"SPS FR Valuation Date" means each Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date, Underlying 
Interest Determination Date and/or Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
"SPS FR Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.6
Simple Value and Performance Definitions for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Payouts 
and Entitlement Amounts
(a)
Basic Value Definitions
"Count Observation Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the value from Payout 
Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Count Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the number of SPS Valuation Dates 
during such SPS Valuation Period in respect of which the Count Observation Value is (i) "greater 
than", (ii)"greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to", as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Count Barrier; 
"FX Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day, a value equal to: 
(i) 
the Underlying Reference FX Level for such day divided by the Underlying Reference FX 
Strike Level; 
(ii) 
if Inverse FX Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference 
FX Strike Level divided by the Underlying Reference FX Level for such day; or 
(iii) 
if Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value for such day divided by the Underlying Reference 
FX Strike Level; or 
(iv) 
if Underlying Reference FX (TWAP) Level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Reference FX (TWAP) Level for such day divided by the Underlying Reference FX 
Strike Level;
"Underlying Reference Closing Price Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date: 
(i)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Closing Level; 
(ii)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Custom Index, the Closing Level;

--- Page 921 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 921 - 
(iii)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, the Closing Price or the Italian Securities 
Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(iv)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an ETI, the Settlement Price; 
(v)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Commodity or a Commodity Index, the Relevant 
Price; 
(vi)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund (other than a Euro Fund), the NAV per Fund 
Share; 
(vii)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Fund Index, the Settlement Price; 
(viii)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Euro Fund, the Gross Rate of Return or the 
Provisional Minimum Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, as of the most recent 
Euro Fund Valuation Date; 
(ix)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the Underlying Interest 
Rate; 
(x)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Currency or Future, the Settlement Price;  
(xi)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level; or 
(xii)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Debt Security, the Settlement Price, 
 
in each case in respect of such day, provided that, if (i) VWAP Underlying Reference Value is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value 
will be the VWAP Value in respect of the Underlying Reference in respect of such day or (ii) TWAP 
Underlying Reference Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value will be the TWAP Value in respect of the Underlying Reference in 
respect of such day. 
"Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
day, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Provided That the Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value on the Strike Date is the rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the Initial Underlying Reference FX Hedged Value. 
Where:   
"FXt" means, in respect of a day, the rate of exchange between the currencies (including any rates 
of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined from the 
source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms on such day or if such 
day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day or, if such rate of exchange is not available from such sources at such time, the 
rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, provided that FXt on the Strike Date is the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as FX Initial; 
"FXt-1" means, in respect of a day, FXt on the Scheduled Custom Index Business Day immediately 
preceding such day;  
























1
1
1
1
Index
Index
1
Value
Hedged
FX
Reference
Underlying
Value
Hedged
FX
Reference
Underlying
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
t
FX
FX
FX
FX

--- Page 922 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 922 - 
"Indext" means, in respect of a day, the level of the relevant Custom Index published by the Index 
Sponsor in respect of such day or if such day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that if the level of the Custom Index is not calculated and announced by the Index 
Sponsor on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of such Custom Index in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, provided that Indext on the Strike Date is the level 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index Initial Value; 
"Indext-1" means, in respect of a day, Indext on the Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
immediately preceding such day; 
"TWAP End Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, 11:59:59 p.m. (CET); 
"TWAP Interval" means every minute, every 5 minutes, every 10 minutes or such other interval of 
time, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"TWAP Period" means the period from (and including) the TWAP Start Time to (but excluding) 
the TWAP End Time on a SPS Valuation Date, provided that, if that the Issuer and/or the Swap 
Counterparty and/or any of their respective Affiliates acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner is unable to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements required to calculate any Intraday Price or Intraday 
Level, as applicable, in respect of the relevant period, then the period for determining the TWAP 
Value shall be extended to the earlier of (i) such time at which the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
is able to acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of such hedging 
arrangements and (ii) the TWAP End Time on the following Scheduled Trading Day, provided 
further that, if the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty or any of their respective Affiliates acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner is unable to acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of such hedging arrangements as aforesaid, subject as 
provided in Condition 7(o) (in the case of Notes), Condition 7(e) (in the case of Warrants or 
Condition 8(o)(in the case of Certificates), the TWAP Value for such TWAP Period shall be a value 
calculated by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
as the time weighted average price of the relevant Underlying Reference for such period having 
regard to the then prevailing market conditions, the last calculated time weighted average price and 
such other factors as the Calculation Agent determines relevant; 
"TWAP Start Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, 00:00:01 a.m. (CET); 
"TWAP Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the arithmetic average of (i) in the 
case of Share Securities, the Intraday Prices or (ii) in the case of Index Securities, the Intraday Levels 
observed at each TWAP Interval during the TWAP Period, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
subject as provided in the definition of "TWAP Period"; 
"Underlying Reference FX Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day, the 
rate of exchange between the currencies (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the 
relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Underlying Reference on such day; 
"Underlying Reference FX Strike Level" means in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(i)
the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii)
if FX Closing Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying 
Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; or

--- Page 923 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 923 - 
(iii)
if FX Maximum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the greatest 
Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in 
the Strike Period; or 
(iv)
if FX Minimum Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest 
Underlying Reference FX Level for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in 
the Strike Period; or 
(v)
if FX Average Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic 
average of the Underlying Reference FX Levels for such Underlying Reference for all the 
Strike Days in the Strike Period;  
 
"Underlying Reference FX (TWAP) Level" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a 
day, the rate of exchange between the currencies (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which 
the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each 
case specified in the applicable Final Terms for such Underlying Reference on such day, provided 
that, if the TWAP Period in respect of such day is postponed in accordance with the proviso to the 
definition of "TWAP Period", the Underlying Reference FX (TWAP) Level in respect of such 
Underlying Reference shall be the rate of exchange between the currencies (including any rates of 
exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined from the 
source(s) as aforesaid, determined at the time selected by the Calculation Agent on the date on which 
the TWAP Value in respect of such day is calculated; 
"Underlying Reference Strike Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference: 
(i)
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii)
if Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike 
Date; or 
(iii)
if Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
greatest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference for all 
the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(iv)
if Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(v)
if Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Closing Price Values for such Underlying 
Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period; or 
(vi)
if Barrier Strike Price Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
an amount equal to the product of (x) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for 
such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price; 
or 
(vii)
if Barrier Strike Price Maximum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the greatest Underlying Reference Closing 
Price Value for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period and 
(y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price; or 
(viii)
if Barrier Strike Price Minimum Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the lowest Underlying Reference Closing Price

--- Page 924 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 924 - 
Value for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in the Strike Period and (y) the 
Barrier Percentage Strike Price; or 
(ix)
if Barrier Strike Price Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, an amount equal to the product of (x) the arithmetic average of the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Values for such Underlying Reference for all the Strike Days in 
the Strike Period and (y) the Barrier Percentage Strike Price; and 
"VWAP Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a day, the volume weighted 
average price of such Underlying Reference on such day published by the VWAP Source at the 
VWAP Specified Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, provided that, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
no such volume weighted average price can be determined in respect of such day, the VWAP Value 
for such day shall be a value determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as the volume weighted average price of such Underlying 
Reference for such day having regard to the then prevailing market conditions, the last published 
volume weighted average price and such other factors as the Calculation Agent determines relevant. 
Where: 
"VWAP Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"VWAP Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b)
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions
"Conditional Value" means: 
(a)
if the Conditional Value Condition is satisfied in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Date: 
Upper Conditional Value; or
(b)
if the Conditional Value Condition is not satisfied in respect of an Underlying 
Reference and a SPS Valuation Date: 
Lower Conditional Value; 
"Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS Valuation Date, (a) the 
Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such day minus (b) 100 
per cent.; 
"Restrike Performance" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS Valuation Date 
(a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of 
such day (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of the immediately preceding SPS Valuation Date (b) less 100 per cent.; 
"Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a SPS Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference on the date (the "SPS EndDay Valuation Date") falling nEnd days after such SPS 
Valuation Date; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value" means: 
(i)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, the Intraday Level; or

--- Page 925 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 925 - 
(ii)
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Share, an ETI, a Commodity or a Commodity 
Index, the Intraday Price; 
"Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Intraday Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference 
Strike Price, and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
multiplied by FX Value; 
"Underlying Reference Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Date (a) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in 
respect of such day divided by (b) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of the immediately preceding SPS Valuation Date;  
"Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a SPS Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying 
Reference on the date (the "SPS StartDay Valuation Date") falling nStart days prior to such SPS 
Valuation Date; 
"Underlying Reference TOM Restrike Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a SPS Valuation Date (a) the Underlying Reference EndDay Closing Value for such Underlying 
Reference in respect of such day divided by (b) Underlying Reference StartDay Closing Value for 
such Underlying Reference in respect of such day; 
"Underlying Reference TOM Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Date, the product of all Underlying Reference TOM Restrike Values for all SPS Valuation 
Dates prior to and including such SPS Valuation Date in respect of an Underlying Reference; and 
"Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS Valuation 
Date, (a) (i) the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect 
of such SPS Valuation Date (ii) divided by the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price and (b) 
if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value, 
or, if Underlying Reference Inverse Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Underlying Reference Value shall mean, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS Valuation 
Date, (a) (i) the relevant Underlying Reference Strike Price (ii) divided by the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date and (b) 
if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, multiplied by FX Value. 
(c)
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions
"Basket of Underlying References" means the Basket of Indices, Basket of Shares, ETI Basket, 
Basket of Debt Securities, Basket of Commodities, or other basis of reference to which the value of 
the relevant Securities may relate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for each 
Underlying Reference in the Basket of Underlying References as (a) the Underlying Reference Value 
for such Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant 
Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Best Conditional Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the highest Conditional Value 
for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such SPS Valuation Date;  
"Best Delta One Div Mono Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the highest Delta One Div 
Mono Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of such ACT Day;

--- Page 926 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 926 - 
"Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the highest Underlying Reference 
Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date;
"Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the highest Underlying Reference Value 
for any Underlying Reference in the Basket of Underlying References in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date;
"Combination Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date: 
ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 1 + ∑
ܸ݈ܽݑܹ݁݁݅݃ℎݐ݅݊݃௔∏
൫[ܨ݈ܴ݅݊ܽ݁݀݁݉݌ݐ݅݋ܸ݈݊ܽݑ݁]௔,௕൯
஻
௕ୀଵ
஺
௔ୀଵ
provided that, if "Absolute Value" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Combination Value will be the absolute value of the value calculated in accordance with the formula 
above. 
Where: 
"A" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"a" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"B" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"b" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Value Weighting" means the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Option Max Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date: 
Constant Percentage 1 + Max
ୟୀଵ୲୭୅[Final Redemption Value]ୟ
Where: 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"a" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Option Min Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date: 
ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 1 +
Min
௔ୀଵ௧௢஺[ܨ݈ܴ݅݊ܽ݁݀݁݉݌ݐ݅݋ܸ݈݊ܽݑ݁]௔
Where: 
"A" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"a" is the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the sum of the values calculated for 
each Underlying Reference in the Basket of Underlying References as (a) the Ranked Value for such 
Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the relevant 
Underlying Reference Weighting; 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the Underlying Reference Value in 
respect of the Underlying Reference with the Ranking in respect of such SPS Valuation Date set out 
in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 927 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 927 - 
"Ranking" means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each Underlying 
Reference by Underlying Reference Value from lowest Underlying Reference Value to greatest 
Underlying Reference Value in respect of such SPS Valuation Date; 
"Worst Conditional Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the lowest Conditional 
Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket of Underlying References in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date;  
"Worst Delta One Div Mono Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the lowest Delta One Div 
Mono Value for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect of each ACT Day; 
"Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying 
Reference Intraday Value for any Underlying Reference in respect of such SPS Valuation Date; and 
"Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the lowest Underlying Reference Value 
for any Underlying Reference in the Basket of Underlying References in respect of such SPS 
Valuation Date.
(d)
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:
(i)
if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value୲=
 Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value୲ିଵ × ቂConstant Percentage 1 +
 W୲ିଵቀ
୆ୟୱ୩ୣ୲୉ୖ౪
୆ୟୱ୩ୣ୲୉ୖ౪షభ−Constant Percentage 2ቁ+ (1 − W୲ିଵ) × ቀConstant Percentage 3 +
Leverage Rate୲ିଵ×
୅ୡ୲(୲ିଵ,୲)
ଷ଺଴
ቁቃ× ቂ1 −AF × 
୅ୡ୲(୲ିଵ,୲)
ଷ଺଴
ቃ; or
(ii) 
if Total Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value୲=
 Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value୲ିଵ × ቂConstant Percentage 1 +
 W୲ିଵቀ
୆ୟୱ୩ୣ୲౪
୆ୟୱ୩ୣ୲౪షభ−Constant Percentage 2ቁ+ (1 − W୲ିଵ) × ቀConstant Percentage 3 +
(Reference Rate୲ିଵ+  Leverage Rate୲ିଵ) ×
୅ୡ୲(୲ିଵ,୲)
ଷ଺଴
ቁቃ× ቂ1 −AF × 
୅ୡ୲(୲ିଵ,୲)
ଷ଺଴
ቃ,
provided that the Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value on the Strike Date is Underlying 
Reference Volatility Hedged Value0. 
(e)
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value Definitions 
"ACT Day" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Day and a Strategy 
Business Day.
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the 
ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such ACT Day.  
"AF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 928 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 928 - 
"Baskett-st*" means a hypothetical basket of Underlying References, which the Calculation Agent 
will use to determine the volatility of the Basket over the preceding x ACT Days where Volxt applies 
or the preceding y ACT Days where Volyt applies and is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula:
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧ି௦
௧∗= ෍
ܰܵ௞
௧
௡
௞ୀଵ
 x ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௞,௧ି௦
"BasketER0" means 1. 
"BasketERt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐܧܴ௧= ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐܧܴ௧ିଵݔ൤ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧ିଵ
−ܴ݂݁݁ݎܴ݁݊ܿ݁ܽݐ݁௧ିଵݔ
ܣܿݐ(௧ିଵ,௧)
360
൨
provided that BasketERt for the Initial ACT Day will be BasketER0. 
"BasketERt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the BasketERt for the ACT Day immediately 
preceding such day. 
"Baskett" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧= ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧ିଵݔ൥1 + ෍ܲ௞
௡
௞ୀଵ
ቆܮ݁ݒ݈݁௞,௧
ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௞,௧ିଵ
−1ቇ൩
provided that Baskett for the Initial ACT Day will be Basket Level0. 
"Baskett-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Baskett for the ACT Day immediately preceding such 
day. 
"Basket Level0" means 1. 
"FX Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the rate of exchange 
between the currencies (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of 
exchange is derived) and determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such Underlying Reference on such ACT Day, provided that if 
such rate of exchange is not available from such sources at such time, the rate of exchange 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner, 
provided that FX Levelk,t on the Strike Date is the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms as FX 
Initial. 
"Initial ACT Day" means the day falling y ACT Days immediately preceding the Strike Date or if 
that is not an ACT Day and (i) if Preceding ACT Day is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
immediately preceding ACT Day or (ii) if Succeeding ACT Day is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the immediately succeeding ACT Day. 
"Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, (a) the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there is no Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day or such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of 
Index Linked Securities, Custom Index Securities, Share Linked Securities, ETI Linked Securities, 
Debt Linked Securities or Currency Linked Securities) or a Commodity Disrupted Day (in the case 
of Commodity Linked Securities) (such day a "Disrupted Level Day"); and:

--- Page 929 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 929 - 
(i)
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT Day which is not 
a Disrupted Level Day; or 
(ii)
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding ACT Day which 
is not a Disrupted Level Day, 
and (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms for Underlying 
Reference k, multiplied by FX Levelk,t. 
"Levelk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value on the immediately preceding ACT Day.   
"Leverage Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Leverage Floating Rate Option in 
respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the Leverage Floating Rate Option 
Page at the Leverage Floating Rate Option Time (the "Original Leverage Floating Rate"), provided 
that if (i) the relevant rate does not appear on such page at such time, (ii) there has been a permanent 
or indefinite cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases to exist or ceases to be 
published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable for the Calculation Agent 
to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent may 
determine the relevant rate for such ACT Day acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner at such time as it may select. In determining the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent may 
have regard to any sources(s) it considers appropriate, including, but not limited to: 
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or 
region of the currency in which the relevant rate is denominated (each a "Relevant 
Nominating Body"), that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if 
two or more alternative rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine which of those rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic 
features of the relevant Securities; 
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Leverage Floating Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest on the same basis as the Original Leverage Floating Rate; or 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the Original 
Leverage Floating Rate. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets needed to make the replacement rate comparable to the 
Original Leverage Floating Rate0, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent subsequently determines in respect 
of an ACT Day that such rate is no longer comparable to the Original Leverage Floating Rate or no 
longer constitutes an industry accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above for each subsequent ACT Day. If 
the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a further replacement rate, then 
the rate will remain unchanged.

--- Page 930 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 930 - 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms or each successor page or source as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Leverage Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Leverage Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Leverage Floating Rate for such day as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if W Leverage Rate is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (x) Wt-1 is 
greater than 100 per cent., the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (y) Wt-
1 is equal to or less than 100 per cent, 0 per cent. 
"ln" means natural logarithm. 
"Max Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Min Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"n" means the number of Underlying References in the Basket. 
"NSkt" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܰܵ௞
௧= ܲ௞ݔ ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧
ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௞,௧
"Pk" means the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting. 
"Rate Calculation Date" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the ACT Day immediately preceding 
such day. 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Reference Floating Rate Option 
in respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the Reference Floating Rate Option 
Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Time (the "Original Reference Floating Rate"), 
provided that if (i) or if the relevant rate does not appear on such page at such time, (ii)  there has 
been a permanent or indefinite cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases to exist 
or ceases to be published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, the Calculation 
Agent may determine the relevant rate for such Relevant Business Day acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner at such time as it may select. In determining the relevant rate, the 
Calculation Agent may have regard to any sources(s) it considers appropriate, including, but not 
limited to:  
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or 
region of the currency in which the relevant rate is denominated (each a "Relevant 
Nominating Body"), that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if 
two or more alternative rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Calculation

--- Page 931 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 931 - 
Agent shall determine which of those rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic 
features of the relevant Securities.   
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest on the same basis as the Original Reference Floating Rate; or 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Floating Rate. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets needed to make the replacement rate comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rate0, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent subsequently determines in respect 
of a Relevant Business Day that such rate is no longer comparable to the Original Reference Floating 
Rate or no longer constitutes an industry accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement 
rate shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above for each subsequent 
Relevant Business Day. If the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
further replacement rate, then the rate will remain unchanged; 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or each successor page or source as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or the Reference Floating Rate for such day as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the Strategy Business Day Centre(s). 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Target Volatility" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Tolerance" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business 
Day, Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business 
Day, Settlement Price Date, SPS Valuation Date or other day specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value0" means 1. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the 
Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day.

--- Page 932 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 932 - 
"Volxt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܸ݋݈ݔ௧= √252 × ඩ
ݔ
ݔ−1 × ቎1
ݕΣ௤ୀଵ
௤ୀ௫ቆlnቆ
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧ି௫ା௤
௧∗
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧ି௫ା௤ିଵ
௧∗
ቇቇ
ଶ
−ቆ1
ݔΣ௜ୀଵ
௜ୀ௫ln ቆ
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧ି௫ା௤
௧∗
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧ି௫ା௤ିଵ
௧∗
ቇቇ
ଶ
቏
"Volyt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܸ݋݈ݕ௧= √252 × ඩ
ݕ
ݕ−1 × ቎1
ݕΣ௤ୀଵ
௤ୀ௬ቆln ቆ
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧ି௬ା௤
௧∗
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧ି௬ା௤ିଵ
௧∗
ቇቇ
ଶ
−ቆ1
ݕΣ௜ୀଵ
௜ୀ௬ln ቆ
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧ି௬ା௤
௧∗
ܤܽݏ݇݁ݐ௧ି௬ା௤ିଵ
௧∗
ቇቇ
ଶ
቏
"W0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Wt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܹ௧= ܯ݅݊(ܯܽݔ ܧݔ݌݋ݏݑݎ݁; ܹ௧
∗)
provided that, Wt on the Strike Date is W0. 
"WtTarget" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
"Wt-1Target" means, in respect of an ACT Day, WtTarget on the ACT Day immediately preceding such 
day. 
"Wt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Wt on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
If Lag 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i)
ܹ௧> (1 + ܶ݋݈݁ݎܽ݊ܿ݁)ݔ ܹ௧
்௔௥௚௘௧then "W*t+1" means WtTarget; 
(ii)
ܹ௧< (1 −ܶ݋݈݁ݎܽ݊ܿ݁)ݔ ܹ௧
்௔௥௚௘௧ then "W*t+1" means WtTarget; or 
(iii)
Otherwise, "W*t+1" means Wt. 
If Lag 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms then "W*1 = W1 = W0" means the percentage 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the weighting on the immediately following day ("Wt+1") is equal to Wt and: 
(i)
ܹ௧> (1 + ܶ݋݈݁ݎܽ݊ܿ݁)ݔ ܹ௧
்௔௥௚௘௧ then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; 
(ii)
ܹ௧< (1 −ܶ݋݈݁ݎܽ݊ܿ݁)ݔ ܹ௧
்௔௥௚௘௧ then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; or 
(iii)
Otherwise, "W*t+2" means Wt+1.

--- Page 933 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 933 - 
If Wt+1 ≠ Wt and: 
(i)
ܹ௧
்௔௥௚௘௧> (1 + ܶ݋݈݁ݎܽ݊ܿ݁) × ܹ௧ିଵ
்௔௥௚௘௧ then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; 
(ii)
ܹ௧
்௔௥௚௘௧< (1 −ܶ݋݈݁ݎܽ݊ܿ݁) × ܹ௧ିଵ
்௔௥௚௘௧ then "W*t+2" means WtTarget; or 
(iii)
Otherwise, "W*t+2" means Wt+1. 
"x" means the number of ACT Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"y" means the number of ACT Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Underlying Reference TIPP Value 
"Underlying Reference TIPP Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܷ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕܴ݂݅݊݃݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ܶܫܸ݈ܲܲܽݑ݁௧
= ܷ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕܴ݂݅݊݃݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ܶܫܸ݈ܲܲܽݑ݁௧ିଵݔ൬ܹ௧ିଵݔ
ܴܷ௧
ܴܷ௧ିଵ
ݔ൤1
−ܴ݅ݏ݇ݕܨ݁݁ݏݔܣܿݐ(௧ିଵ,௧)
360
൨+ (1 − ܹ௧ିଵ) ݔ
ܴܷܰ௧
ܴܷܰ௧ିଵ
൰ݔ൬1
−ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݅݋݊ܨ݁݁ݏݔܣܿݐ(௧ିଵ,௧)
360
൰
provided that (i) the Underlying Reference TIPP Value on the Strike Date is Underlying Reference 
TIPP Value0 and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Underlying Reference TIPP 
Valuet will be no greater than the Max Valuet and no less than the Min Valuet, each as defined in 
Payout Condition 1.6(i) below. 
(g) 
Automatic Early TIPP Value 
"Automatic Early TIPP Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Wt in respect of such day as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of Payout Condition 1.6(i) 
below. 
(h) 
HWM Value 
"HWM Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if higher HWMt in respect of such day as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of Payout Condition 1.6(i) below. 
(i) 
Underlying Reference TIPP Value, Automatic Early TIPP Value and HWM Value Definitions 
"A" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ACT Day" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Date and a Strategy 
Business Day. 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the 
ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such ACT Day. 
"ConstantMa" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"CP1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"CP2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 934 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 934 - 
"Distancet" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܦ݅ݏݐܽ݊ܿ݁௧= ܷ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕܴ݂݅݊݃݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ܶܫܸ݈ܲܲܽݑ݁௧−ܩ% × ܪܹܯ௧
ܷ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕܴ݂݅݊݃݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ܶܫܸ݈ܲܲܽݑ݁௧
"Floor" means, whenever followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, the resulting value of the 
calculation within such brackets is rounded down to the nearest whole number. 
"G%" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"H%" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"HWM0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"HWMt" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i)
if MaxNav is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max
௧௜∈ூ(ܪ% ;  ܷ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕܴ݂݅݊݃݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ܶܫܸ݈ܲܲܽݑ݁௧௜)
(ii)
if LockWin is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and: 
(A) 
such ACT Day is also a Lockin Date, the level determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
ܪܹܯ௧= ܪܹܯ௧௜∗+ ܮ݋ܿ݇݅݊ܨܽܿݐ݋ݎ×
Max(ܷ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕܴ݂݅݊݃݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ܶܫܸ݈ܲܲܽݑ݁௧−ܪܹܯ௧௜∗ ; 0); otherwise 
(B) 
such ACT Day is not a Lockin Date, then HWMt in respect of the Lockin Date 
immediately preceding such ACT Day, provided that HWMt on the Strike Date is 
HMW0; 
(iii)
if Step is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the level determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܪܹܯ௧= ܪܹܯ଴+  ܥܲ2  × Floor ቀ
୑ୟ୶(௎௡ௗ௘௥௟௬௜௡௚ோ௘௙௘௥௘௡௖௘்ூ௉௉௏௔௟௨௘೟ିுௐெ೟షభ,଴)
ௌ௧௘௣
ቁ; or 
(iv)
otherwise, the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified, 
Underlying Reference TIPP Value0. 
"HWMt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, HWMt in respect of the immediately preceding ACT 
Day. 
"HWMti*" means, in respect of a Lockin Date, HWMt in respect of the Lockin Date immediately 
preceding such Lockin Date, provided that HWMti* on the Strike Date is HWM0. 
"I" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial ACT Day" means the day falling 60 ACT Days immediately preceding the Strike Date.  
"Lockin Date" or "ti" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
that if such date is not an ACT Day and:

--- Page 935 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 935 - 
(i)
if Preceding ACT Day is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Lockin Date 
shall be the immediately preceding ACT Day; or  
(ii)
if Following ACT Day is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Lockin Date 
shall be the immediately succeeding ACT Day. 
"Lockin Factor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Ln" means natural logarithm. 
"Max Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Max Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Max௔ୀଵ
஺
(ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܯ௔ݔܸ݈ܽݑ݁௔)
"Min Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Min Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Min௔ୀଵ
஺
(ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܯ௔ݔܸ݈ܽݑ݁௔)
"Multipliert" means, in respect of an ACT Day:  
(i)
CP1; or 
(ii)
the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܯ݅݊ቀ100% ;
்௔௥௚௘௧௏௢௟௔௧௜௟௜௧௬೟
௏ோ௘௔௟௜௭௘ௗ೟
ቁݔܥܲ1; or 
(iii)
the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
቎∑
௉ೃೆ
ೖ
ேೖ௫ெ௜௡ቆଵ଴଴% ;
೅ೌೝ೒೐೟ೇ೚೗ೌ೟೔೗೔೟೤೟ೖ
ೇೃ೐ೌ೗೔೥೐೏೟
ೖ
ቇ
ேೃೆ
௞ୀଵ
቏
ିଵ
×  ܯ݅݊ቀ100% ;
்௔௥௚௘௧௏௢௟௔௧௜௟௜௧௬೟
௏ோ௘௔௟௜௭௘ௗ೟
ቁݔܥܲ1, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Nk" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the percentage or amount specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"NNRU" means the number of Underlying References in the NRU Basket. 
"NRU" means the number of Underlying References in the RU Basket. 
"NRU0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"NRU Basket" means a basket composed of each Fund or each Underlying Interest Rate specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"NRUt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(i)
if the Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, then:

--- Page 936 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 936 - 
ܴܷܰ௧= ܴܷܰ௧ିଵ × ቎1 + ෍ܲேோ௎
௞
ேಿೃೆ
௞ୀଵ
× ൫ܴܷܰ௧
௞−1൯቏
(ii)
otherwise: 
ܴܷܰ௧= ܴܷܰ௧ିଵ × ቎1 + ෍ܲேோ௎
௞
ேಿೃೆ
௞ୀଵ
× ቆܴܷܰ௧
௞
ܴܷܰ௧ିଵ
௞
−1ቇ቏
"NRUt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, NRUt for the ACT Day immediately preceding such 
day. 
"NRUtk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference: 
(i)
if the Underlying Reference is a Fund, the NAV per Fund Share in respect of such day, 
provided that, if there is no NAV per Fund Share in respect of such day, the NAV per Fund 
Share in respect of the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day;  
(ii)
if the Underlying Reference is an Underlying Interest Rate, the level determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܴܷܰ௧
௞= 1 + ܴ݂݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ ܴܽݐ݁௧ିଵ
௞ ݔ 
ܣܿݐ(௧ିଵ,௧)
360
"NRUt-1k" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, NRUtk for the ACT Day 
immediately preceding such day. 
"PNRUk" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference in the NRU Basket, the relevant Underlying 
Reference Weighting. 
"PRUk" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference in the RU Basket, the relevant Underlying 
Reference Weighting. 
"Protection Fees" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Rate Calculation Date" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the day specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Reference Floating Rate Option 
in respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the Reference Floating Rate Option 
Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Time (the "Original Reference Floating Rate"), 
provided that if (i) the relevant rate does not appear on such page at such time, (ii) there has been a 
permanent or indefinite cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases to exist or 
ceases to be published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, the Calculation 
Agent may determine the relevant rate for such ACT Day acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner at such time as it may select. In determining the relevant rate, the Calculation 
Agent may have regard to any sources(s) it considers appropriate, including, but not limited to: 
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or 
region of the currency in which the relevant rate is denominated (each a "Relevant 
Nominating Body"), that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if 
two or more alternative rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Calculation

--- Page 937 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 937 - 
Agent shall determine which of those rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic 
features of the relevant Securities; 
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest on the same basis as the Original Reference Floating Rate; or 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Floating Rate. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets needed to make the replacement rate comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rate, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent subsequently determines in respect 
of an ACT Day that such rate is no longer comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate or no 
longer constitutes an industry accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above for each subsequent ACT Day. If 
the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a further replacement rate, then 
the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the interest rate and designated maturity specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or such successor page or source as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Ratet-1k" means, in respect of an ACT Day, (i) the fixed rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or the Reference Floating Rate for such day plus (ii) a percentage, each as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Risky Fees" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"RU0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"RU Basket" means a basket composed of each Index, Custom Index, Share or ETI specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"RUt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܴܷ௧= ܴܷ௧ିଵ × ቎1 + ෍ܲோ௎
௞
ேೃೆ
௞ୀଵ
× ቆܴܷ௧
௞
ܴܷ௧ିଵ
௞
−1ቇ቏
Provided that, RUt for the Initial ACT Day will be RUo. 
"RUt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, RUt for the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"RUtk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there is no Underlying Reference

--- Page 938 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 938 - 
Closing Price Value in respect of such day or (in the case of Index Linked Securities, Custom Index 
Securities, Share Securities) such day is a Disrupted Day (such day a "Disrupted Level Day"); and: 
(i)
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, RUtk will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT Day which is not 
a Disrupted Level Day; or 
(ii)
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, RUtk will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding ACT Day which 
is not a Disrupted Level Day. 
"RUt-1k" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value on the immediately preceding ACT Day. 
"Step" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the Strategy Business Day Centre(s). 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Target Volatilityt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, (i) the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or (ii) if not so specified, VRealizedt. 
"Target Volatilitytk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, (i) the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) if not so specified, VRealizedtk. 
"ti*" means, in respect of a Lockin Date, the Lockin Date immediately preceding such day. 
"Tolerance" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference TIPP Value0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference TIPP Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Underlying 
Reference TIPP Value on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business 
Day, Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business 
Day, Settlement Price Date, SPS Valuation Date or other day specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
"Valuea" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 
1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Vol20t" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܸ݋݈20௧= √252 ݔඪ20
19 ݔ൦1
20 ෍൭ܮ݊ቆܴܷ௧ିଶ଴ା௤
ܴܷ௧ିଶ଴ା௤ିଵ
ቇ
ଶ
൱−ቌ1
20 ෍ܮ݊ቆܴܷݐ௧ିଶ଴ା௤
ܴܷ௧ିଶ଴ା௤ିଵ
ቇ
௤ୀଶ଴
௤ୀଵ
ቍ
ଶ
௤ୀଶ଴
௤ୀଵ
൪

--- Page 939 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 939 - 
"Vol20tk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the level determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܸ݋݈20௧
௞= √252 × ඪ20
19 × ൦1
20 ෍൭ܮ݊ቆ
ܴܷ௧ିଶ଴ା௤
௞
ܴܷ௧ିଶ଴ା௤ିଵ
௞
ቇ
ଶ
൱−ቌ1
20 ෍ܮ݊ቆ
ܴܷ௧ିଶ଴ା௤
௞
ܴܷ௧ିଶ଴ା௤ିଵ
௞
ቇ
௤ୀଶ଴
௤ୀଵ
ቍ
ଶ
௤ୀଶ଴
௤ୀଵ
൪
"Vol60t" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܸ݋݈60௧= √252 ݔඪ60
59 ݔ
⎣
⎢
⎢
⎡1
60 ෍൭ܮ݊ቆܴܷ௧ି଺଴ା௤
ܴܷ௧ି଺଴ା௤ିଵ
ቇ
ଶ
൱−൮1
60 ෍ܮ݊
௤ୀ଺଴
௤ୀଵ
ቆܴܷ௧ି଺଴ା௤
ܴܷ௧ି଺଴ା௤ିଵ
ቇ൲
ଶ
௤ୀ଺଴
௤ୀଵ
⎦
⎥
⎥
⎤
"Vol60tk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the level determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܸ݋݈60௧
௞= √252 × ඪ60
59 × 
⎣
⎢
⎢
⎡1
60 ෍൭ܮ݊ቆ
ܴܷ௧ି଺଴ା௤
௞
ܴܷ௧ି଺଴ା௤ିଵ
௞
ቇ
ଶ
൱−൮1
60 ෍ܮ݊
௤ୀ଺଴
௤ୀଵ
ቆ
ܴܷ௧ି଺଴ା௤
௞
ܴܷ௧ି଺଴ା௤ିଵ
௞
ቇ൲
ଶ
௤ୀ଺଴
௤ୀଵ
⎦
⎥
⎥
⎤
"VRealizedt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܸܴ݈݁ܽ݅ݖ݁݀௧=  ܯܽݔ(ܸ݋݈20௧; ܸ݋݈60௧)
"VRealizedtk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܸܴ݈݁ܽ݅ݖ݁݀௧
௞=  ܯܽݔ(ܸ݋݈20௧
௞; ܸ݋݈60௧
௞)
"WtTarget" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܹ௧
௧௔௥௚௘௧= Min[Max Exposure; Max(Min Exposure; ܦ݅ݏݐܽ݊ܿ݁௧× ܯݑ݈ݐ݅݌݈݅݁ݎ௧)]
provided that WtTarget on the Strike Date is W0Target. 
"Wt-1Target" means, in respect of an ACT Day, WtTarget on the ACT Day immediately preceding such 
day. 
"Wt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage determined by the Calculation Agent with of 
lag of two ACT Days by reference to Wt in respect of the immediately preceding ACT Days, as set 
out below, provided that, Wt on the Strike Date is W0 and where "W1", "W0" and "W0Target" each 
mean the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"W0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Wt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the percentage calculated as follows: 
(i)
if ܹ௧ିଷ= 0 per cent. and/or if ܦ݅ݏݐܽ݊ܿ݁௧≤ܻ% then "Wt-1" means 0 per cent.; or

--- Page 940 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 940 - 
(ii)
otherwise: 
(A) 
if ܹ௧ିଷ< (1 −Tolerance) × ܹ௧ିଷ
்௔௥௚௘௧ or ܹ௧ିଷ> (1 + Tolerance) × ܹ௧ିଷ
்௔௥௚௘௧
then "Wt-1" means Wt-3Target; 
(B) 
if (1 −ܶ݋݈݁ݎܽ݊ܿ݁) × ܹ௧ିଷ
்௔௥௚௘௧≤ܹ௧ିଷ≤(1 + ܶ݋݈݁ݎܽ݊ܿ݁) × ܹ௧ିଷ
்௔௥௚௘௧ and: 
I.
if ܹ௧ିଶ ≠ ܹ௧ିଷ and: 
(A)
if ܹ௧ିଷ
்௔௥௚௘௧< (1 −Tolerance) × ܹ௧ିସ
்௔௥௚௘௧ or              
ܹ௧ିଷ
்௔௥௚௘௧> (1 + Tolerance) × ܹ௧ିସ
்௔௥௚௘௧ then "Wt-1" means Wt-
3Target; otherwise 
(B)
if (1 −Tolerance)  ×  ܹ_(ݐ−4)^ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐ≤ܹ_(ݐ−
3)^ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐ≤(1 + Tolerance) ×  ܹ_(ݐ−4)^ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐ
then "Wt-1" means Wt-2; or 
II.
if ܹ௧ିଶ= ܹ௧ିଷ then "Wt-1" means Wt-3.
"Y%" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(j) 
Delta One Value 
"Delta One Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
Delta One Withholding Valuet
Delta One Withholding Value0
.
 
"Delta One Withholding Value0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
"Delta One Withholding Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Delta One Withholding Valuet-1 x ቀ
URt
URt-1 -
WHTt
NA ቁ
 
provided that the Delta One Withholding Value on the Strike Date is Delta One Withholding Value0. 
 
"Delta One Withholding Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Delta One Withholding 
Valuet for the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
(k) 
Delta One Value Definitions 
"ACT Day" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Date. 
"Level0k" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value on the Strike Date. 
"Leveltk" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there is no Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value in respect of such day or such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index 
Linked Securities, Custom Index Linked Securities or Share Linked Securities) (such day a 
"Disrupted Level Day") and:

--- Page 941 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 941 - 
(i)
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Leveltk will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT Day which is not 
a Disrupted Level Day; or 
(ii)
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Leveltk will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately ACT Day which is not a 
Disrupted Level Day, 
provided that Leveltk on the Strike Date and in respect of an Underlying Reference is Level0k. 
"Levelt-1k" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference, the Leveltk for the ACT 
Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business 
Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index Business Day, Settlement Price Date, SPS Valuation 
Date or other day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"UR0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"URt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
URt-1 x ൬1+ ∑
Wk
K
k=1
x ൤
Levelt
k
Levelt-1
k -1൨൰
provided that URt for the Strike Date will be UR0. 
"URt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the URt for the ACT Day immediately preceding such 
day. 
"WHTt" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified, 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the maximum rate of US withholding tax as 
of Observation Date t in respect of the cash dividends and/or other cash distributions payable in 
respect of any Share in the Basket of Shares that is a U.S. security or any Index Component of an 
Index in a Basket of Indices that is a U.S. security, as the case may be. 
"Wk" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting. 
(l)
DA Value
"DA Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
(ܥܽݏℎ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ଵ× ܦܣܫ݊ݐ݁ݎ݁ݏݐଵ) −(ܥܽݏℎ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ଶ× ܦܣܫ݊ݐ݁ݎ݁ݏݐଶ)
ܥܽݏℎ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ଷ−ܥܽݏℎ ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ସ
(m) 
DA Value Definitions 
"Cash Levelo" means in respect of a SPS Valuation Date: 
(i) 
the Constant Percentage 1; 
(ii) 
the DA Sum Rateo; or 
(iii) 
the DA Max Sum Rateo, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 942 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 942 - 
"DA Interest [1]/[2]" means in respect of a SPS Valuation Date: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Reference Floating rate specified in the applicable Final terms; or 
(ii) 
the Vanilla Call Rate or Vanilla Call Spread Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"DA Max Sum Rateo" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation Date, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Max ൬Constant Percentage 1 × ∑
1
൫1+DA Rateo,p൯
p
No
p=no
;Constant Percentage 2× 
∑
1
൫1+DA Rateo*,p൯
p
No*
p=no*
൰
"DA Rateo,p" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation Date: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Reference Floating Rateo specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"DA Rateo*,p" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation Date: 
(i) 
the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
the Reference Floating Rateo* specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"DA Sum Rateo" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation Date, the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
෍
1
൫1+ DA Rateo,p൯
p
No
p=no
"no" means, in respect of Cash Levelo, the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if not so specified, 1. 
"No" means, in respect of Cash Levelo, the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"no*" means, in respect of Cash Levelo, the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if not so specified, 1. 
"No*" means, in respect of Cash Levelo, the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate [1]/[2]" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the Reference 
Floating Rate Option in respect of such SPS Valuation Date appearing on the Reference Floating 
Rate Option Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Time (the "Original Reference Floating 
Rate"), provided that if (i) the relevant rate does not appear on such page at such time, (ii) there has 
been a permanent or indefinite cancellation or of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases to 
exist or ceases to be published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable for 
the Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, the 
Calculation Agent may determine the relevant rate for such SPS Valuation Date acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner at such time as it may select. In determining the relevant 
rate, the Calculation Agent may have regard to any sources(s) it considers appropriate, including, 
but not limited to:

--- Page 943 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 943 - 
(a) alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of 
the currency in which the relevant rate is denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), 
that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates 
are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Calculation Agent shall determine which of 
those rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Securities.  
(b) any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest on the same basis as the Original Reference Floating Rate; or 
(c) such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the Original Reference 
Floating Rate. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets needed to make the replacement rate comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rate0, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent subsequently determines in respect 
of an SPS Valuation Date that such rate is no longer comparable to the Original Reference Floating 
Rate or no longer constitutes an industry accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement 
rate shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above for each subsequent SPS 
Valuation Date. If the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a further 
replacement rate, then the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rateo" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation Date, the 
Reference Floating Rate Optiono in respect of such SPS Valuation Date appearing on the Reference 
Floating Rate Option Pageo at the Reference Floating Rate Option Time (the "Original Reference 
Floating Rateo"), provided that if (i) the relevant rate does not appear on such page at such time, (ii) 
there has been a permanent or indefinite cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases 
to exist or ceases to be published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable 
for the Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, the 
Calculation Agent may determine the relevant rate for such SPS Valuation Date acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner at such time as it may select. In determining the relevant 
rate, the Calculation Agent may have regard to any sources(s) it considers appropriate, including, 
but not limited to: 
(a) any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of 
the currency in which the relevant rate is denominated(each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), 
that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates 
are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Calculation Agent shall determine which of 
those rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Securities.  
(b) any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rateo in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest on the same basis as the Original Reference Floating Rateo; or 
(c) such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the Original Reference 
Floating Rateo. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in customary market usage in

--- Page 944 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 944 - 
the international debt capital markets needed to make the replacement rate comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rate0, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent subsequently determines in respect 
of an SPS Valuation Date that such rate is no longer comparable to the Original Reference Floating 
Rateo or no longer constitutes an industry accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement 
rate shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above for each subsequent SPS 
Valuation Date. If the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a further 
replacement rate, then the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rateo*" means, in respect of a Cash Levelo and a SPS Valuation Date, the 
Reference Floating Rate Optiono* in respect of such SPS Valuation Date appearing on the Reference 
Floating Rate Option Pageo* at the Reference Floating Rate Option Timeo* (the "Original Reference 
Floating Rateo*"), provided that if (i) the relevant rate does not appear on such page at such time, 
(ii) there has been a permanent or indefinite cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate 
ceases to exist or ceases to be published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant 
rate, the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant rate for such SPS Valuation Date acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner at such time as it may select. In determining the 
relevant rate, the Calculation Agent may have regard to any sources(s) it considers appropriate, 
including, but not limited to: 
(a) any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of 
the currency in which the relevant rate is denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), 
that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates 
are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Calculation Agent shall determine which of 
those rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Securities.  
(b) any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rateo* in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest on the same basis as the Original Reference Floating Rateo*; or 
(c)  such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the Original Reference 
Floating Rateo*. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets needed to make the replacement rate comparable to the Original 
Reference Floating Rate0, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent subsequently determines in respect 
of an SPS Valuation Date that such rate is no longer comparable to the Original Reference Floating 
Rateo* or no longer constitutes an industry accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement 
rate shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above for each subsequent SPS 
Valuation Date. If the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a further 
replacement rate, then the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option [1]/[2]" means, in respect of relevant Reference Floating Rate, 
the interest rate and designated maturity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Optiono" means, in respect of Reference Floating Rateo, the interest rate 
and designated maturity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 945 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 945 - 
"Reference Floating Rate Optiono*" means, in respect of Reference Floating Rateo*, the interest 
rate and designated maturity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page [1]/[2]" means, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Floating Rate, the page or price source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or such 
successor page or source as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Pageo" means, in respect of Reference Floating Rateo, the page 
or price source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or such successor page or source as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Pageo*" means, in respect of Reference Floating Rateo*, the page 
or price source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or such successor page or source as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time [1]/[2]" means, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Floating Rate, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Timeo" means, in respect of Reference Floating Rateo, the time 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Timeo*" means, in respect of Reference Floating Rateo*, the time 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(n)     Delta One Div Multi Underlying Value
"Delta One Div Multi Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if Absolute Fees is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܦ݈݁ݐܱܽ݊݁ܦ݅ݒܯݑ݈ݐܸ݈݅ܽݑ݁௧= ܦ݈݁ݐܱܽ݊݁ܦ݅ݒܯݑ݈ݐܸ݈݅ܽݑ݁௧ିଵ× ቂܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 1 +
ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 2 × ቀ
௉்ி೟
௉்ி೟షభ−ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 3ቁ−ܣܨ×
஺௖௧(௧ିଵ,௧)
ଷ଺଴
ቃ
(ii) 
if Absolute Fees is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܦ݈݁ݐܱܽ݊݁ܦ݅ݒܯݑ݈ݐܸ݈݅ܽݑ݁௧= ܦ݈݁ݐܱܽ݊݁ܦ݅ݒܯݑ݈ݐܸ݈݅ܽݑ݁௧ିଵ×
ቂܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 1 + ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 2 × ቀ
௉்ி೟
௉்ி೟షభ−
ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 3ቁቃ× ቂ1 −ܣܨ×
஺௖௧(௧ିଵ,௧)
ଷ଺଴
ቃ,  
provided in each case that, the Delta One Div Multi Value on the Strike Date is Delta One Div Multi 
Value0. 
(o) 
Delta One Div Multi Underlying Value Definitions
"ACT Day" or "t" means the Strike Date and each day thereafter that is an Underlying Reference 
Valuation Date and a Strategy Business Day. 
"Act(0,1)" means the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the Strike Date to (and including) 
the next occurring ACT Day after the Strike Date.

--- Page 946 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 946 - 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the 
ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such ACT Day.  
"AdF0" means (i) the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) 
the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܣ݀ܨ଴= ܣ݈݈݋ܿܽݐ݅݋݊ܨ݁݁ × ܦܥܨ
ܣܿݐ(଴,ଵ)
"AdFt" means, in respect of an ACT Day the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that, AdFt for the Strike Date will be AdF0. 
"AdFt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, AdFt in respect of the immediately preceding ACT Day. 
"AF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Allocation Fee" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" means, in respect of an ACT Day, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the taxes deducted or withheld at source by or on behalf of any 
governmental or other applicable authority or agency having the power to tax on any cash dividends 
that are ex-dividend payable on such ACT Day pursuant to any applicable domestic law prevailing 
at the time of the distribution in respect of the relevant Share or constituent share in the Index.  
"Delta One Div Multi Value0" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Delta One Div Multi Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Delta One Div Multi Valuet
for the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Delta One Div Multi Valueu" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the highest Delta One Div Multi 
Valuet for all the ACT Days in the period from (and including) the Strike Date to (and including) the 
second ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day. 
"Div Percentagek,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
1 – Applicable Withholding Tax. 
"Dividend FX Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the rate of exchange of the relevant 
GrossDiv Currency into the relevant Component Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
on such ACT Day by reference to the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, if such rate of exchange is not available from such source(s) 
at such time, the rate of exchange will be as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"FXk,0" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, Underlying Reference FX Strike Level.  
"FXk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the rate of exchange of the 
currency in which the relevant Underlying Reference Closing Price Value or Gross Divk,t, as 
applicable, is denominated into the Settlement Currency  as determined by the Calculation Agent on

--- Page 947 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 947 - 
such ACT Day by reference to the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that if such rate of exchange is not available from such source(s) at such time, 
the rate of exchange will be as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonably manner, provided further that FXk,t for the Strike Date will be FXk,0. If the 
currency in which such Underlying Reference Closing Price Value is denominated is the same as 
the Settlement Currency, FXk,t will be equal to one. 
"FXk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, FXk,t on the immediately 
preceding ACT Day.   
"Gross Divk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference is a Share, any ordinary cash dividends (before deduction of any 
taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority 
having the power to tax in respect of such dividends and without any tax credit refund or 
deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such 
dividends) that are ex-dividend and paid on such ACT Day;  
(ii) 
if the Underlying Reference is an Index, any ordinary cash dividends (before deduction of any 
taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority 
having the power to tax in respect of such dividends and without any tax credit refund or 
deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such 
dividends) that are ex-dividend and paid on such ACT Day on any constituent share in such 
Index, taking into account the weight of such constituent share on the immediately preceding 
ACT Day; or 
(iii) 
if the Underlying Reference is an ETI Interest, any ordinary cash dividends (before deduction 
of any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority 
having the power to tax in respect of such dividends and without any tax credit refund or 
deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such 
dividends) that are ex-dividend and paid on such ACT Day, 
provided that, (i) if any such dividends are paid in a currency (the "GrossDiv Currency") other than 
the currency in which the relevant Share or ETI Interest, as the case may be, is denominated (the 
"Component Currency"), such dividends shall be converted into the Component Currency at the 
relevant Dividend FX Rate in respect of such ACT Day and (ii) if the Securities are Custom Index 
Securities, Debt Linked Securities, Currency Linked Securities or Commodity Linked Securities or 
no ordinary cash dividends are paid ex-dividend on such ACT Day, Gross Divk,t will be zero. 
"Levelk,0" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, (i) the amount or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) the Underlying Reference Strike Price, in each case, in 
respect of such Underlying Reference and as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௞,௧= ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௞,௧ିଵ× ܵ௞,௧+ ܰܦܦ݅ݒ݅݀݁݊݀ݏ௞,௧
ܵ௞,௧ିଵ
× ܨܺ௞,௧
ܨܺ௞,௧ିଵ
provided that, in respect of each Underlying Reference, Levelk,t for the Strike Date will be Levelk,0. 
"Levelk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, Levelk,t for the ACT 
Day immediately preceding such day.

--- Page 948 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 948 - 
"Levelk,tR" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Levelk,t in respect of 
the Rebalancing Day immediately preceding such ACT Day. 
"NDDividendsk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if Dividend Reinvestment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܰܦܦ݅ݒ݅݀݁݊݀ݏ௞,௧= ܦ݅ݒܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁௞,௧× ܩݎ݋ݏݏܦ݅ݒ௞,௧;or 
(ii) 
if Dividend Reinvestment is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, zero. 
"NotionalFee0" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NotionalFeet" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
ܰ݋ݐ݅݋݈݊ܽܨ݁݁௧= ܰ݋ݐ݅݋݈݊ܽܨ݁݁௧ିଵ+ (ܵܨ+ ܣ݀ܨ௧ିଵ) × ܣܿݐ (ݐ−1, ݐ)
ܦܥܨ
 ,
provided that, NotionalFeet for the Strike Date will be NotionalFee0."NotionalFeet-1" 
means, in respect of an ACT Day, the NotionalFeet for the ACT Day immediately preceding such 
day. 
"PerfFee0" means 0. 
"PerfFee1" means 0. 
"PerfFeet" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
൜ܲ݁ݎ݂ܨ݁݁௧= ܲܨܮ × ܯܽݔ൬0,ܦ݈݁ݐܱܽ݊݁ܯݑ݈ݐܸ݈݅ܽݑ݁௧ିଵ−ܦ݈݁ݐܱܽ݊݁ܯݑ݈ݐܸ݈݅ܽݑ݁௨
ܦ݈݁ݐܱܽ݊݁ܯݑ݈ݐܸ݈݅ܽݑ݁௨
൰ൠ,
provided that, PerfFeet for the Strike Date will be PerfFee0 and PerfFeet for the ACT Day 
immediately succeeding the Strike Date will be PerfFee1. 
"PFL" means the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"PTF0" means (i) the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) 
the Underlying Reference Strike Price, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"PTFt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܲܶܨ௧= ܲܶܨ௧ோ× ൥1 + ෍ܹ௞× ቆܮ݁ݒ݈݁௞,௧
ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௞,௧ோ
−1ቇ
௄
௞ୀଵ
൩
, 
provided that, PTFt for the Strike Date will be PTF0. 
"PTFt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, PTFt for the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"PTFtR" means, in respect of an ACT Day, PTFt in respect of the Rebalancing Day immediately 
preceding such ACT Day.

--- Page 949 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 949 - 
"Rebalancing Day" means each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms from (and 
including) the Strike Date.   
"Sk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there is no Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value in respect of such day or such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index 
Linked Securities, Custom Index Securities, Share Linked Securities, ETI Linked Securities, Debt 
Linked Securities or Currency Linked Securities) or a Commodity Disrupted Day (in the case of 
Commodity Securities) (such day a "Disrupted Level Day") and: 
(i) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Sk,t will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT Day which is not 
a Disrupted Level Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Sk,t will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding ACT Day which 
is not a Disrupted Level Day. 
"Sk,t-1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value on the immediately preceding ACT Day.   
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the Strategy Business Day Centre(s). 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business 
Day, Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business 
Day, Settlement Price Date, SPS Valuation Date or other day specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Wk" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the relevant Underlying Reference Weighting. 
(p) Delta One Div Mono Underlying Value 
"Delta One Div Mono Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day and an Underlying Reference: 
(i) if Absolute Fees is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܦ݈݁ݐܱܽ݊݁ܦ݅ݒܯ݋݊݋ܸ݈ܽݑ݁௧= ܦ݈݁ݐܱܽ݊݁ܦ݅ݒܯ݋݊݋ܸ݈ܽݑ݁௧ିଵ×
ቂܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 1 + ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 2 × ቀ
௅௘௩௘௟೟
௅௘௩௘௟೟షభ−
ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 3ቁ−ܣܨ×
஺௖௧(௧ିଵ,௧)
ଷ଺଴
ቃ; 
(ii) if Absolute Fees is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܦ݈݁ݐܱܽ݊݁ܦ݅ݒܯ݋݊݋ܸ݈ܽݑ݁௧= ܦ݈݁ݐܱܽ݊݁ܦ݅ݒܯ݋݊݋ܸ݈ܽݑ݁௧ିଵ×
ቂܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 1 + ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 2 × ቀ
௅௘௩௘௟೟
௅௘௩௘௟೟షభ−
ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 3ቁቃ× ቂ1 −ܣܨ×
஺௖௧(௧ିଵ,௧)
ଷ଺଴
ቃ,

--- Page 950 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 950 - 
provided in each case that, the Delta One Div Mono Value on the Strike Date is Delta One 
Div Mono Value0. 
(q) Delta One Div Mono Underlying Value Definitions 
"ACT Day" or "t" means the Strike Date and each day thereafter that is an Underlying Reference 
Valuation Date and a Strategy Business Day. 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the 
ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such ACT Day.  
"AF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Applicable Withholding Tax" means, in respect of an ACT Day, a percentage calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the taxes deducted or withheld at source by or on behalf of any 
governmental or other applicable authority or agency having the power to tax on any cash dividends 
that are ex-dividend payable on such ACT Day pursuant to any applicable domestic law prevailing 
at the time of the distribution in respect of the relevant Share or constituent share in the Index.  
"Delta One Div Mono Value0" means (i) the amount or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (ii) the Underlying Reference Strike Price, in each case, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delta One Div Mono Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Delta One Div Mono Value 
for the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Div Percentaget" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Applicable Withholding Tax is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to: 
1 – Applicable Withholding Tax. 
"FX0" means Underlying Reference FX Strike Level.  
"FXt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the rate of exchange of the currency in which the relevant 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value or Gross Divt, as applicable, is denominated into the 
Settlement Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent on such ACT Day by reference to the 
source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if such 
rate of exchange is not available from such source(s) at such time, the rate of exchange will be as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner, 
and provided further that, FXt for the Strike Date will be FX0. If the currency in which the Underlying 
Reference is denominated is the same as the Settlement Currency, FXt will be equal to one. 
"FXt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, FXt on the immediately preceding ACT Day.   
"Gross Divt" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if the Underlying Reference is a Share, any ordinary cash dividends (before deduction of 
any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority 
having the power to tax in respect of such dividends and without any tax credit refund or 
deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such 
dividends) that are ex-dividend and paid on such ACT Day;

--- Page 951 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 951 - 
(ii) 
if the Underlying Reference is an Index, any ordinary cash dividends (before deduction of 
any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority 
having the power to tax in respect of such dividends and without any tax credit refund or 
deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such 
dividends) that are ex-dividend and paid on such ACT Day on any constituent share in such 
Index, taking into account the weight of such constituent share on the immediately 
preceding ACT Day; or 
(iii) 
if the Underlying Reference is an ETI Interest, any ordinary cash dividends (before 
deduction of any taxes or application of withholding at source by or on behalf of any 
applicable authority having the power to tax in respect of such dividends and without any 
tax credit refund or deduction granted by any applicable authority having the power to tax 
in respect of such dividends) that are ex-dividend and paid on such ACT Day, 
provided that, if the Securities are Custom Index Securities, Debt Securities, Currency Securities, 
Futures Securities or Commodity Securities or no ordinary cash dividends are paid ex-dividend on 
such ACT Day, Gross Divt will be zero. 
"Level0" means (i) the amount or percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) 
the Underlying Reference Strike Price, in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Levelt" means, in respect of an ACT Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௧= ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௧ିଵ×
ௌ೟ାே஽஽௜௩௜ௗ௘௡ௗ௦೟
ௌ೟షభ
×
ி௑೟
ி௑೟షభ, 
provided that, Levelt for the Strike Date will be Level0. 
"Levelt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Levelt for the ACT Day immediately preceding such 
day. 
"NDDividendst" means, in respect of an ACT Day: 
(i) 
if Dividend Reinvestment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܰܦܦ݅ݒ݅݀݁݊݀ݏ௧= ܦ݅ݒܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁௧× ܩݎ݋ݏݏܦ݅ݒ௧; or 
(ii) 
if Dividend Reinvestment is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, zero. 
"St" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of 
such day, provided that, if there is no Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such 
day or such day is a Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Securities, Custom Index Securities, Share 
Securities, ETI Securities, Debt Securities, Currency Securities or Futures Securities) or a 
Commodity Disrupted Day (in the case of Commodity Securities) (such day a "Disrupted Level 
Day") and: 
(i) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, St will be the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT Day which is not a Disrupted 
Level Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, St will be the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding ACT Day which is not a 
Disrupted Level Day.

--- Page 952 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 952 - 
"St-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value on the 
immediately preceding ACT Day.   
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the Strategy Business Day Centre(s). 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business 
Day, Hybrid Business Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business 
Day, Settlement Price Date, SPS Valuation Date or other day specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(r) Serenity Value 
"Serenity Valuet" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the following formula: 
ܵ݁ݎ݁݊݅ݐݕܸ݈ܽݑ݁௧= ܯܽݔ[ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݅݋݊ܮ݁ݒ݈݁× ܪܹܯ௧ ; ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݁݀ܫ݊݀݁ݔܮ݁ݒ݈݁௧]
ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݁݀ܫ݊݀݁ݔܮ݁ݒ݈݁଴
(s) Serenity Value Definitions 
"ACT Day s" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ACT Day t" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Day and a Strategy 
Business Day. 
"Act(t1,t2)" means the number of calendar days between two ACT Days.  
"Act(t,s)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the number of calendar days (if any) from (but excluding) 
such ACT Day t to (and including) the ACT Day s falling on or immediately after such ACT Day t. 
"AF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Cash Lock Event" will occur in respect of an Option Reset Date if no ACT Day s would be an OMt in 
respect of such date. 
"exp" means the exponential function. 
"γ" means the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ߛ= −2ݍ
ߪଶ
"h1(k,m,s,τ)" means the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
ℎଵ(݇, ݉, ݏ, ߬) =
1
ߪ√߬൬ln൬
ݏ
min(k,1) × ݉൰−ݍ߬൰+ 1
2 ߪ√߬
"h2(k,m,s,τ)" means the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 953 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 953 - 
ℎଶ(݇, ݉, ݏ, ߬) =
1
ߪ√߬൬ln൬
݉
min(k, 1) × s൰−ݍ߬൰−1
2 ߪ√߬
"HWMt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܪܹܯ௧= max ൤ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݁݀ܫ݊݀݁ݔܮ݁ݒ݈݁଴
1 −ܷ݌݂ݎ݋݊ݐܮ݁ݒ݈݁
; max
଴ஸ௦ஸ௧(ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݁݀ܫ݊݀݁ݔܮ݁ݒ݈݁௦)൨
"HWMt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, HWMt in respect of the immediately preceding ACT 
Day t. 
"HWMtR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, HWMt in respect of the Latest Option Reset Date 
in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"Initial Protection Period" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Target Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Kt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
ܭ௧=
ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݅݋݊ܮ݁ݒ݈݁
ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐܧݔ݌݋ݏݑݎ݁௧ோ(௧)
×
ܪܹܯ௧ோ(௧)
ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݁݀ܫ݊݀݁ݔܮ݁ݒ݈݁௧ோ(௧)
"Latest Option Reset Date" or "tR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, (i) if Option Reset is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Option Reset Date immediately preceding 
such ACT Day t, or, if none, the Strike Date, or (ii) if Option Reset is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Strike Date.  
"Ln" means the natural logarithm. 
"Lookback Put Pricet" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(a)
if an OMtR(t) has not occurred, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
ܮ݋݋ܾ݇ܽܿ݇ܲݑݐܲݎ݅ܿ݁௧= ܮ்ܲுாை
where, for the purposes of the calculation of LPTHEO: 
(A)
the parameter represented by "k" is Kt in respect of such ACT Day t; 
(B)
the parameter represented by "m" is Mt in respect of such ACT Day t; 
(C)
the parameter represented by "s" is St in respect of such ACT Day t; and 
(D)
the parameter represented by "τ" is 
஺௖௧(೟,ೀಾ೟ೃ(೟))
ଷ଺ହ
 in respect of such ACT Day t; 
otherwise 
(b)
if an OMtR(t) has occurred, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
ܮ݋݋ܾ݇ܽܿ݇ܲݑݐܲݎ݅ܿ݁௧= max[0% ; ܭ௧× ܯ௧−ܵ௧]
"LPTHEO" means, in respect of an ACT Day t:

--- Page 954 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 954 - 
(a) 
if k is less than or equal to 1, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
ܮ்ܲுாை= exp(ݍ× ߬) × ݇× ݉× ܵܥܦ൫−ℎଵ(݇, ݉, ݏ, ߬) + ߪ√߬൯−ݏ× ܵܥܦ൫−ℎଵ(݇, ݉, ݏ, ߬)൯
+ ݇× ݏ
ߛ
ቈ݇ఊ× ܵܥܦቆ−ℎଶ(݇, ݉, ݏ, ߬) −2ݍ√߬
ߪ
ቇ
−exp(ݍ× ߬) × ቀ݉
ݏቁ
ఊ
× ܵܥܦ൫−ℎଶ(݇, ݉, ݏ, ߬)൯቉;
(b) 
otherwise, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
ܮ்ܲுாை= exp(ݍ× ߬) × ݇× ݉× ܵܥܦ൫−ℎଵ(݇, ݉, ݏ, ߬) + ߪ√߬൯
−exp(ݍ× ߬) × ݇× ݏ
ߛ
× ቀ݉
ݏቁ
ఊ
× ܵܥܦ(−ℎଶ(݇, ݉, ݏ, ߬))
+ ݇× ݏ× ܵܥܦ(−ℎଵ(݇, ݉, ݏ, ߬)) × ൬1 + 1
ߛ൰−ݏ
"Mt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(a)
if the ACT Day t immediately preceding such ACT Day t was an Option Reset Date, the 
level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܯ௧= ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐܧݔ݌݋ݏݑݎ݁௧ோ(௧)
× max[1 + ൫ܴ݂݁݁ݎܴ݁݊ܿ݁ܽݐ݁௧ோ(௧) −ܴܨ൯×
ܣܿݐ(௧ோ(௧),௧)
ܦܥܨ
;
ܰ݁ݐ_ܷ௧
ܰ݁ݐ_ܷ௧ோ(௧)
]
(b)
otherwise, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
ܯ௧= max[ܯ௧ିଵ× ൬1 + (ܴ݂݁݁ݎܴ݁݊ܿ݁ܽݐ݁௧ିଵ−ܴܨ) ×
ܣܿݐ(௧ିଵ,௧)
ܦܥܨ
൰; ܵ௧]
provided that, Mt for the Strike Date will be Initial Target Exposure. 
"Mt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, Mt in respect of the immediately preceding ACT Day t. 
"Net_U0" means the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Net_Ut" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:  
ܰ݁ݐ_ܷ௧= ܰ݁ݐ_ܷ௧ିଵ×
௎೟
௎೟షభ× (1 −ܴܥ×
஺௖௧(೟షభ,೟)
ଷ଺ହ
)
provided that, Net_Ut for the Strike Date will be Net_U0. 
"Net_Ut-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, Net_Ut in respect of the immediately preceding ACT 
Day t. 
"Net_UtR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, Net_Ut in respect of the Latest Option Reset Date 
in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"OMt" means, in respect of an Option Reset Date, the latest occurring ACT Day s on which:

--- Page 955 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 955 - 
(a)
஺௖௧(೟,ೞ)
ଷ଺ହ
≤ ܫ݊݅ݐ݈݅ܽܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݅݋݊ܲ݁ݎ݅݋݀
(b)
஺௖௧(೟,ೞ)
ଷ଺ହ
≥ ܱ݌ݐ݅݋݊ܯ݅݊݅݉ݑ݉ܯܽݐݑݎ݅ݐݕ
(c)
ܮ்ܲுாை≤1 −ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐܧݔ݌݋ݏݑݎ݁௧
where, for the purposes of the calculation of LPTHEO: 
(A)
the parameter represented by "k" is the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of such ACT Day t in accordance with the following formula: 
ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݅݋݊ܮ݁ݒ݈݁
ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐܧݔ݌݋ݏݑݎ݁௧
×
ܪܹܯ௧
ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݁݀ܫ݊݀݁ݔܮ݁ݒ݈݁௧
(B)
the parameter represented by "m" is the Target Exposuret in respect of such ACT 
Day t; 
(C)
the parameter represented by "s" is the Target Exposuret in respect of such ACT 
Day t; and 
(D)
the parameter represented by "τ" is 
஺௖௧(೟,ೞ)
ଷ଺ହ in respect of such ACT Day t, 
provided that, such day shall be an OMt notwithstanding the occurrence of a subsequent Option 
Reset Date on which another OMt is identified and further provided that, if such OMt is not an ACT 
Day t, for the purpose of determining the Lookback Put Price, such OMt will be deemed to fall on 
the immediately preceding ACT Day t. 
"OMtR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the OMt in respect of the Latest Option Reset Date in 
respect of such ACT Day t. 
"Option Minimum Maturity" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Option Reset Date" means (a) if Option Reset is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, (i) any ACT Day t in respect of which either (A) the Protected Index Levelt is greater than 
HWMt-1 or (B) such ACT Day t falls on or after OMtR(t), or (b) if Option Reset is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Strike Date. 
"Protected Index Level0" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Protected Index Levels" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Protected Index Levelt in respect 
of the ACT Day s immediately preceding such ACT Day t, or if none, Protected Index Level0. 
"Protected Index Levelt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(a)
if a Cash Lock Event has not occurred on or before such ACT Day t, the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݁݀ܫ݊݀݁ݔܮ݁ݒ݈݁௧
= ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݁݀ܫ݊݀݁ݔܮ݁ݒ݈݁௧ோ(௧)
× ቈܶܽݎ݃݁ݐܧݔ݌݋ݏݑݎ݁௧ோ(௧) × 
ܰ݁ݐ_ܷ௧
ܰ݁ݐ_ܷ௧ோ(௧)
+ ܮ݋݋ܾ݇ܽܿ݇ܲݑݐܲݎ݅ܿ݁௧
+ ܴ݁ݏ݅݀ݑ݈ܽܥܽݏℎ ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ௧቉;

--- Page 956 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 956 - 
(b)
if a Cash Lock Event has occurred before such ACT Day t, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݁݀ܫ݊݀݁ݔܮ݁ݒ݈݁௧
= ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݁݀ܫ݊݀݁ݔܮ݁ݒ݈݁௧ିଵ
× ൤1 + (ܴ݂݁݁ݎܴ݁݊ܿ݁ܽݐ݁௧ିଵ−ܣܨ) ×
ܣܿݐ(௧ିଵ,௧)
ܦܥܨ
൨,
provided that, Protected Index Levelt for the Strike Date will be Protected Index Level0.  
"Protected Index Levelt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Protected Index Levelt on the 
immediately preceding ACT Day t. 
"Protected Index LeveltR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Protected Index Levelt in 
respect of the Latest Option Reset Date in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"Protection Level" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"q" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Rate Calculation Date" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the first, second or third ACT Day 
preceding such day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"RC" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Reference Floating Rate Option 
in respect of the Rate Calculation Date for such day appearing on the Reference Floating Rate Option 
Page at the Reference Floating Rate Option Time (the "Original Reference Floating Rate"), 
provided that if (i) the relevant rate does not appear on such page at such time, (ii) there has been a 
permanent or indefinite cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) the relevant rate ceases to exist or 
ceases to be published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or impracticable for the 
Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, the Reference 
Floating Rate Option for such ACT Day t shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time 
and from such source(s) as it may select acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. In determining the relevant rate, the Calculation Agent may have regard to any sources(s) 
it considers appropriate, including, but not limited to: 
(a)
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any 
similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or 
region of the currency in which the relevant rate is denominated (each a "Relevant 
Nominating Body"), that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if 
two or more alternative rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine which of those rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Securities; 
(b)
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest on the same basis as the Original Reference Floating Rate; or 
(c)
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Floating Rate. 
The Calculation Agent will apply such adjustments that are formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body or, if none, may determine any adjustments that are in customary market usage in 
the international debt capital markets needed to make the replacement rate comparable to the 
Original Reference Floating Rate, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.

--- Page 957 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 957 - 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent subsequently determines in respect 
of an ACT Day t that such rate is no longer comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate or 
no longer constitutes an industry accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall 
be determined in accordance with paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) above for each subsequent ACT Day t. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a further replacement rate, then 
the rate will remain unchanged. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Reference Ratet" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, (i) the fixed rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or (ii) the Reference Floating Rate for such day plus a percentage, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Ratet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Reference Ratet in respect of the 
immediately preceding ACT Day t. 
"Reference RatetR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Reference Ratet in respect of the Latest 
Option Reset Date in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"Reset Target Exposure" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Residual Cash Amount0" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Residual Cash Amountt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(a)
if such ACT Day t is an Option Reset Date, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܴ݁ݏ݅݀ݑ݈ܽܥܽݏℎ ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ௧= [1 −ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐܧݔ݌݋ݏݑݎ݁௧−ܮ݋݋ܾ݇ܽܿ݇ܲݑݐܲݎ݅ܿ݁௧];
(b)
otherwise, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
ܴ݁ݏ݅݀ݑ݈ܽܥܽݏℎ ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ௧
= ܴ݁ݏ݅݀ݑ݈ܽܥܽݏℎ ܣ݉݋ݑ݊ݐ௧ିଵ × ൤1 + (ܴ݂݁݁ݎܴ݁݊ܿ݁ܽݐ݁௧ିଵ−ܣܨ) ×
ܣܿݐ(௧ିଵ,௧)
ܦܥܨ
൨
provided that, the Residual Cash Amountt for the Strike Date will be Residual Cash 
Amount0.  
"Residual Cash Amountt-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Residual Cash Amount on the 
immediately preceding ACT Day t. 
"RF" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"RKt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 958 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 958 - 
ܴܭ௧= ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݅݋݊ܮ݁ݒ݈݁
ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐܧݔ݌݋ݏݑݎ݁௧
×
ܪܹܯ௧
ܲݎ݋ݐ݁ܿݐ݁݀ܫ݊݀݁ݔܮ݁ݒ݈݁௧
 .
"RLBPt" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܴܮܤܲ௧= ܮ்ܲுாை
where, for the purposes of the calculation of LPTHEO: 
(A)
the parameter represented by "k" is RKt in respect of such ACT Day t; 
(B)
the parameter represented by "m" is Target Exposuret in respect of such ACT Day t; 
(C)
the parameter represented by "s" is Target Exposuret in respect of such ACT Day t; and 
(D)
the parameter represented by "τ" is 
஺௖௧(೟,ೀಾ೟)
ଷ଺ହ
 in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"SCD" means the standard gaussian cumulative distribution function.  
"σ" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"St" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
ܵ௧= ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐܧݔ݌݋ݏݑݎ݁௧ோ(௧) ×
ே௘௧_௎೟
ே௘௧_௎೟ೃ(೟)
"Strategy Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are opened for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the Strategy Business Day Centre(s). 
"Strategy Business Day Centre(s)" means the place(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Target Exposuret" means, in respect of an ACT Day t:  
(a)
if such ACT Day t is the Strike Date, the Initial Target Exposure;  
(b)
otherwise, the Reset Target Exposure. 
"Target ExposuretR(t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, the Target Exposuret in respect of the 
Latest Option Reset Date in respect of such ACT Day t. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Day" means a calendar day, Business Day, Exchange Business 
Day, Scheduled Trading Day, Custom Index Business Day, Fund Business Day, Settlement Price 
Date, SPS Valuation Date or other day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Upfront Level" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Ut" means, in respect of an ACT Day t: 
(a)
the Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there 
is no Underlying Reference Closing Price Value in respect of such day or such day is a 
Disrupted Day (in the case of Index Linked Securities, Custom Index Linked Securities or 
Share Linked Securities) (a "Disrupted Level Day") and:

--- Page 959 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 959 - 
(A)
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Ut will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding ACT Day t 
which is not a Disrupted Level Day; or 
(B)
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Ut will be the 
Underlying Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding ACT 
Day t which is not a Disrupted Level Day;   
(b)
the Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value; or 
(c)
the Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Value, 
in each case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Ut-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day t, Ut for the immediately preceding ACT Day t. 
(t) Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Value 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Value" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܷ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕܴ݂݅݊݃݁݁ݎܸ݁݊ܿ݁݋݈ܽݐ݈݅݅ݐݕܣݏݏ݁ݐܸ݈ܽݑ݁௧=
ܷ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕܴ݂݅݊݃݁݁ݎ݁݊ܿ݁ܣݏݏ݁ݐܸ݋݈ܽݐ݈݅݅ݐݕ௧ିଵ+ ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 1 + ∑
݊௞,௧ିଵ
௨௦௘ௗ
ଶ
௞ୀଵ
 ×
൫ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௞,௧− ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௞,௧ିଵ+ ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 2൯+ ݊௧ିଵ
௖௔௦௛ × (ܿܽݏℎ௧−ܿܽݏℎ௧ିଵ+
ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁ 3), 
provided that, the Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Valuet on the Strike Date is Underlying 
Reference Volatility Asset Value0. 
(u) Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Value Definitions 
"Act(t-1,t)" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of calendar days from (but excluding) the 
ACT Day immediately preceding such ACT Day to (and including) such ACT Day.  
"ACT Day" or "t" means each day that is an Underlying Reference Valuation Date. 
"Cap1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Cap2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Cash0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Casht" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܥܽݏℎ௧= ܥܽݏℎ௧ିଵ× ൬1 + ܴ݂݁݁ݎܴ݁݊ܿ݁ܽݐ݁௧ିଵ× ܣܿݐ(ݐ−1, ݐ
360
൰
Provided that, Casht on the Strike Date is Cash0. 
"Casht-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, Casht on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Covar(1,2),n,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 960 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 960 - 
ܥ݋ݒܽݎ(ଵ,ଶ),௡,௧= 252 × ൭
ଵ
௡ × ∑
݈݊൬
௅௘௩௘௟భ,೟ష೔శభ
௅௘௩௘௟భ,೟షభ൰
௡
௜ୀଵ
× ݈݊൬
௅௘௩௘௟మ,೟ష೔శభ
௅௘௩௘௟మ,೟షభ൰−൬
ଵ
௡×
∑
݈݊൬
௅௘௩௘௟భ,೟ష೔శభ
௅௘௩௘௟భ,೟షభ൰
௡
௜ୀଵ
൰ × ቆ
ଵ
௡ × ∑
݈݊
௡
௜ୀଵ
൬
௅௘௩௘௟మ,೟ష೔శభ
௅௘௩௘௟మ,೟షభ൰ቇ൱
"FX Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the rate of exchange between 
the currencies (including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) 
and determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such Underlying Reference on such ACT Day, provided that, if such rate of exchange is not 
available from such sources at such time, the rate of exchange determined by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner, provided that FX Levelk,t on the Strike Date is the rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as FX Initial. 
"i" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the number of ACT Days prior to such ACT Day equal to n. 
"lagk" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number of ACT Days specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Levelk,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, (a) the Underlying Reference 
Closing Price Value in respect of such day, provided that, if there is no Underlying Reference Closing Price 
Value in respect of such day or such day is a Disrupted Day and: 
(i) 
if "Following ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will be the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value for the next succeeding Day which is not a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Preceding ACT Day" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Levelk,t will be the Underlying 
Reference Closing Price Value for the immediately preceding ACT Day which is not a Disrupted 
Day, 
And (b) if FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms for the Underlying 
Reference, multiplied by FX Levelk,t. 
"Levelk,t-i" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, Levelk,t in respect of the ACT Day 
falling i ACT Days prior to such day.  
"Levelk,t-i+1" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, Levelk,t in respect of the ACT 
Day immediately succeeding the ACT Day falling i ACT Days prior to such day.  
"ln" means natural logarithm.  
"n" means a number of ACT Days equal to x or y, as applicable.  
"࢔࢚
ࢉࢇ࢙ࢎ" means, in respect of an ACT Day:  
݊௧
௖௔௦௛ = 
ଵ
஼௔௦௛೟ × ൫ܷ݊݀݁ݎ݈ݕܴ݂݅݊݃݁݁ݎܸ݁݊ܿ݁݋݈ܽݐ݈݅݅ݐݕܣݏݏ݁ݐܸ݈ܽݑ݁௧− ∑
݊௞,௧
௨௦௘ௗ
ଶ
௞ୀଵ
× ܮ݁ݒ݈݁௞,௧൯
"࢔࢚ି૚
ࢉࢇ࢙ࢎ" means, in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, ݊௧
௖௔௦௛ on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately 
preceding such day. 
"࢔࢑,࢚
࢚ࢇ࢘ࢍࢋ࢚" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 961 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 961 - 
݊௞,௧
௧௔௥௚௘௧= ܹ௞,௧
௧௔௥௚௘௧ × 
௎௡ௗ௘௥௟௬௜௡௚ோ௘௙௘௥௘௡௖௘௏௢௟௔௧௜௟௜௧௬஺௦௦௘௧௏௔௟௨௘೟
௅௘௩௘௟ೖ,೟
"࢔࢑,࢚ି࢒ࢇࢍ࢑
࢚ࢇ࢘ࢍࢋ࢚
" " means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, ݊௞,௧
௧௔௥௚௘௧ in respect of the ACT 
Day falling lagk ACT Days prior to such day. 
"࢔࢑,૙
࢛࢙ࢋࢊ" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"࢔࢑,࢚
࢛࢙ࢋࢊ" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, ݊௞,௧ି௟௔௚ೖ
௧௔௥௚௘௧ in respect of such day 
provided that, if such day is a Disrupted Day, ݊௞,௧
௨௦௘ௗ will be the ݊௞,௧
௨௦௘ௗfor the immediately preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day which is not a Disrupted Day, and provided further that, ݊௞,௧
௨௦௘ௗ on the Strike Date is 
݊௞,଴
௨௦௘ௗ."࢔࢑,࢚ି૚
࢛࢙ࢋࢊ" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, ݊௞,௧
௨௦௘ௗ on the ACT Day 
immediately preceding such day. 
"ࡼ࢚ࢌࢂ࢕࢒࢚ " means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
ܲݐ݂ܸ݋݈௧= max ቆටܸܽݎ௣௢௥௧,௫,௧, ඥܸܽݎ௣௢௥௧,௬,௧ቇ
"Reference Floating Rate" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Reference Floating Rate Option in respect 
of such ACT Day appearing on the Reference Floating Rate Option Page at the Reference Floating Rate 
Option Time the "Original Reference Floating Rate"), provided that if (i) the relevant rate does not appear 
on such page at such time, (ii) there has been a permanent or indefinite cancellation of the relevant rate, (iii) 
the relevant rate ceases to exist or ceases to be published permanently or indefinitely or (iv) it is unlawful or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to make any calculations or determinations using the relevant rate, 
the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant rate for such ACT Day acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner at such time as it may select. In determining the relevant rate, the 
Calculation Agent may have regard to any sources(s) it considers appropriate, including, but not limited to:  
(a) 
any alternative rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the 
currency in which the relevant rate is denominated (each a "Relevant Nominating Body"), that is 
consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative rates are 
selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
determine which of those rates is most appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant 
Securities; 
(b) 
any alternative rate that has replaced the Original Reference Floating Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of 
interest on the same basis as the Original Reference Floating Rate; or  
(c) 
such other rate as the Calculation Agent determines is most comparable to the Original Reference 
Floating Rate. 
The determination of a replacement rate and any applicable adjustments will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding, unless the Calculation Agent subsequently determines in respect of an ACT Day 
that such rate is no longer comparable to the Original Reference Floating Rate or no longer constitutes an 
industry accepted successor rate, in which case, a new replacement rate shall be determined in accordance 
with paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above for each subsequent ACT Day. If the Calculation Agent is unable to or 
otherwise does not determine a further replacement rate, then the rate will remain unchanged.

--- Page 962 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 962 - 
"Reference Floating Rate Option" means the relevant rate and designated maturity specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
"Reference Floating Rate Option Page" means the page or price source specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or such successor page or source as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Reference Floating Rate Option Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Reference Ratet-1" means (a) the fixed rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or (b) in respect of an 
ACT Day, the Reference Floating Rate for the ACT Day immediately preceding such day, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"TargetVolExposuret" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the level determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula: 
ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐܸ݋݈ܧݔ݌݋ݏݑݎ݁௧= min ቀܥܽ݌1,
்௏
௉௧௙௏௢௟೟ቁ. 
"TV" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Valuation Date" means a Business Day, Exchange Business Day, Scheduled 
Trading Day, SPS Valuation Date or other day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Value0" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
"Underlying Reference Volatility Asset Valuet-1" means, in respect of an ACT Day, the Underlying 
Reference Volatility Asset Valuet on the ACT Day immediately preceding such day. 
"Var1,n,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܸܽݎଵ,௡.௧= 252 ቌ1
݊ × ෍
ቈ݈݊ቆܮ݁ݒ݈݁ଵ,௧ି௜ାଵ
ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ଵ,௧ିଵ
ቇ቉
ଶ
௡
௜ୀଵ
−൭1
݊ × ෍
݈݊
௡
௜ୀଵ
ቆܮ݁ݒ݈݁ଵ,௧ି௜ାଵ
ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ଵ,௧ିଵ
ቇ൱
ଶ
ቍ
"Var2,n,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܸܽݎଶ,௡.௧= 252 ቌ1
݊ × ෍
ቈ݈݊ቆܮ݁ݒ݈݁ଶ,௧ି௜ାଵ
ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ଶ,௧ିଵ
ቇ቉
ଶ
௡
௜ୀଵ
−൭1
݊ × ෍
݈݊
௡
௜ୀଵ
ቆܮ݁ݒ݈݁ଶ,௧ି௜ାଵ
ܮ݁ݒ݈݁ଶ,௧ିଵ
ቇ൱
ଶ
ቍ
"Var1,n,t" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܸܽݎ௣௢௥௧,௡,௧= ܹଵ,௧
௥௘௙× ܹଵ,௧
௥௘௙ × ܸܽݎଵ,௡,௧+ ܹଶ,௧
௥௘௙× ܹଶ,௧
௥௘௙× ܸܽݎଶ,௡,௧+ 2 × ܹଵ,௧
௥௘௙× ܹଶ,௧
௥௘௙× ܥ݋ݒܽݎ(ଵ,ଶ),௡,௧. 
"ࢃ࢑,࢚
࢘ࢋࢌ" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level determined by 
theCalculation Agent in accordance with the following formulae: 
(a) 
in respect of k=1:

--- Page 963 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 963 - 
ܹଵ,௧
௥௘௙= min
⎝
⎛ܥܽ݌2,
ܸܶ
ටܸܽݎଵ,௫,௧ ; ඥܸܽݎଵ,௬,௧⎠
⎞
(b) 
in respect of k=2 
ܹଵ,௧
௥௘௙ = 1 −ܹଵ,௧
௥௘௙
"ࢃ࢑,࢚
࢚ࢇ࢘ࢍࢋ࢚" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and an ACT Day, the level determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
ܹ௞,௧
௧௔௥௚௘௧= ܹଵ,௧
௥௘௙× ܶܽݎ݃݁ݐܸ݋ܧݔ݌݋ݏݑݎ݁௧.
"x" means the number of ACT Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"y" means the number of ACT Days specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
1.7
Greatest Period Values for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts
(a)
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions
"Greatest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Intraday Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; and 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
(b)
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions
"Greatest Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Basket Value for 
all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Best Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Best 
Intraday Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Best Value for all 
the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Conditional Value (Basket)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference in the Basket 
and a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Conditional Value for such Underlying Reference for all 
the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest for all SPS 
Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values; and 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Value (Basket)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
in the Basket and a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Underlying Reference Value for such 
Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period;

--- Page 964 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 964 - 
"Greatest Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation 
Period, the highest Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates 
in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Greatest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Worst 
Intraday Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; and 
"Greatest Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the highest Worst Value for 
all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
1.8
Lowest Period Values for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts
(a)
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions
"Lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Underlying Reference Intraday Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; and 
"Lowest Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Period, the lowest Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for all the 
SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
(b)
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions
"Lowest Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Basket Value for 
all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Lowest Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Best Value for all the 
SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Lowest Greatest Conditional Value (Basket)" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the 
lowest Greatest Conditional Value (Basket) for any Underlying Reference in the Basket in respect 
of such SPS Valuation Period;  
"Lowest Greatest Underlying Value (Basket)" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the 
lowest Greatest Underlying Reference Value (Basket) for any Underlying Reference in the Basket 
in respect of such SPS Valuation;  
"Lowest Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest for all SPS 
Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values; 
"Lowest Worst Intraday Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Worst 
Intraday Value for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; and 
"Lowest Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the lowest Worst Value for all 
the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
1.9
Average Values for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Payouts and Entitlement Amounts
(a)
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions
"Average Underlying Reference TOM Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference TOM Values for such 
Underlying Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period;

--- Page 965 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 965 - 
"Average Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS 
Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying 
Reference for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; and 
"VWAP SPS Period Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference and a SPS Valuation 
Period, the arithmetic average of the volume weighted average prices of such Underlying Reference 
on each SPS Valuation Date in the SPS Valuation Period published by the VWAP Source at the 
VWAP Specified Time, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, provided that, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
no such volume weighted average price can be determined in respect of an SPS Valuation Date in 
the SPS Valuation Period, the VWAP Value for such day shall be a value determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as the volume 
weighted average price of such Underlying Reference for such day having regard to the then 
prevailing market conditions, the last published volume weighted average price and such other 
factors as the Calculation Agent determines relevant. 
Where:  
"VWAP Specified Time" means the time specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"VWAP Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b)
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions
"Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Basket Values for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Average Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Best Values for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; 
"Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average for 
all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period of the relevant Rainbow Values;  
"Average Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation 
Period, the arithmetic average of the Underlying Reference Volatility Hedged Values for all the SPS 
Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period; and 
"Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the arithmetic average of the 
Worst Values for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period. 
1.10
Weighted Average Values for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts
(a)
Mono Underlying Reference Value Definitions
"Weighted Average Underlying Reference Value" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference 
and a SPS Valuation Period, the sum of the values calculated for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such 
SPS Valuation Period as (a) the Underlying Reference Value for such Underlying Reference for such 
SPS Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant SPS Date Weighting. 
(b)
Multi Underlying Reference Value Definitions
"Weighted Average Basket Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the sum of the 
values calculated for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period as (a) the Basket 
Value for such SPS Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant SPS Date Weighting;

--- Page 966 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 966 - 
"Weighted Average Best Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the sum of the values 
calculated for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period as (a) the Best Value for 
such SPS Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant SPS Date Weighting; 
"Weighted Average Rainbow Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the sum of the 
values calculated for all SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period as (a) the relevant 
Rainbow Values (b) multiplied by the relevant SPS Date Weighting; and 
"Weighted Average Worst Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Period, the sum of the 
values calculated for all the SPS Valuation Dates in such SPS Valuation Period as (a) the Worst 
Value for such SPS Valuation Date (b) multiplied by the relevant SPS Date Weighting. 
1.11
Minimum/Maximum Values
Any value specified in the applicable Final Terms and used in the calculation of any SPS Coupon / 
Premium Amount Rate, Payout and/or Entitlement Amount or related provision may be subject to a 
cap of the Maximum Value and/or a floor of the Minimum Value, in each case specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
1.12
General Definitions for SPS Coupon/Premium Amount Rates, Final Payouts and Entitlement 
Amounts
"A(i)" means either: 
(a) 
the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 and 
1.10,  
in each case specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout" means each Final Payout or Divider Additional Final Payout specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms for the relevant Sum Securities or Option Max Securities and 
if Payout FX Conversion is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, converted into the 
Payout Currency at the Payout FX Value, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Final Payout Weighting" is the number, amount or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Additional Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"AVRG Value" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 
1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Barrier Percentage Strike Price" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Bonus Coupon" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Bonus Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Conditional Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Conditional Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 967 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 967 - 
"Conditional Value Condition" means that the Up Final Redemption Value for the relevant 
Underlying Reference for the relevant SPS Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal 
to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Conditional Value Level; 
"Conditional Value Level" means the percentage, amount or number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
"Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 3" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant Percentage 4" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Count Barrier" means the level, amount, number or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Coupon Airbag Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"DCF" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Divider Additional Final Payout" means a value equal to 1 divided by the relevant Final Payout, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Divider Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a SPS Redemption Valuation Date, 1 divided 
by the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified in the applicable Final Terms;
"Down Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a SPS Redemption Valuation Date, the value 
from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Down Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EDS Barrier Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Euro Fund Gearing" means, in respect of a SPS Valuation Date, the percentage or number 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Redemption Condition" means that: 
(a) 
the FR Barrier Value for the relevant SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date or SPS FR Barrier 
Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than 
or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Condition 
Level; (the "Final Redemption Condition 1"); and/or (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms)

--- Page 968 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 968 - 
(b) 
the FR Barrier Value 2 for the relevant SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date or SPS FR Barrier 
Valuation Period is (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than 
or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Condition 
Level 2 (the "Final Redemption Condition 2"); 
"Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a SPS Redemption Valuation Date, the value from 
Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or the 
Divider Final Redemption Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Barrier Value" means, in respect of a SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date or SPS FR Barrier 
Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10, specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"FR Barrier Value 2" means, in respect of a SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date or SPS FR Barrier 
Valuation Period, the value from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Gear Down" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gear Up 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gear Up 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or the Euro Fund 
Gearing, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Down" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing Up" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"i" means the relevant SPS Valuation Date or SPS Valuation Period; 
"I" means the total number of SPS Valuation Dates in the relevant SPS Valuation Period; 
"j" means the relevant Strike Date; 
"k" means the relevant Underlying Reference; 
"K" means the total number of Underlying References in the Basket of Underlying References; 
"Local Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Loss Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Lower Conditional Value" means either (a) Conditional Percentage 2 or (b) the Down Final 
Redemption Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"m" means the relevant SPS Valuation Date or SPS Valuation Period; 
"M" means a series of SPS Valuation Dates or SPS Valuation Periods;

--- Page 969 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 969 - 
"NA" means, in respect of a Warrant or Certificate, the Notional Amount or, in respect of a Note, 
the Calculation Amount; 
"nEnd days" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"nStart days" has the meaning given it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Closing Price Value" means the rate of exchange between the currencies (including 
any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and determined 
from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms for such 
Payout Currency on the Payout FX Rate Date 
"Payout FX Rate Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Rate Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value" means (i) the rate of exchange between the currencies 
(including any rates of exchange pursuant to which the relevant rate of exchange is derived) and 
determined from the source(s) and at the time, in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms 
on the Payout FX Rate Strike Date or (ii) the rate of exchange specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Payout FX Value" means, in respect of a Payout Currency (a) the Payout FX Closing Price Value 
divided by (b) the Payout FX Strike Closing Price Value; 
"q" means the relevant Observation Date or SPS Valuation Date; 
"Q" is a series of SPS Valuation Dates in SPS Valuation Period(i) or Calculation Period(i); 
"Redemption Payout" means the Final Payout in specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Date Weighting" means, in respect of an SPS Valuation Date, the number, amount or 
percentage specified as such for such date in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Redemption Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, Euro 
Fund Business Day, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Pricing Date and/or Settlement Price Date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Redemption Valuation Period" means each period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"SPS Valuation Date" means each SPS Coupon Valuation Date, SPS Redemption Valuation Date, 
SPS ER Valuation Date, SPS FR Valuation Date, SPS FR Barrier Valuation Date, Knock-in 
Determination Day, Knock-out Determination Day, Automatic Early Expiration Valuation Date, 
SPS EndDay Valuation Date, SPS StartDay Valuation Date, SPS Call Valuation Date, SPS Put 
Valuation Date, SPS ACS Valuation Date, SPS APS Valuation Date, SPS AR Valuation Date, 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, ACT Day, Range Accrual Valuation Date, Strike Day, 
Strike Date, AER Accumulator Valuation Date, Accumulator Valuation Date, SPS Transition 
Valuation Date or SPS ER Transition Valuation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SPS Valuation Period" means each SPS ER Valuation Period, SPS Coupon Valuation Period, SPS 
FR Barrier Valuation Period, SPS Call Valuation Period, SPS Put Valuation Period, Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Period, SPS FR Valuation Period, SPS Redemption Valuation Period, 
Knock-in Determination Period, Knock-out Determination Period, SPS ACS Valuation Period, SPS

--- Page 970 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 970 - 
APS Valuation Period, SPS AR Valuation Period, Strike Period, Range Accrual Observation Period, 
AER Accumulator Period, Accumulator Period, SPS Transition Valuation Period or SPS ER 
Transition Valuation Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"T" means the relevant Observation Date or SPS Valuation Date; 
"Total M" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of the SPS Payouts, Coupon/Premium Amount 
Rates and Entitlement Amounts, each Index, Share, ETI, Debt Security, Commodity, Commodity 
Index, Fund, Fund Index, Underlying Interest Rate, Inflation Index, Subject Currency or Future or 
other basis of reference to which the relevant Securities relate;  
"Underlying Reference Weighting" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the number, 
amount or percentage specified as such for such Underlying Reference in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Up Cap Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Final Redemption Value" means, in respect of a SPS Redemption Valuation Date, the value 
from Payout Conditions 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9 or 1.10 specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Up Floor Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Up Strike Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Upper Conditional Value" means either (a) Conditional Percentage 1 or (b) the Final Redemption 
Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2.
FIXED INCOME COUPON/PREMIUM AMOUNT RATES AND PAYOUTS 
2.1  
Fixed Income Coupon Rates/Premium Amount Rates 
The following Coupon Rate(s) or Premium Amount Rate(s) will apply to the Securities if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a)
FX Vanilla Coupon
If FX Vanilla Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Description of the Payout 
The interest rate will be zero or a specified percentage or the greater of a specified 
percentage and the product of the performance of the Underlying Reference over a specified 
period and a gearing percentage. 
(b)
FI Digital Coupon
If FI Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i)
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 




e
Performanc
Coupon 
FX
A x 
Gearing
A,
Floor 
Global
Max
A,
Cap
Global
Min

--- Page 971 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 971 - 
; or 
(ii)
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Description of the Payout  
A FI Digital Coupon provides that the Securities bear interest at one of 2 specified rates 
depending upon whether or not the specified Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied. The 
specified rate can be (i) a fixed percentage or (ii) a fixed percentage (which may be equal 
to zero) plus a floating rate, where the floating rate may be the sum of one or more floating 
interest rates or inflation rates with individual gearings applied. The payout may be subject 
to a minimum level (equal to the Global Floor) or a maximum level (equal to the Global 
Cap). The Gearing may be zero, a negative or a positive number and the fixed percentage 
may be equal to zero. 
The Digital Coupon Condition is indexed to the value of the Underlying Reference(s) (which 
may be one or more Inflation Index/Indices) comparative to a barrier level(s) which can be 
fixed or step up or down. 
(c)
FX Digital Coupon
If FX Digital Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i)
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
or 
(ii)
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Description of the Payout 
A FX Digital Coupon provides that the Securities bear interest at one of two specified rates 
depending upon whether or not the specified Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied. The 
specified rate can be (i) a fixed percentage or (ii) a fixed percentage (which may be equal 
to zero) plus the product of the performance of the Underlying Reference over a specified 
period and a gearing percentage. The pay-out may be subject to a minimum level (equal to 
the Global Floor) or a maximum level (equal to the Global Cap). The Gearing may be zero, 
a negative or a positive number and the fixed percentage may be equal to zero.  The Digital 
Coupon Condition is indexed to the value of the Underlying Reference(s). 
(d)
Range Accrual Coupon
If Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:






















A
Constant 
A
Rate
FI
A
Gearing
A,
Floor 
Global
Max
A,
Cap
Global
Min
n
1
i
(i)
(i)






















B
Constant 
B
Rate
FI
B
Gearing
B,
Floor 
Global
Max
B,
Cap
Global
Min
n
1
i
(i)
(i)
e))
Performanc
Coupon 
FX
A x 
Gearing
A,
Floor 
(Global
Max 
A,
Cap
(Global
Min 




e
Performanc
Coupon 
FX
 x 
B
Gearing
B,
Floor 
Global
Max
B,
Cap
Global
Min

--- Page 972 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 972 - 
Where: 
"n" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the Range 
Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FI 
DC Barrier Value for each Range Accrual Day in the period from (and including) the Range 
Cut-off Date to (and including) the Range Period End Date will be deemed to be the FI DC 
Barrier Value on the Range Cut-off Date. 
Description of the Payout 
A Range Accrual Coupon provides that the Securities bear interest on the basis of a rate 
calculated by reference to the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Accrual 
Period where the Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied. The interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date is equal to K * n/N, where n is the number of Range Accrual 
Days in the Range Accrual Period on which the Range Accrual Coupon Condition is 
satisfied and N is the total number of Range Accrual Days in the Range Accrual Period. K 
can be a fixed percentage or a floating rate plus a margin (which may be zero) and is subject 
to a minimum level (equal to the Local Floor) or a maximum level (equal to the Local Cap). 
The floating rate may be the sum of one or more floating interest rates or inflation rates 
with individual gearings applied. 
The overall rate payable is also subject to a minimum level (equal to the Global Floor) or 
a maximum level (equal to the Global Cap). 
The Range Accrual Coupon Condition is indexed to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) (which may be one or more Inflation Index/Indices) comparative to a barrier 
level(s) which can be fixed or step up or down.   
(e)
FX Range Accrual Coupon 
If FX Range Accrual Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Where: 
"n" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period on which the Range 
Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied; and 
"N" is the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Period. 
If Deemed Range Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FI 
DC Barrier Value or FX Coupon Performance, as applicable, for each Range Accrual Day 
in the period from (and including) the Range Cut-off Date to (and including) the Range 
Period End Date will be deemed to be the FI DC Barrier Value or FX Coupon Performance, 
as applicable, on the Range Cut-off Date. 

















N
n
x
n
1
i
(i)
Rate
FI
x
(i)
Gearing
arg
,
,
,
,
in
M
Global
Floor
Local
Max
Cap
Local
Min
Floor
Global
Max
Cap
Global
Min




n/N
 x 
Rate
FI
Floor,
Global
Max
Cap,
Global
Min

--- Page 973 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 973 - 
Description of the Payout 
A Range Accrual Coupon provides that the Securities bear interest on the basis of a rate 
calculated by reference to the number of Range Accrual Days in the relevant Range Accrual 
Period where the Range Accrual Coupon Condition is satisfied. The interest payable on 
each Interest Payment Date is equal to K * n/N, where n is the number of Range Accrual 
Days in the Range Accrual Period on which the Range Accrual Coupon Condition is 
satisfied and N is the total number of Range Accrual Days in the Range Accrual Period. K 
is a fixed percentage. 
The overall rate payable is also subject to a minimum level (equal to the Global Floor) or 
a maximum level (equal to the Global Cap). 
The Range Accrual Coupon Condition is indexed to the value of the Underlying 
Reference(s) comparative to a barrier level(s) which can be fixed or step up or down.   
(f)
FX Memory Coupon 
If FX Memory Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest 
Valuation Date: 
FI Rate A – Paid FX Memory Coupons; or 
(ii) 
if the FI Digital Coupon Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
FI Rate B 
Where: 
"Current FX Memory Coupon Interest Period" means, in respect of a FI Interest 
Valuation Date, the Interest Period ending on or immediately prior to such FI Interest 
Valuation Date. 
"Paid FX Memory Coupons" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date, the sum of 
the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) the Rate of Interest and 
(ii) the Day Count Fraction, in each case calculated for each Interest Period preceding the 
Current FX Memory Coupon Interest Period. 
Description of the Payout 
A FX Memory Coupon provides that the Securities bear interest at one of two specified rates 
depending upon whether or not the specified Digital Coupon Condition is satisfied. Either 
specified rate are a fixed percentage and can be zero.  If the specified Digital Coupon 
Condition is satisfied any previous coupons paid are deducted from the fixed rate paid. 
(g)
Combination Floater Coupon
If Combination Floater is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 974 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 974 - 
Description of the Payout 
A Combination Floater Coupon may be any of the following (i) a fixed percentage or (ii) a 
floating rate plus a margin (which can be equal to zero), where the floating rate may be the 
sum of one or more floating interest rates or inflation rates with individual gearings applied.  
The rate payable is subject to a minimum level (equal to the Global Floor) or a maximum 
level (equal to the Global Cap). The Gearing may be zero, negative or positive. 
(h)
PRDC Coupon 
If PRDC Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A)
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I.
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II.
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 x PRDC Performance) - 
Coupon Percentage 2)); 
(B)
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 x PRDC Performance) - Coupon 
Percentage 2)); 
(C)
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I.
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
Min (Cap, Max (Floor, (Coupon Percentage 1 x PRDC Performance) - 
Coupon Percentage 2)); 
II.
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a 
Knock-out Event has occurred, 0 (zero); 
Where: 
"PRDC Performance" means the quotient of the Final Settlement Price (as numerator) and 
the Initial Settlement Price (as denominator). 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, 
the interest payable will vary depending on whether such event(s) have occurred.  
If applicable, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the 
level of the Underlying Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the 
specified time(s) is greater than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to 
(as applicable) the level specified in or determined as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms or within the Knock-in Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 















n
1
i
(i)
(i)
Rate
FI
Gearing
Margin
Global
Floor,
Global
Max
Cap,
Global
Min

--- Page 975 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 975 - 
Whether a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred will 
determine whether the interest rate will be zero or a percentage that is (subject to a specified 
minimum and/or maximum) equal to a specified percentage multiplied by the performance 
of the Underlying Reference over a specified period and reduced by a specified percentage.  
(i)
FI Digital Floor Coupon 
If FI Digital Floor Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A)
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I.
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero);  
II.
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
III.
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
(B)
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I.
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1; or 
II.
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2; or 
(C)
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I.
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II.
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred 
and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Floor Percentage 1;  
III.
in all other cases: 
Digital Floor Percentage 2. 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, 
the interest payable will vary depending on (i) whether such event(s) have occurred and (ii) 
whether the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied.  If no Knock-in Event or Knock-out 
Event is specified, the interest payable will vary depending on whether the FI Digital Floor 
Condition is satisfied.

--- Page 976 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 976 - 
The FI Digital Floor Condition will be satisfied if the FI Digital Value is less than or equal 
to the level specified or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. If applicable, 
a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination Day or 
Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in Determination 
Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the Underlying 
Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified time(s) is 
greater than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as applicable) the 
level specified in or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms or within the 
Knock-in Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether (i) a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred and (ii) 
the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied will determine whether interest is payable and, 
if so, which specified rate will be used to calculate the interest payable. 
(j)
FI Digital Cap Coupon 
If FI Digital Cap Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A)
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I.
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero);  
II.
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
III.
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(B)
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
I.
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
II.
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 2; or 
(C)
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
I.
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, 0 (zero); or 
II.
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred 
and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date: 
Digital Cap Percentage 1; or 
III.
in all other cases:

--- Page 977 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 977 - 
Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
Description of the Payout 
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable, 
the interest payable will vary depending on (i) whether such event(s) have occurred and (ii) 
whether the FI Digital Cap Condition is met.  If no Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event is 
specified, the interest payable will vary depending on whether the FI Digital Cap Condition 
is satisfied.  
The FI Digital Cap Condition will be satisfied if the FI Digital Value is greater than or 
equal to the level specified or determined as provided in the applicable Final Terms. If 
applicable, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a Knock-in 
Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the level of the 
Underlying Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the specified 
time(s) is greater than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to (as 
applicable) the level specified in or determined as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or within the Knock-in Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether (i) a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred and (ii) 
the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied will determine whether interest is payable and, if 
so, which specified rate will be used to calculate the interest payable. 
(k)
FI Target Coupon
If FI Target Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event has not occurred, the Coupon Rate or Rate of Interest 
in respect of the Target Final Interest Period shall be the Final Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Description of the Payout 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption applies and an Automatic Early Redemption Event 
does not occur the rate of interest for the Interest Period ending on the Maturity Date (in 
the case of Notes) or Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) will be the Final Interest 
Rate. 
The Final Interest Rate may be 
1. 
Capped only – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest calculated 
for the final interest period or, if less, the difference between the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage and the interest already paid; 
2. 
Guaranteed only - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest 
calculated for the final interest period or, if greater, the difference between the 
Automatic Early Redemption Percentage and the interest already paid.  If no 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, this Interest Rate provides a payment 
at maturity that means the overall sum of all interest paid will be at least equal to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; 
3. 
Capped and guaranteed - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage less previous interest paid which means that the 
overall interest paid will be equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage;

--- Page 978 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 978 - 
4. 
Not capped and not guaranteed – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the interest 
calculated for the relevant Interest Period. 
(l)
Duration Adjusted Coupon 
If Duration Adjusted Coupon is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:
ܥ݋݊ݏݐܽ݊ݐܲ݁ݎܿ݁݊ݐܽ݃݁+ ܯܽݔ൫0, ܴܽݐ݁(௜) + ܵ݌ݎ݁ܽ݀(௜)൯∗ 
(1 −(1 + ܴܽݐ݁(௜))ିே
ܴܽݐ݁(௜)
/ܰ
2.2 
Definitions for Fixed Income Coupon Rates/Premium Amount Rates 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Constant B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Coupon Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Basket 1" means the basket of Subject Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FI Basket 2" means the basket of Subject Currencies specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"FI DC Barrier Value" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date and an Underlying 
Reference, the Underlying Reference Closing Value for such Underlying Reference; 
"FI Digital Coupon Condition" means: 
(a)
(A) if FI Basket 1 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI 
DC Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is 
or (B) if FI Basket 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon 
Performance for FI Basket 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (i)(a) greater than, 
(b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the FI Upper Barrier Level and (ii) if a FI Lower Barrier Level is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or greater 
than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI Lower 
Barrier Level; and  
(b)
if FI Digital Coupon Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
(A) if FI Basket 2 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms that the FI DC 
Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is or 
(B) if FI Basket 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon 
Performance for FI Basket 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (i)(a) greater than, 
(b) less than, (c) equal to or greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the FI Upper Barrier Level 2 and (ii) if a FI Lower Barrier Level 2 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (a) greater than, (b) less than, (c) equal to or 
greater than or (d) less than or equal to, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the FI 
Lower Barrier Level 2;

--- Page 979 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 979 - 
"FI Interest Valuation Date" means each Underlying Interest Determination Date, Interest 
Determination Date, Pricing Date, Averaging Date, Valuation Date, Interest Valuation Date and/or 
Settlement Price Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or each Range Accrual Day; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Lower Barrier Level 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate A" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Rate B" means the Rate or Inflation Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Upper Barrier Level" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"FI Upper Barrier Level 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FX Coupon Performance" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Subject Currency, the FX Coupon Performance 
Value; 
(b) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the 
values calculated for each Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket as (i) the FX Coupon 
Performance Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI Interest Valuation Date 
(ii) multiplied by the relevant FX Weighting; 
(c) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest FX Coupon Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket in 
respect of such FI Interest Valuation Date; 
(d) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest FX Coupon Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket in 
respect of such FI Interest Valuation Date; 
(e) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the Final Terms: 
Where:  
"G" means, in respect of a basket of Subject Currencies, the percentage specified as such 
for such basket of Subject Currencies in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the FX Weighting for such Subject Currency; 
or 
෍෍Gj
n
i=1
*(Wi* FX Coupon Performance Value)
m
j=1

--- Page 980 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 980 - 
(f) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the 
values calculated for each Subject/Base Currency in the Relevant Basket as (i) the FX 
Coupon Ranked Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI Interest Valuation Date 
multiplied by (ii) the relevant FX Weighting; 
"FX Coupon Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date and a Subject 
Currency: 
(a) 
if FX Performance Coupon 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
FX Final Interest Settlement Price – FX Initial Interest Settlement Price; 
(b) 
if FX Performance Coupon 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
FX Initial Interest Settlement Price – FX Final Interest Settlement Price; 
(c) 
if FX Performance Coupon 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
(d) 
if FX Performance Coupon 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(e) 
if FX Performance Coupon 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(f) 
if FX Performance Coupon 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(g) 
if FX Performance Coupon 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(h) 
if FX Performance Coupon 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(i) 
if FX Performance Coupon 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 


Price
Settlement
Interest 
Final
FX
Price
Settlement
Interest 
nitial
I
FX
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Final
FX

; 


Price
Settlement
Interest 
Final
FX
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Final
FX
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Initial
FX

; 













Price
Settlement
Interest 
Final
FX
1
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Initial
FX
1
; 













Price
Settlement
Interest 
Initial
FX
1
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Final
FX
1
; 


Price
Settlement
Interest 
Initial
FX
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Initial
FX
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Final
FX

; 


Price
Settlement
Interest 
Initial
FX
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Final
FX
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Initial
FX

;

--- Page 981 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 981 - 
(j) 
if FX Performance Coupon 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
"FX Coupon Ranked Value" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date, the FX Coupon 
Performance Value in respect of the Subject/Base Currency with the FX Coupon Ranking in respect 
of such FI Interest Valuation Date set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FX Coupon Ranking" means, in respect of an FI Interest Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning 
of each Subject/Base Currency by FX Coupon Performance Value from lowest FX Coupon 
Performance Value to greatest FX Coupon Performance Value in respect of such FI Interest 
Valuation Date; 
"FX Final Interest Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject/Base Currency, (i) if Averaging 
is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date, (ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant FI 
Interest Valuation Date, (iii) if Highest Look Back is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the highest Settlement Price for such Subject/Base Currency for all Averaging Dates in 
respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date or (iv) if Lowest Look Back is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the lowest Settlement Price for such Subject/Base Currency 
for all Averaging Dates in respect of the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date; 
"FX Initial Interest Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price for such Subject Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days 
in the Strike Period; or 
(d) 
if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; or  
(e) 
if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period. 
"Gearing A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Cap A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Initial
FX
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Final
FX
; 
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Final
FX
Price
Settlement
Interest 
Initial
FX
.

--- Page 982 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 982 - 
"Global Cap B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Floor B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Global Margin" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Local Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Interest Rate Gearing" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i)
specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the number 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Multiple Underlying Reference Rate" means, in respect of an Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as a Multiple Underlying Component Rate, the Underlying Reference 
Rate determined in respect of such Underlying Interest Rate. 
"N" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down" means the number, level or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2" means the number, level or percentage specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up" means the number, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2" means the number, level or percentage specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Accrual Coupon Condition" means: 
(a) 
(A) if FI Basket 1 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that the FI 
DC Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 1 for the relevant Range Accrual Day is or (B) 
if FI Basket 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon 
Performance for FI Basket 1 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (a)(i) greater than, 
(ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down and (b) if 
a Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) 
greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level 
Up; or 
(b) 
if Range Accrual Coupon Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms (A) if FI Basket 2 is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, that 
the FI DC Barrier Value for Underlying Reference 2 for the relevant Range Accrual Day is 
or (B) if FI Basket 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the FX Coupon 
Performance for FI Basket 2 for the relevant FI Interest Valuation Date is (a)(i) greater than, 
(ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Down 2 and (b)

--- Page 983 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 983 - 
if a Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level Up 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(ii) greater than, (ii) less than, (iii) equal to or greater than or (iv) less than or equal to, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Range Accrual Coupon Barrier Level 
Up 2; 
"Range Accrual Day" means a Scheduled Trading Day, Business Day, Commodity Business Day, 
Underlying Interest Determination Day or calendar day, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Cut-off Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Range Period End Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Rate" means, in respect of a FI Interest Valuation Date, the fixed rate specified in or the floating 
rate calculated as provided in, the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Basket" means FI Basket 1 or FI Basket 2, as applicable; 
"Spread(i)" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Coupon Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Target Final Interest Period" means the Interest Period ending on the Redemption Date or 
Maturity Date, as applicable; and; 
"YoY Inflation Rate" means [Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(i-1)] – 1. 
2.3  
Fixed Income Final Payouts 
The following final payouts which when multiplied by the applicable CA (each a "Final Payout") 
will apply to the Securities if specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i)
FI FX Vanilla Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI FX Vanilla 
Securities: 
(A)
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(2) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing x Option); 
(B)
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing x Option); 
(C)
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + (Gearing x Option);

--- Page 984 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 984 - 
if (a) a Knock-in Event and a Knock-out Event have occurred or (b) a Knock-out Event has 
occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1. 
Where:   
"Option" means Max (Performance Value, Floor). 
Description of the Payout  
If a Knock-in Event or a Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable 
the final payout will vary depending on whether such event(s) have occurred.  
If applicable, a Knock-in Event or Knock-out Event will occur if on a Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day (as applicable) or in respect of a 
Knock-in Determination Period or Knock-out Determination Period (as applicable) the 
level of the Underlying Reference (which will be a Subject Currency) when observed at the 
specified time(s) is greater than, greater than or equal to, less than or less than or equal to 
(as applicable) the level specified in or determined as provided in the applicable Final 
Terms or within the Knock-in Range Level or Knock-out Range Level specified. 
Whether a Knock-in Event and, if applicable, a Knock-out Event has occurred will 
determine whether the final payout will be zero or a percentage reflecting the product of 
the performance of the Underlying Reference over a specified period (which may be subject 
to a minimum and/or a maximum) and a gearing percentage.
(ii)
FI Digital Floor Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Floor 
Securities: 
(A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; 
(2) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
(3) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Floor Condition is not 
satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
(2) 
if the FI Digital Floor Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant 
FI Redemption Valuation Date:

--- Page 985 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 985 - 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
 
(1) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(2) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred 
and the FI Digital Floor Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
(3) 
in all other cases: 
(iii)
FI Digital Cap Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Cap 
Securities: 
 
 (A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; 
(2) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in 
respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
(3) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied 
in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
 
 (B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
(2) 
if the FI Digital Cap Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(1) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred, FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(2) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the 
FI Digital Cap Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date:

--- Page 986 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 986 - 
(3) 
in all other cases: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Digital Cap Percentage 2. 
(iv)
FI Digital Plus Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Digital Plus 
Securities: 
 
 (A) 
if Knock-in Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
if, irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event has or has not occurred, the FI Digital 
Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing A x FI Digital 
Value)); or 
(2) 
if no Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied 
in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1; or 
(3) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred and the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied 
in respect of the relevant FI Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max ((Gearing B x FI 
Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage)); 
(B) 
if Knock-in Event is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(1) 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing A x FI Digital 
Value)); or 
(2) 
if the FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI 
Redemption Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Min (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max ((Gearing B x FI 
Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage)); 
(C) 
if Knock-in Event and Knock-out Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(1) 
irrespective of whether a Knock-in Event and/or Knock-out Event has occurred, if 
the FI Digital Plus Condition is satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date: 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 1, (Gearing A x FI Digital 
Value)); or 
(2) 
if a Knock-in Event has occurred but a Knock-out Event has not occurred and the 
FI Digital Plus Condition is not satisfied in respect of the relevant FI Redemption 
Valuation Date:

--- Page 987 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 987 - 
FI Constant Percentage 1 + Max (Digital Plus Percentage 2, Max ((Gearing B x FI 
Digital Value), FI Digital Floor Percentage)); or 
(3) 
in all other cases: 
(v)
FI Inflation Securities 
If the Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being FI Inflation Securities: 
Max [100%, Cumulative Inflation Rate] 
Description of the Payout 
The payout comprises an amount per Security equal to 100 per cent. of the Calculation 
Amount or, if greater, the total positive inflation accretion from the Strike Date to the FI 
Redemption Valuation Date multiplied by the Calculation Amount. 
2.4
Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, the Automatic Early Redemption Payout shall be: 
(i)
Target Automatic Early Redemption
If Target Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
NA x (100% + Final Interest Rate); 
Description of the Payout 
If Target Automatic Early Redemption applies, the Securities redeem automatically if the 
cumulative coupon is greater than or equal to a target barrier, (the "Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage").  The cumulative coupon is equal to the sum of all previous 
interest paid plus the interest calculated (but not necessarily paid) for the Interest Period 
during which the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date falls. 
The payout per Security, comprises the Calculation Amount multiplied by 100 per cent. plus 
the Final Interest Rate. 
The Final Interest Rate may be 
1.
Capped only – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest calculated 
for the relevant interest period or, if less, the difference between the Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage and the interest already paid; 
2.
Guaranteed only - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the rate of interest 
calculated for the relevant interest period or, if greater, the difference between the 
Automatic Early Redemption Percentage and the interest already paid.  If no 
Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, this Interest Rate provides a payment 
at maturity that means the overall sum of all interest paid will be at least equal to 
the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage;

--- Page 988 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 988 - 
3.
Capped and guaranteed - In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage less previous interest paid which means that the overall 
interest  paid will be equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Percentage; 
4.
Not capped and not guaranteed – In this case, the Final Interest Rate is the interest 
calculated for the relevant Interest Period. 
(ii)
FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption 
If FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, 
NA 
Description of the Payout 
If FI Underlying Automatic Early Redemption applies, the Securities redeem automatically 
if the Underlying Reference observed is greater than or equal to the lower barrier (the 
"Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Down") or less than or equal to the upper 
barrier (the "Automatic Early Redemption Percentage Up").  In this case, the Securities 
will be redeemed on the next Interest Payment Date.  The Underlying Reference (which may 
be one or more Inflation Index/Indices) can be observed on specified dates or continuously 
during a period.  
Each Security will redeem at an amount equal to the Calculation Amount and may pay 
either (i) the interest accrued up to the Interest Payment Date on which the Securities are 
redeemed, (ii) no interest or (iii) the interest accrued up to date on which the Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurred.  
(iii)
FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption
If FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
NA x (100% + (Min (Coupon Cap, Final Coupon Rate) x Final Day Count Fraction)) 
Description of the Payout 
If FI Coupon Automatic Early Redemption applies, the Securities redeem automatically if 
the interest to be paid on an Interest Payment Date is greater than or equal to a target 
barrier, (the "Automatic Early Redemption Percentage").   
The amount payable per Security comprises the Calculation Amount multiplied by 100% 
plus the interest calculated for the relevant Interest Period (which may be capped which 
means that the maximum interest that an investor may receive following an FI Coupon 
Automatic Early Redemption is equal to the Coupon Cap. 
2.5
Definitions for Fixed Income Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
"Coupon Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Cumulative Inflation Rate" means Inflation Index(i)/Inflation Index(base); 
"Final Interest Rate" means:

--- Page 989 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 989 - 
(a) 
if Capped and Guaranteed Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Automatic Early Redemption Percentage or Target Coupon Percentage, as applicable less 
Paid Coupon; 
(b) 
if Capped and Guaranteed Not Applicable is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
product of the Final Coupon Rate and the Final Day Count Fraction, if applicable;  
(c) 
if Capped Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) the Final Coupon Rate 
multiplied by the Final Day Count Fraction (if applicable) or, if less (ii) the Automatic Early 
Redemption Percentage or the Target Coupon Percentage (as applicable), less the Paid 
Coupon); or 
(d) 
if Guaranteed Only is specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) the Final Coupon Rate 
multiplied by the Final Day Count Fraction (if applicable) or, if greater (ii) the Automatic 
Early Redemption Percentage or the Target Coupon Percentage (as applicable), less the Paid 
Coupon. 
2.6
General definitions for Fixed Income Coupon Rates, Final Payouts and Automatic Early 
Redemption Payouts 
"Cap" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Current Interest Period" means the Interest Period in which the relevant Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or in the case of the calculation of the FI Target Coupon, the Target 
Final Interest Period; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Cap Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Floor Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Digital Plus Percentage 2" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Constant Percentage 1" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Cap Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than or equal to the FI Digital Cap Level; 
"FI Digital Cap Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Floor Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is less 
than or equal to the FI Digital Floor Level; 
"FI Digital Floor Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Digital Plus Condition" means the FI Digital Value for the relevant FI Valuation Date is greater 
than the FI Digital Plus Level; 
"FI Digital Plus Level" means (a) the FX Digital Level or (b) the level specified as such, in each 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 990 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 990 - 
"FI Digital Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, the Performance Value, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Redemption Valuation Date" means each Settlement Price Date or Pricing Date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FI Valuation Date" means each FI Redemption Valuation Date or an FI Interest Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Coupon Rate" means the Interest Rate calculated in respect of the Current Interest Period or 
Target Final Interest Period, as applicable (the "Final Interest Period"); 
"Final Day Count Fraction" means the Day Count Fraction (if any) applicable to the Final Interest 
Period;  
"Final Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject/Base Currency, (i) if Averaging is specified 
as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Settlement Price on the relevant FI Valuation 
Date,  (ii) if Averaging is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic average 
of the Settlement Prices for all Averaging Dates, (iii) if Highest Look Back is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the highest Settlement Price for such Subject/Base Currency for all 
Averaging Dates or (iv) if Lowest Look Back is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the lowest Settlement Price for such Subject/Base Currency for all Averaging Dates; 
"Floor" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"FX Performance Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if Performance Value 1 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
Final Settlement Price – Initial Settlement Price; 
(b) 
if Performance Value 2 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Initial Settlement Price – Final Settlement Price; 
(c) 
if Performance Value 3 is specified in the applicable Final Terms,  
; 
(d) 
if Performance Value 4 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
; 
(e) 
if Performance Value 5 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
; 
(f) 
if Performance Value 6 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
; 


Price
Settlement
Final
Price
Settlement
Initial
Price
Settlement
Final



Price
Settlement
Final
Price
Settlement
Final
Price
Settlement
Initial














Price
Settlement
Final
1
Price
Settlement
Initial
1













Price
Settlement
Initial
1
Price
Settlement
Final
1

--- Page 991 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 991 - 
(g) 
if Performance Value 7 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
; 
(h) 
if Performance Value 8 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
; 
(i) 
if Performance Value 9 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
; 
(j) 
if Performance Value 10 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
; 
"FX Ranking" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the ordinal positioning of each 
Subject/Base Currency by FX Performance Value from lowest FX Performance Value to greatest 
FX Performance Value in respect of such FI Valuation Date; 
"FX Weighting" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the number, amount or percentage 
specified as such for such Subject Currency in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing A" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Gearing B" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Initial Settlement Price" means, in respect of a Subject Currency: 
(a) 
the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if Initial Closing Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price for such Subject Currency on the Strike Date; or 
(c) 
if Initial Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days 
in the Strike Period; or 
(d) 
if Highest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period; or 
(e) 
if Lowest Look Back Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest Settlement Price for such Subject Currency for all the Strike Days in the Strike 
Period. 
"Inflation Index(i)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Value for such Underlying Reference in respect of the relevant FI Valuation Date; 


Price
Settlement
Initial
Price
Settlement
Initial
Price
Settlement
Final



Price
Settlement
Initial
Price
Settlement
Final
Price
Settlement
Initial

Price
Settlement
Initial
Price
Settlement
Final
Price
Settlement
Final
Price
Settlement
Initial

--- Page 992 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 992 - 
"Inflation Index(i-1)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Value for such Underlying Reference on the immediately preceding FI Valuation Date (or, 
if none, the Strike Date); 
"Inflation Index(base)" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference, the Underlying Reference 
Closing Value for such Underlying Reference on the Strike Date; 
"Inflation Rate" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date, YoY Inflation Rate or Cumulative 
Inflation Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NA" means, in respect of Warrants or Certificates, the Notional Amount, or in respect of a Note, 
the Calculation Amount; 
"Paid Coupon" means, in respect of an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or Target 
Determination Date, the sum of the values calculated for each Interest Period as the product of (i) 
the Interest Rate and (ii) if specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Day Count Fraction, in each 
case calculated for such Interest Period preceding the Current Interest Period (in the case of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date) or the Target Final Interest Period (in the case of a 
Target Determination Date); 
"Performance Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
in the case of Securities relating to a single Subject Currency, the FX Performance Value; 
(b) 
if Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the 
values calculated for each Subject Currency in the Basket of Underlying References as (a) 
the FX Performance Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI Valuation Date (b) 
multiplied by the relevant FX Weighting; 
(c) 
if Best Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest FX Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect 
of such FI Valuation Date; 
(d) 
if Worst Of Weighted Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lowest FX Performance Value of any Subject Currency in the Relevant Basket in respect of 
such FI Valuation Date; 
(e) 
if Multi Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
Where:  
"G" means, in respect of a basket of Subject Currencies, the percentage specified as such 
for such basket of Subject Currencies in the applicable Final Terms; 
"W" means, in respect of a Subject Currency, the FX Weighting for such Subject Currency; 
or 
(f) 
if Ranked Basket is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of the 
values calculated for each Subject/Base Currency in the Relevant Basket as (a) the Ranked 
Value for the relevant Subject Currency for such FI Valuation Date multiplied by (b) the 
relevant FX Weighting; 
෍෍Gj
n
i=1
m
j=1
*(Wi* FX Performance Value)

--- Page 993 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 993 - 
"Ranked Value" means, in respect of an FI Valuation Date, the FX Performance Value in respect 
of the Subject/Base Currency with the FX Ranking in respect of such FI Valuation Date set out in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of the Fixed Income Payouts, each Inflation Index, 
Subject Currency, Underlying Interest Rate, Share Index, Commodity, Commodity Index or other 
basis of reference to which the relevant Securities relate.  If two or more Underlying Interest Rates 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Multiple Underlying Component Rates each 
Underlying Interest Rate(i) specified as such (together the "Multiple Underlying Interest Rate") 
will be calculated separately and independently but for the purposes of these Payout Conditions and 
the Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions shall be deemed to together constitute an Underlying 
Reference; 
"Underlying Reference 1" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Underlying Reference 2" means the Underlying Reference specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"Underlying Reference Closing Value" means, in respect of a FI Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Inflation Index, the Relevant Level (as defined 
in the Inflation Linked Conditions); or 
(b) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a rate of interest, the Underlying Reference Rate or, 
if Multiple Underlying Interest Rate is specified as applicable, the value calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
(c) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is a Subject Currency, the Settlement Price or FX 
Coupon Performance Value, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(d) 
if the relevant Underlying Reference is an Index, a Share, a Commodity or a Commodity 
Index, the Settlement Price, 
in each case in respect of such day. 
3
FORMULAE CONSTITUENTS AND COMPLETION 
The constituent parts (each a "Formula Constituent") of any formula (each a "Formula") used in the 
Payout Conditions and which are to be specified in the applicable Final Terms may be replaced in the 
applicable Final Terms by the prescribed amount, level, percentage or other value, as applicable for such 
Formula Constituent. 
If a Formula Constituent has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not applicable in respect of the 
relevant Securities, then the related Formula may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms by deleting 
such Formula Constituent. 
Any number or percentage to be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of these Payout 
Conditions may be a positive or negative, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.   


n
1
i
(i)
(i)
Rate
Reference
g
 Underlyin
Multiple
 x 
Gearing
Rate
Interest 
g
 Underlyin
Multiple

--- Page 994 ---
ANNEX 1 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
- 994 - 
4
CALCULATION AGENT 
Unless otherwise specified the calculation or determination of any amount or of any state of affairs, 
circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion required or permitted to be 
determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to these Payout Conditions shall (in 
the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer and the holders of Securities.  Whenever 
the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, to the extent permitted by an 
applicable law, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation.  In performing its duties 
pursuant to these Payout Conditions, the Calculation Agent shall act in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance or 
exercise of any of its obligations or making any determination under the Securities shall not affect the 
validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation or determination, and 
none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, or, if applicable, the Guarantor shall, in the absence of wilful 
misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability (to the extent permitted by any applicable law) in 
respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance.

--- Page 995 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 995 - 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Index Linked Securities shall comprise, in the case of Notes, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), in the case of Warrants, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 9 or 11), and, in the case of Certificates, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates" above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12) as applicable (the
"Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for payouts (as set out in Annex 1 under the heading 
"Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts" above) (the "Payout Conditions") and the additional Terms 
and Conditions set out below (the "Index Linked Conditions") and any other additional Terms and 
Conditions that may be specified in the Final Terms (the "Additional Terms and Conditions"), in each case 
subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions 
and the Index Linked Conditions, the Index Linked Conditions set out below shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Index Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the 
Final Terms shall prevail. 
1.
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Securities relating to a single Index or basket of 
Indices:- 
(x) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
(a) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time in respect of the Exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation 
Time in respect of the Exchange on which such Component 
Security is principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index only, the aggregate of all Component 
Securities in respect of which a Trading Disruption, an Exchange 
Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to 
such Index, of: (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption, which in 
either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one

--- Page 996 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 996 - 
hour period that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or 
(c) an Early Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
In the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, for the purposes of determining whether a Market 
Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component Security at any time, if a Market 
Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that time, then the 
relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of such Index shall 
be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of the Index attributable to that 
Component Security to (y) the overall level of such Index, in each case using the official 
opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data"; 
and 
(y) 
in the case of Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) a 
Trading Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent 
determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that (a) for the purposes of 
the occurrence of a Knock-in Event or a Knock-out Event begins or ends at the same time 
when the level of such Index triggers respectively the Knock-in Level or the Knock-out 
Level or (b) in all other circumstances ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early 
Closure. For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in respect of 
such Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a security 
included in such Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that security 
to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of 
such Index attributable to that security and (y) the overall level of the Index, in each case 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. The Calculation Agent 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders of Securities in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants, or Condition 19 of the Certificates, 
as applicable, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation 
Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2.
Adjustments to an Index 
(A) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent (the "Successor Index 
Sponsor"), or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of that Index, then in each case that index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
(B) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (i) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Valuation Date, last Observation Date, last Averaging 
Date, the last Knock-in Determination Day or the last Knock-out Determination Day, the relevant 
Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than 
a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes 
in constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an "Index Modification"), or 
permanently cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation"), or 
(ii) on the Strike Date, a Valuation Date, an Observation Date, an Averaging Date, a Knock-in 
Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the 
Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an "Index Disruption" 
and, together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment 
Event"), then,

--- Page 997 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 997 - 
(i)
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect 
on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Settlement Price using, in lieu of a 
published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that Strike 
Date, that Valuation Date, Observation Date, Averaging Date, Knock-in Determination Day 
or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect 
prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised 
that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent may replace the relevant Index with a new similar index, multiplied, 
if need be by a linking coefficient to ensure continuity in the condition of the underlying of 
the Securities;  
(iii)
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of 
Index Adjustment Event, Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may require the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes or Certificates, as applicable, in which case it will so notify the 
Issuer and the Issuer will give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes or to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable. If the Notes or Certificates are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to 
each Noteholder or Certificateholder, as the case may be, in respect of each redeemed Note 
or Certificate equal to the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 7(e) of 
the Notes or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates, as applicable. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes 
or to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable;  
(iv)
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Index 
Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the 
Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) or on the Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) 
the Issuer shall redeem each Note or Certificate, as applicable, at an amount calculated by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (x) the Protected Amount (specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and (y) the Swap Early Termination Amount (if any). 
For the purposes of this Index Linked Condition 2(B)(iv) "Swap Early Termination 
Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to, in respect of each Note or Certificate, and 
subject to a minimum of zero, a pro rata share of the sum of (1) the Early Termination 
Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) received by the Issuer under the Swap 
Agreement in connection with the termination of the Swap Agreement in whole or in part 
and (2) any interest which has accrued in respect of the amount of such Early Termination 
Amount received by the Issuer (which may be a positive or negative figure); 
(v)
in the case of Warrants only, the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the Warrants. If the Warrants are so 
cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each holder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units 
are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, equal to the Early Termination 
Amount in accordance with Condition 8(c) of the Warrants.  Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the 
Warrants. 
(vi)
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on 
giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem all but not 
some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of

--- Page 998 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 998 - 
each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, 
in accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix) (in the case of Notes), or in accordance with Condition 
8(e)(viii) (in the case of Certificates); 
(vii)
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on 
giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem all but not 
some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of 
each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, 
in accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) (in the case of Notes), or in accordance with Condition 
8(e)(ix) (in the case of Certificates); 
(viii)
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates redeem all but not 
some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of 
each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, 
in accordance with Condition 7(e)(xi) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 
8(e)(x) (in the case of Certificates); or 
(ix)
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, where one of Highest Value, Market Value or 
Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
an Index Adjustment Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that such Index Adjustment 
Event constitutes a force majeure, and if Index Linked Condition 2(B)(ix) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of 
Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities, 
calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(v) (in the case 
of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 7(b) (in the case of Certificates) on the basis that 
ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs applies. 
(C) 
Calculation Agent Determination 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities 
as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Securities. 
(D) 
General
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Index Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent is under no duty to consider the interests of Holders of Securities or any other person.  In 
making any determination as to which action to take following the occurrence of an Index 
Adjustment Event, to the extent permitted by applicable law, none of the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or the Swap Counterparty shall be responsible for any loss (including liability in respect of 
interest), underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Holders of Securities or any 
other person in connection with the Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a 
result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities. 
(E) 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent of any determination 
made by it pursuant to paragraph (B) above and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto 
and such Agent shall make available for inspection by Holders of Securities copies of any such 
determinations.

--- Page 999 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 999 - 
3.
Correction of Index 
If the level of the Index published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to 
make any determination under the Securities, is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index Sponsor (i) 
in respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Business Days following the date of the original 
publication or (ii) in respect of an Index which is not a Composite Index, within the number of days 
equal to the Index Correction Period of the original publication, the level to be used shall be the level 
of the Index as so corrected, except that any corrections published after the day which is three 
Business Days prior to, in the case of Notes and Certificates, a due date for payment under the Notes 
or Certificates, as the case may be, or, in the case of Warrants, the relevant Settlement Date calculated 
by reference to the level of the Index will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes 
of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4.
Definitions 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Averaging Date" means: 
(a) 
each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is 
a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such 
date will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Settlement Price provided that, if through the operation of this 
provision no Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of 
"Valuation Date" will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price, 
value or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price, value or amount on that Averaging Date as if 
such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective 
of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would 
fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(C) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
then: 
(i) 
where the Securities are Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index 
(other than a Component Security Index), the Averaging Date shall be the 
first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). If the first succeeding 
Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of 
another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether

--- Page 1000 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1000 - 
such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (A)(ii) of the definition 
of "Valuation Date" below; 
(ii) 
where the Securities are Index Linked Securities relating to a single 
Component Security Index, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant level for the Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(A)(ii) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below and the Averaging Date 
shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with 
the provisions of sub-paragraph (A)(ii) of the definition of "Valuation 
Date" below; 
(iii) 
where the Securities are Index Linked Securities relating to a basket of 
Indices (other than a Basket of Component Security Indices), the 
Averaging Date for each Index not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the 
"Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each Index 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Index. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index has not occurred for a 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an 
Averaging Date) in respect of such Index, and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level, price, value or amount for that 
Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (B)(ii) of the definition 
of "Valuation Date" below;  
(iv) 
where the Securities are Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of 
Component Security Indices, the Averaging Date for each Component 
Security Index not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be 
the Scheduled Averaging Date, and for each Component Security Index 
affected (an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Component Security 
Index in accordance with the provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(iv) of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below and the Averaging Date shall be 
deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent determines 
the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the 
provisions of sub-paragraph (a)(iv) of the definition of "Valuation Date" 
below; and 
(v) 
for the purposes of these Index Linked Conditions "Valid Date" means a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur; or 
(b) 
in the case of Open End Notes or Open End Certificates (other than Put/Call Open End Notes 
or Put/Call Open End Certificates), the date designated as such by the Issuer, provided that 
such date is determined by the Issuer and notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes or to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of

--- Page 1001 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1001 - 
the Certificates, as the case may be, at the latest on the tenth (10th) Business Day preceding 
the contemplated Averaging Date.
"Basket of Indices" means a basket composed of each Index specified in the applicable Final Terms 
in the weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling 
trades in the relevant securities. 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event results in the Clearance System being 
unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and 
execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Level" means in respect of an Index and a Scheduled Trading Day the official closing level 
of such Index on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index 
Linked Condition 2. 
"Component Security" means, in respect of a Composite Index, each component security of such 
Index. 
"Component Security Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or 
if not specified, any Index the Calculation Agent determines as such. 
"Composite Index" means any Index which is either a Component Security Index or a Multi-
Exchange Index. 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(A) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which: (i) the Index 
Sponsor fails to publish the level of the Index; (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for 
trading during its regular trading session; or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
and 
(B) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which (i) the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading 
during their regular trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means: 
(A) 
in the case of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the 
Exchange in respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or 
Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of: (i) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) on such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the submission deadline for orders 
to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; and 
(B) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. 
or more of the level of such Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or Related 
Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business

--- Page 1002 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1002 - 
Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"Exchange" means: 
(A) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal stock 
exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(B) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, in respect of such Index, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, 
any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the securities comprising such Index has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to the securities comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Exchange Business Day (All Indices 
Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange 
Business Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which:  
(A) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, in respect of such Indices are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading sessions in respect of such Indices, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(B) 
in respect of any Composite Indices:  
(i) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Indices; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(a) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange, in respect of such 
Composite Indices is open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect 
of such Composite Indices is open for trading during its regular trading 
session,  
in each case, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which: 
(A) 
in the case of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or

--- Page 1003 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1003 - 
(B) 
 in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(a) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Index is open 
for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session,  
in each case, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time.  
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(A) 
 in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index, are open for trading during their regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(B) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(a) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite Index is open 
for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such 
Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session,  
in each case, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time.  
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(A) 
in the case of any Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, (A) any Component Security 
on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; or (B) in futures or options 
contracts relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(B) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early 
Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of 
market participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for on 
any relevant Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the 
relevant Index, or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options 
contracts relating to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange.

--- Page 1004 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1004 - 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with these Index Linked 
Conditions, the index or indices specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
"Index Correction Period" means (i) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) if 
none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible 
for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, 
if any, related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index 
on a regular basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date of the Securities 
is the index sponsor specified for such Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Intraday Level" means in respect of an Index, and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the level 
of such Index at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided 
in Index Linked Condition 2. 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not 
so specified, any Index which the Calculation Agent determines to be such an Index. 
"Observation Date" means (a) in the case of Securities other than Open End Notes or Open End 
Certificates, each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, or if any such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as 
the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date" and (b) in the case of 
Open End Notes or Open End Certificates (other than Put/Call Open End Notes or Put/Call Open 
End Certificates), the date designated as such by the Issuer, provided that such date is determined by 
the Issuer and notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates at the latest on the tenth (10th) 
Business Day preceding the contemplated Observation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Open End Certificate" means a Certificate in respect of which "Open End" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and which may be redeemed (i) unless "Put/Call Open End 
Certificate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, on a date determined by the Issuer or pursuant 
to Condition 8(y) or (ii) if "Put/Call Open End Certificate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 8(b) or Condition 8(c), as the case may be, in either 
case, subject to the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions; 
"Open End Note" means a Note in respect of which "Open End" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and which may be redeemed (i) unless "Put/Call Open End Note" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, on a date determined by the Issuer or pursuant to Condition 7(z) or 
(ii) if "Put/Call Open End Note" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 7(b) or Condition 7(c), as the case may be, in either case, subject to the other 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Index are traded, or each exchange or quotation 
system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such

--- Page 1005 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1005 - 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to such Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related 
Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation 
system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular 
trading session hours subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below. 
"Scheduled Strike Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices 
Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled 
Trading Day (All Indices Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means any day on which  
(A) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, in respect of such Indices are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions in respect of such Indices; or 
(B) 
in respect of any Composite Indices:  
(i) 
the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Indices; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(a) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange, in respect of such 
Composite Indices is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular 
trading session; or 
(b) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect 
of such Composite Indices is scheduled to be open for trading during its 
regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which  
(A) 
in the case of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading 
during their respective regular trading session(s); or 
(B) 
 in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite 
Index; and

--- Page 1006 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1006 - 
(ii) 
either: 
(a) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such 
Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular 
trading session; or 
(b) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect 
of such Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its 
regular trading session.  
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which: 
(A) 
 in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index, are scheduled to be open for trading 
during their regular trading session(s); or 
(B) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite 
Index; and  
(ii) 
either: 
(a) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such 
Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular 
trading session; or 
(b) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect 
of such Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its 
regular trading session. 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor page or 
service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of an Index the period of Clearance System Days following a 
trade in the security comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily 
occur according to the rules of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in "Strike Date", "Valuation Date" or "Averaging 
Date" as the case may be: 
(A) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index, an amount equal to the 
official closing level of the Index or, in relation to a Composite Index, the official closing 
level or official opening level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of such Index as 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as determined by the Calculation 
Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the Index determined by 
the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (i) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date; and

--- Page 1007 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1007 - 
(B) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each 
Index comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount equal to the official closing level or 
official opening level, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, of such Index or, in 
relation to a Composite Index, the official closing level of such Index as published by the 
relevant Index Sponsor, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of such Index determined by the 
Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (i) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date 
or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, in 
either case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the 
case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index (other than a Component 
Security Index), the Strike Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price in 
the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or if not practicable, 
determine the relevant level or price by determining the level of the Index as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the Index 
(or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for 
the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day); or 
(B) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Component Security Index, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or not practicable, determine the relevant level or 
price by determining the relevant level for such Component Security Index using the 
formula for and method of calculating such Component Security Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using: 
(i) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event 
on the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such 
Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled Strike Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected Component 
Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Strike Date, the 
exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected Component Security on the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which no Market Disruption Event occurs

--- Page 1008 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1008 - 
or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, unless each of 
the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is 
a day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to 
the Affected Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the value, amount, level or price of such Affected Component Security 
using its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of the relevant 
Affected Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
the Strike Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above 
provisions; or 
(C) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a Basket of 
Component Security Indices), the Strike Date for each Index, not affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Strike Date, and the Strike Date for each Index, 
affected (each an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item 
unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level, value or price using, in relation to the Affected Item, the 
level, value or price as applicable, determined in the manner set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, or, if not set out or if not practicable, using the level of that Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula 
for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first 
Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that Index (or, 
if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for 
the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; or 
(D) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Component Security Indices, 
the Strike Date for each Component Security Index not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Strike Date, and for each Component Security Index 
affected (an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level or price in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if not set out or not practicable, determine the relevant level or price by determining the 
level of that Component Security Index using the formula for and method of calculating that 
Component Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day, 
using: 
(i) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event 
on the Scheduled Strike Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such 
Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the Scheduled Strike Date; and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected Component 
Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the Scheduled Strike Date, the 
exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected Component Security on the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which no Market Disruption Event occurs

--- Page 1009 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1009 - 
or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, unless each of 
the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is 
a day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to 
the Affected Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the value, amount, level or price of such Affected Component Security 
using its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of the relevant 
Affected Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day; and 
the Strike Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above 
provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day"; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(A) 
in the case of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or 
otherwise: (i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such 
Component Security; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the Index on the 
Related Exchange; and 
(B) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation 
imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether 
by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more 
of the level of such Index on any relevant Exchange(s) or (b) in futures or options contracts 
relating to such Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means, (i) in respect of the Notes and Certificates (other than in respect of Open 
End Notes and Open End Certificates), the Interest Valuation Date and/or the Redemption Valuation 
Date, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day and (ii) in respect of the Warrants, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following the Actual Exercise Date of the relevant Warrant, unless, 
in the case of either (i) or (ii), in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index (other than a Component 
Security Index), the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact 
that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant 
value, level or price in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or 
if not practicable, determine the relevant value, level or price by determining the level of 
the Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in

--- Page 1010 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1010 - 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security 
comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect 
of the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(B) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Component Security Index, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price in the manner set out in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not set out or not practicable, determine the relevant level or 
price by determining the relevant level for such Component Security Index using the 
formula for and method of calculating such Component Security Index last in effect prior 
to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using: 
(1) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event 
on the scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such 
Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the scheduled Valuation Date; 
and 
(2) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected Component 
Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the scheduled Valuation Date, the 
exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected Component Security on the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which no Market Disruption Event occurs 
or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, unless each of 
the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Valuation 
Date is a day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with 
respect to the Affected Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the value, amount, level or price of such Affected Component 
Security using its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of the 
relevant Affected Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above 
provisions; or 
(C) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Indices (other than a Basket of 
Component Security Indices), the Valuation Date for each Index, not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation 
Date for each Index, affected (each an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating 
to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last 
such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the 
Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level or price using, in relation to the 
Affected Item, the level, value or price as applicable, determined in the manner set out in 
the applicable Final Terms, or, if not set out or if not practicable, using the level of that 
Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of

--- Page 1011 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1011 - 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security 
comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect 
of the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day) and otherwise in accordance with the above 
provisions; or 
 (D) 
in the case of Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Component Security Indices, 
the Valuation Date for each Component Security Index not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the scheduled Valuation Date, and for each Component Security 
Index affected (an "Affected Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant level or price in the manner set out in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if not set out or not practicable, determine the relevant level or price by 
determining the level of that Component Security Index using the formula for and method 
of calculating that Component Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
first Disrupted Day, using: 
(i) 
in respect of each Component Security not affected by a Market Disruption Event 
on the scheduled Valuation Date, the exchange traded or quoted price of such 
Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the scheduled Valuation Date; 
and 
(ii) 
in respect of each Component Security affected (each, an "Affected Component 
Security") by a Market Disruption Event on the scheduled Valuation Date, the 
exchange traded or quoted price for each Affected Component Security on the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day on which no Market Disruption Event occurs 
or is continuing with respect to the Affected Component Security, unless each of 
the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Valuation 
Date is a day on which a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with 
respect to the Affected Component Security, in which case, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the value, amount, level or price of such Affected Component 
Security using its good faith estimate of the value, amount, level or price of the 
relevant Affected Component Security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; and 
the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the earliest date on which the Calculation Agent 
determines the level of the Component Security Index in accordance with the above 
provisions. 
In the case of Open End Notes or Open End Certificates (other than Put/Call Open End 
Notes or Put/Call Open End Certificates) and, for the purposes of the applicable Final 
Terms, the date designated as the Redemption Valuation Date by the Issuer, provided that 
such date is determined by the Issuer and notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes or to the Certificateholders, as the case may be, in accordance 
with Condition 19 of the Certificates at the latest on the tenth (10th) Business Day preceding 
the contemplated Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(A) 
the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(B) 
if not specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 1012 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1012 - 
(x) 
in the case of a Composite Index, means in respect of such Index: (i) for the 
purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event has occurred: (a) in 
respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange 
in respect of such Component Security, and (b) in respect of any options contracts 
or futures contracts on the Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and 
(ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of the 
Index is calculated and published by the Index Sponsor; or 
(y) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, means the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the Exchange on the relevant date. If the Exchange closes prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual 
closing time for its regular trading session, then the Valuation Time shall be such 
actual closing time.  
5.
Custom Index 
Index Linked Conditions 6 to 8 (inclusive) apply if "Custom Index" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of Index Linked 
Conditions 6 to 8 and the other Index Linked Conditions, the provisions of Index Linked Conditions 
6 to 8 shall prevail. 
6.
Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption 
(A) 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Custom Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is 
calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Custom Index Sponsor") 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (ii) replaced by a successor custom index using, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for 
and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Custom Index, then in each case 
that custom index (the "Successor Custom Index") will be deemed to be the Custom Index. 
(B) 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption 
If (i) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date or the 
last Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Custom Index or 
in any other way materially modifies that Custom Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Custom Index in the event of changes 
in constituent components and capitalisation, contracts or commodities and other routine 
events) (a "Custom Index Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Custom Index 
and no Successor Custom Index exists (a "Custom Index Cancellation"), or (ii) on a Strike 
Date a Valuation Date, an Observation Date or an Averaging Date, the Index Sponsor or (if 
applicable) the Successor Custom Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant 
Custom Index or it is not a Custom Index Business Day (a "Custom Index Disruption 
Event" and, together with a Custom Index Modification and a Custom Index Cancellation, 
each a "Custom Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(1)  
in the case of Custom Index Linked Securities relating to a single Custom Index 
where Scheduled Custom Index Business Days (Single Custom Index Basis) is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
(i) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption Event 
which occurs or is occurring on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging 
Date or last Observation Date, then such Valuation Date, Averaging Date

--- Page 1013 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1013 - 
or Observation Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day on which a Custom Index 
Disruption Event is not occurring, unless there is a Custom Index 
Disruption Event on each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the scheduled Valuation Date, Averaging Date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, in which case the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day shall be deemed to be 
the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may 
be, notwithstanding the Custom Index Disruption and the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant value, level or price by using 
commercially reasonable efforts to determine the level of the Custom Index 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day in accordance with the formulae for and method of 
calculating the Custom Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
Custom Index Disruption Event and using its good faith estimate of the 
value for the components of the Custom Index; 
(ii)  
following a Custom Index Modification or Custom Index Cancellation at 
any time or a Custom Index Disruption Event (which in the latter case 
occurs or is occurring on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date (other than 
the last Averaging Date), an Observation Date (other than the last 
Observation Date) or a Valuation Date (other than the last Valuation Date), 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Custom Index Adjustment 
Event has a material effect on the Securities and, if so:  
 (I) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index 
Disruption Event which occurs or is occurring on the Strike Date, 
an Averaging Date, a Valuation Date or an Observation Date, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Strike Date, relevant 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
(in the case of the Strike Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an 
Averaging Date, a Valuation Date or an Observation Date, as the 
case may be) unless there is a Custom Index Disruption Event on 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the scheduled Strike Date, 
Averaging Date, Valuation Date or Observation Date, as the case 
may be, in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
shall be deemed to be the Strike Date, Averaging Date, Valuation 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be (irrespective, in 
the case of an Averaging Date, a Valuation Date or an 
Observation Date, of whether that last consecutive Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day is already an Averaging Date, a 
Valuation Date or an Observation Date, as the case may be) and 
may determine the relevant value, level or price by using 
commercially reasonable efforts to determine a level of the 
Custom Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in 
accordance with the formulae for and method of calculating the 
Custom Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Custom

--- Page 1014 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1014 - 
Index Disruption Event and using its good faith estimate of the 
value for the components of the Custom Index; or 
 (II) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts 
to select a successor index with a substantially similar strategy 
as the original Custom Index and, upon selection of such index, 
the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of 
Securities and such index shall become the Successor Custom 
Index and shall be deemed to be the "Custom Index" for the 
purpose of the Securities and the Calculation Agent will make 
such adjustment, if any, to one or more of the terms of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate; or 
 (III) 
the Calculation Agent may determine in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner such other appropriate 
adjustments, if any, to be made to the terms of the Securities to 
account for the Custom Index Adjustment Event and determine 
the effective date of those adjustments; or 
 (IV) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, unless Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of Custom Index Adjustment Event, 
Highest Value or Market Value is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may require 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or Certificates, as applicable, in 
which case it will so notify the Issuer and the Issuer will give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes or to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 
19 of the Certificates, as the case may be. If the Notes or 
Certificates are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to 
each Noteholder or Certificateholder, as the case may be, in 
respect of each redeemed Note or Certificate equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 7(e) of the 
Notes or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates, as applicable. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or as 
to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates (as applicable); or 
 (V) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, if Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of Custom Index Adjustment Event 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on 
the Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) or on the Redemption 
Date (in the case of Certificates) the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note or Certificate, as applicable, at an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (x) the Protected Amount 
(specified in the applicable Final Terms) and (y) the Swap Early 
Termination Amount (if any). 
For the purposes of this Index Linked Condition 6(B)(1)(ii)(V) 
"Swap Early Termination Amount" means an amount (if any) 
equal to, in respect of each Note or Certificate, and subject to a 
minimum of zero, a pro rata share of the sum of (1) the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement)

--- Page 1015 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1015 - 
received by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement in connection 
with the termination of the Swap Agreement in whole or in part 
and (2) any interest which has accrued in respect of the amount 
of such Early Termination Amount received by the Issuer (which 
may be a positive or negative figure); or 
 (VI) 
in the case of Warrants only, the Issuer may cancel the Warrants 
by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 of the Warrants.  If the Warrants are so cancelled 
the Issuer will pay an amount to each holder in respect of each 
Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each Unit, as the case may be, held by him which amount shall 
be equal to the Early Termination Amount in accordance with 
Condition 8(c) of the Warrants.  Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 17 of the Warrants; or 
(VII) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and 
pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid 
on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix) 
(in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(viii) 
(in the case of Certificates); 
(VIII) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and 
pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid 
on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) 
(in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(ix) 
(in the case of Certificates); 
(IX) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates redeem all but not some only of the Securities and 
pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid 
on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(xi) 
(in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(x) (in 
the case of Certificates); or 
(X) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, where one of Highest 
Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Custom 
Index Adjustment Event, if the Calculation Agent determines

--- Page 1016 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1016 - 
that such Custom Index Adjustment Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Index Linked Condition 6(B)(1)(ii)(X) is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 
of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities 
and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with Condition 7(v) (in the case of 
Notes) or in accordance with Condition 7(b)(in the case of 
Certificates) on the basis that ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind 
Costs applies; or 
 (XI) 
in the case of a Custom Index Modification which occurs on the 
last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last Observation 
Date only, the Calculation Agent may elect to calculate the level 
of the Custom Index, using in lieu of the published level for the 
Custom Index as of the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, the level of the Custom 
Index as of that date determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the 
Custom Index last in effect prior to the Custom Index 
Modification but using only those components that comprised 
the Custom Index prior to the Custom Index Modification;  
(2)  
in the case of Custom Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Custom 
Indices where Scheduled Custom Index Business Days (All Custom Indices Basis) 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
(i)
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption which 
occurs or is occurring in respect of any Custom Index (each an "Affected 
Custom Index") on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last 
Observation Date, then such Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be, for all Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom 
Indices shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
on which a Custom Index Disruption Event is not occurring in respect of any 
of the Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices, unless there is a 
Custom Index Disruption Event in respect of any one of the Custom Indices 
in the Basket of Custom Indices on each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, in which case the 
last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as 
the case may be, for all Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices, 
notwithstanding the Custom Index Disruption Event in respect of an 
Affected Custom Index and the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
relevant value, level or price by using (X) in respect of any Custom Index 
which is not an Affected Custom Index, the method provided for in these 
Index Linked Conditions and (Y) in respect of any Custom Index in the 
Basket of Custom Indices which is an Affected Custom Index, commercially 
reasonable efforts to determine the level of the relevant Custom Index as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day in accordance with the formulae for and method of calculating

--- Page 1017 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1017 - 
the relevant Custom Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Custom 
Index Disruption Event and using its good faith estimate of the value for the 
components of the Custom Index; 
(ii)
following a Custom Index Modification or Custom Index Cancellation at any 
time or a Custom Index Disruption Event (which in the latter case occurs or 
is occurring on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date (other than the last 
Averaging Date), an Observation Date (other than the last Observation Date) 
or a Valuation Date (other than the last Valuation Date) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine if such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Securities and, if so: 
(I) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index 
Disruption Event which occurs or is occurring on the Strike Date, 
a Valuation Date, an Averaging Date or an Observation Date, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Strike Date, relevant 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for all 
Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the case of 
the Strike Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date, 
a Valuation Date  or an Observation Date, as the case may be) on 
which a Custom Index Disruption Event is not occurring in respect 
of any Custom Index (each an "Affected Custom Index") 
comprised in the Basket of Custom Indices unless there is a 
Custom Index Disruption Event on each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following 
the scheduled Strike Date, Averaging Date, Valuation Date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, in which case the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day shall be deemed to be the 
Strike Date, Averaging Date, Valuation Date or Observation Date, 
as the case may be (irrespective, in the case of an Averaging Date, 
a Valuation Date or an Observation Date, of whether that last 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day is already an 
Averaging Date, a Valuation Date or an Observation Date, as the 
case may be) for all Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom 
Indices and may determine the relevant value, level or price by 
using (X) in respect of any Custom Index in the Basket of Custom 
Indices which is not an Affected Custom Index, the method 
provided for in these Index Linked Conditions and (Y) in respect 
of any Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices which is an 
Affected Custom Index, commercially reasonable efforts to 
determine a level of the relevant Custom Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day in accordance with the formulae for and method of 
calculating the relevant Custom Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption Event and using its 
good faith estimate of the value for the components of the Custom 
Index; or 
(II) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts to 
select a successor index with a substantially similar strategy as the 
original Custom Index and, upon selection of such index, the

--- Page 1018 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1018 - 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of Securities 
and such index shall become the Successor Custom Index and shall 
be deemed to be a "Custom Index" for the purpose of the Securities 
and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to 
one or more of the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate; or 
(III) 
the Calculation Agent may determine in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner such other appropriate 
adjustments, if any, to be made to the terms of the Securities to 
account for the Custom Index Adjustment Event and determine the 
effective date of those adjustments; or 
(IV) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, unless Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of Custom Index Adjustment Event, 
Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent may require the Issuer to redeem the Notes or Certificates, 
as applicable, in which case it will so notify the Issuer and the 
Issuer will give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes or to the Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates. If the Notes or 
Certificates are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each 
Noteholder or Certificateholder, as the case may be, in respect of 
each redeemed Note or Certificate equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Condition 7(e) of the Notes or 
Condition 8(e) of the Certificates, as applicable. Payments will be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates (as applicable); or 
(V) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, if Delayed Redemption 
on Occurrence of Custom Index Adjustment Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the Maturity 
Date (in the case of Notes) or on the Redemption Date (in the case 
of Certificates) the Issuer shall redeem each Note or Certificate, as 
applicable, at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of (x) the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and (y) the Swap Early Termination Amount (if any). 
For the purposes of this Index Linked Condition 6(B)(2)(ii)(V) 
"Swap Early Termination Amount" means an amount (if any) 
equal to, in respect of each Note or Certificate, and subject to a 
minimum of zero, a pro rata share of the sum of (1) the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
received by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement in connection 
with the termination of the Swap Agreement in whole or in part 
and (2) any interest which has accrued in respect of the amount of 
such Early Termination Amount received by the Issuer (which 
may be a positive or negative figure); or

--- Page 1019 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1019 - 
(VI) 
in the case of Warrants only, the Issuer may cancel the Warrants 
by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 of the Warrants.  If the Warrants are so cancelled the 
Issuer will pay an amount to each holder in respect of each Warrant 
or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, 
as the case may be, held by him which amount shall be equal to 
the Early Termination Amount in accordance with Condition 8(c) 
of the Warrants.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 
of the Warrants; or 
(VII) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and 
pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid 
on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix) 
(in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(viii) 
(in the case of Certificates); 
(VIII) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and 
pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid 
on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) 
(in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(ix)  
(in the case of Certificates); 
(IX) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates redeem all but not some only of the Securities and 
pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid 
on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(xi) 
(in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(x)  
(in the case of Certificates); or 
(X) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, where one of Highest 
Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Custom 
Index Adjustment Event, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Custom Index Adjustment Event constitutes a force 
majeure, and if Index Linked Condition 6(B)(2)(ii)(X) is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 
of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities

--- Page 1020 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1020 - 
and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid 
on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(v) (in 
the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 7(b) (in the 
case of Certificates) on the basis that ERE Force Majeure/No 
Unwind Costs applies; or 
(XI) 
in the case of a Custom Index Modification which occurs in 
respect of a Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices which 
occurs on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last 
Observation Date only, the Calculation Agent may elect to 
calculate the level of such Custom Index, using in lieu of the 
published level for the Custom Index as of the Valuation Date, 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, the level 
of the Custom Index as of that date determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the Custom Index last in effect prior to the Custom 
Index Modification but using only those components that 
comprised the Custom Index prior to the Custom Index 
Modification;  
(3)  
in the case of Custom Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Custom 
Indices where Scheduled Custom Index Business Days (Per Custom Index Basis) 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
(i)
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index Disruption which 
occurs or is occurring on the last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last 
Observation Date, then the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be, for each Custom Index not affected by the 
occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption Event shall be the scheduled last 
Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last Observation Date, as the case 
may be, and the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the 
case may be, for each Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices affected 
by the Custom Index Disruption (each an "Affected Custom Index") shall 
be the first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day on which a 
Custom Index Disruption is not occurring in respect of such Affected 
Custom Index, unless there is a Custom Index Disruption on each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
scheduled Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case 
may be, in which case the last such consecutive Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or 
Observation Date, as the case may be, for the relevant Affected Custom 
Index and the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level or 
price by using commercially reasonable efforts to determine the level of the 
relevant Affected Custom Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in accordance with the 
formulae for and method of calculating the relevant Affected Custom Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption and 
using its good faith estimate of the value for the components of the Affected 
Custom Index; 
(ii)
following a Custom Index Modification or Custom Index Cancellation at any 
time or a Custom Index Disruption (which in the latter case occurs or is

--- Page 1021 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1021 - 
occurring on the Strike Date, an Averaging Date (other than the last 
Averaging Date), an Observation Date (other than the last Observation Date) 
or a Valuation Date (other than the last Valuation Date) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine if such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Securities and, if so :  
(I) 
if the Custom Index Adjustment Event is a Custom Index 
Disruption which occurs or is occurring on the Strike Date, an 
Averaging Date, a Valuation Date or Observation Date, the 
Calculation Agent may determine that the Strike Date, relevant 
Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for each 
Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices not affected by the 
occurrence of the Custom Index Disruption shall be the scheduled 
Strike Date, Averaging Date, Valuation Date or Observation Date, 
as the case may be, and the Strike Date, Averaging Date, Valuation 
Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, for each Custom 
Index in the Basket of Custom Indices affected by the Custom 
Index Disruption (each an "Affected Custom Index") shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (in the 
case of the Strike Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging 
Date, a Valuation Date or an Observation Date, as the case may 
be) on which a Custom Index Disruption is not occurring in respect 
of such Affected Custom Index unless there is a Custom Index 
Disruption on each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Strike 
Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, in 
which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Strike Date, Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be (irrespective, in the case of an Averaging 
Date, a Valuation Date or an Observation Date, of whether that 
last consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day is already 
an Averaging Date, a Valuation Date or an Observation Date, as 
the case may be) for the relevant Affected Custom index and may 
determine the relevant value, level or price by using commercially 
reasonable efforts to determine a level of the relevant Affected 
Custom Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Custom Index Business Day in accordance 
with the formulae for and method of calculating the relevant 
Affected Custom Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the 
Custom Index Disruption and using its good faith estimate of the 
value for the components of the Custom Index; or 
(II) 
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts to 
select a successor index with a substantially similar strategy as the 
original Custom Index and, upon selection of such index, the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Holders of Securities 
and such index shall become the Successor Custom Index and shall 
be deemed to be a "Custom Index" for the purpose of the Securities 
and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to 
one or more of the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent

--- Page 1022 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1022 - 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate; or 
(III) 
the Calculation Agent may determine in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner such other appropriate 
adjustments, if any, to be made to the terms of the Securities to 
account for the Custom Index Adjustment Event and determine the 
effective date of those adjustments; or 
(IV) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, unless Delayed 
Redemption on Occurrence of Custom Index Adjustment Event, 
Highest Value or Market Value are specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent may require 
the Issuer to redeem the Notes or Certificates, as applicable, in 
which case it will so notify the Issuer and the Issuer will give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes or to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 
of the Certificates. If the Notes or Certificates are so redeemed the 
Issuer will pay an amount to each Noteholder or Certificateholder 
in respect of each redeemed Note or Certificate equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 7(e) of the 
Notes or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates, as applicable. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to 
the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates; or  
(V) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, if Delayed Redemption 
on Occurrence of Custom Index Adjustment Event is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the Maturity 
Date (in the case of Notes) or on the Redemption Date (in the case 
of Certificates) the Issuer shall redeem each Note or Certificate, as 
applicable, at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of (x) the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and (y) the Swap Early Termination Amount (if any). 
For the purposes of this Index Linked Condition 6(B)(3)(ii)(V) 
"Swap Early Termination Amount" means an amount (if any) 
equal to, in respect of each Note or Certificate, and subject to a 
minimum of zero, a pro rata share of the sum of (1) the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) 
received by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement in connection 
with the termination of the Swap Agreement in whole or in part 
and (2) any interest which has accrued in respect of the amount of 
such Early Termination Amount received by the Issuer (which 
may be a positive or negative figure); or  
(VI) 
in the case of Warrants only, the Issuer may cancel the Warrants 
by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 of the Warrants.  If the Warrants are so cancelled the 
Issuer will pay an amount to each holder in respect of each Warrant 
or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, 
as the case may be, held by him which amount shall be the fair 
market value of a Warrant or a Unit, equal to the Early

--- Page 1023 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1023 - 
Termination Amount in accordance with Condition 8(c) of the 
Warrants.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 of 
the Warrants; or 
(VII) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
18 
of 
the 
Notes 
or 
to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and 
pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on 
such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix) (in 
the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(viii)  (in 
the case of Certificates); or 
(VIII) if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
18 
of 
the 
Notes, 
or 
to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and 
pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on 
such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) (in 
the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(ix)  (in 
the case of Certificates); or 
(IX) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
18 
of 
the 
Notes, 
or 
to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates redeem all but not some only of the Securities (in the 
case of Notes and Certificates) and pay to each Holder of 
Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, 
in accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) (in the case of Notes) or in 
accordance with Condition 8(e)(x)  (in the case of Certificates); 
or 
(X) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Custom Index 
Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, and if Index 
Linked Condition 6(B)(3)(ii)(X) is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance 
with 
Condition 
18 
of 
the 
Notes, 
or 
to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and 
pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities, an amount in respect 
of each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and 
paid on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(v) 
(in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 7(b)(in the 
case of Certificates) on the basis that ERE Force Majeure/No 
Unwind Costs applies; or

--- Page 1024 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1024 - 
(XI) 
in the case of a Custom Index Modification which occurs in 
respect of a Custom Index in the Basket of Custom Indices on the 
last Valuation Date, last Averaging Date or last Observation Date 
only, the Calculation Agent may elect to calculate the level of such 
Custom Index, using in lieu of the published level for the Custom 
Index as of the Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation 
Date, as the case may be, the level of the Custom Index as of that 
date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the Custom Index last in 
effect prior to the Custom Index Modification but using only those 
components that comprised the Custom Index prior to the Custom 
Index Modification. 
(C) 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of a Custom Index Adjustment Event, 
the Calculation Agent is under no duty to consider the interests of Holders of Securities or 
any other person.  In making any determination as to which action to take following the 
occurrence of a Custom Index Adjustment Event, (to the extent permitted by any applicable 
law) none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty shall be responsible 
for any loss (including liability in respect of interest), underperformance or opportunity cost 
suffered or incurred by Holders of Securities or any other person in connection with the 
Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in making 
any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities. 
(D)
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Agent of any 
determination made by it pursuant to Index Linked Condition 6(B) and the action proposed 
to be taken in relation thereto and the Calculation Agent shall make available for inspection 
by Holders of Securities copies of any such determinations. 
7.
Correction of Custom Index 
If the level of the Custom Index published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation 
Agent to make any determination under the Securities, is subsequently corrected and the correction 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor within the number of days equal to the Custom Index 
Correction Period of the original publication, the level to be used shall be the level of the Custom 
Index as so corrected, except that any corrections published after the day which is three Business 
Days prior to a due date for payment under the relevant Securities calculated by reference to the level 
of the Custom Index will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
the relevant amount to be paid. 
8.
Definitions relating to the Custom Indices 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity; 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Index Linked Condition 6(B) (Modification and Cessation of 
Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption) shall apply;

--- Page 1025 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1025 - 
"Banking Day" means any day other than each Saturday and Sunday and 25 December and 1 January 
in any year; 
"Basket of Custom Indices" means a basket comprised of two or more Custom Indices; 
"Closing Level" means in respect of a Custom Index, and a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day 
the level of such Custom Index published by the Index Sponsor in respect of such day, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index Linked Condition 6; 
"Custom Index" or "Custom Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 6, 
the custom index or custom indices specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly; 
"Custom Index Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Custom Index, Custom Index 
Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Custom Indices, Custom 
Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) or Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index 
Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if no such specification 
is made in the applicable Final Terms, Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) shall 
apply;  
"Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (i) on which the level of the Custom Index is calculated and made available and (ii) 
that is a Custom Index Trading Day in respect of all Custom Indices in the Basket of Custom Indices; 
"Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)" means, in respect of a Custom Index, 
any Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (i) on which the level of the Custom Index is calculated 
and made available and (ii) that is a Custom Index Trading Day; 
"Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day (i) on which the level of the Custom Index is calculated and made available and (ii) 
that is a Custom Index Trading Day; 
"Custom Index Correction Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms or if 
none is so specified, ten (10) Scheduled Custom Index Business Days following the date on which 
the original level was calculated and made available by the Index Sponsor and being the date after 
which all corrections to the level of the Custom Index shall be disregarded for the purposes of any 
calculations to be made using the level of the Custom Index; 
"Custom Index Trading Day" means in respect of a Custom Index, a day with respect to which the 
Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates determines acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner it is able to hedge its obligations in respect of such Custom Index under the 
Securities; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Custom Index Business Day on which a Custom Index 
Disruption has occurred or is continuing in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable; 
"Index Sponsor" means in relation to a Custom Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is 
responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Custom Index and (b) ensures the calculation and publication of 
the level of such Custom Index on a regular basis (directly or through an agent) in accordance with 
the rules of the Custom Index, which as of the Issue Date of the Securities is the index sponsor 
specified for such Custom Index in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 1026 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1026 - 
"Intraday Level" means in respect of a Custom Index and any time on a Custom Index Business 
Day, the level of such Custom Index published by the Index Sponsor in respect of such time or such 
day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index Linked Condition 6; 
"Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Index Linked Condition 6(B) (Modification and Cessation of 
Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption) above shall apply; 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Custom Index, 
Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket 
of Custom Indices, Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) or Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (All Custom Indices Basis)" means any Banking Day (i) 
on which the level of the Custom Index is scheduled to be calculated and made available and (ii) that 
is scheduled to be a Custom Index Trading Day in respect of all Custom Indices in the Basket of 
Custom Indices; 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Per Custom Index Basis)" means in respect of a Custom 
Index, any Banking Day on which (i) the level of the Custom Index is scheduled to be calculated and 
made available and (ii) that is scheduled to be a Custom Index Trading Day; 
"Scheduled Custom Index Business Day (Single Custom Index Basis)" means any Banking Day 
(i) on which the level of the Custom Index is scheduled to be calculated and made available and (ii) 
that is scheduled to be a Custom Index Trading Day;  
"Settlement Price" means in relation to each Cash Settled Note or Certificate, subject to the 
provisions of this Annex and as referred to in "Valuation Date" or "Averaging Date" or "Observation 
Date" contained herein, as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Custom Indices and 
in respect of each Custom Index comprising the Basket of Custom Indices, an amount 
(which shall be deemed to be a monetary value in the Index Currency) equal to the level for 
each such Custom Index as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the level of each such Custom Index determined by the Calculation 
Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is 
not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of the "Strike Date", "Knock-in 
Determination Day", "Knock-out Determination Day", "Observation Date" or the Valuation 
Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and, 
in either case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Securities relating to a single Custom Index, an amount 
equal to the level of the Custom Index as published by the Index Sponsor as determined by 
the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the 
Custom Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms 
at the Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, any 
of the "Strike Date", "Knock-in Determination Day", "Knock-out Determination Day",

--- Page 1027 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1027 - 
"Observation Date" or the "Valuation Date" or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, an "Averaging Date"; 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the 
case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, 20 Scheduled Custom Index Business Days; 
"Strike Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such day 
is not a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Custom 
Index Business Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Index Linked Condition 6(B) (Modification and Cessation of 
Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption) above shall apply; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day"; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike Price" means unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, and subject as 
referred to in "Strike Date" above: 
(i) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Securities relating to a single Custom Index, an amount 
equal to the level of the Custom Index as published by the Index Sponsor as determined by 
the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the 
Custom Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms 
at the Valuation Time on the Strike Date; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Custom Index Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Custom Indices and 
in respect of each Custom Index comprising the Basket of Custom Indices, an amount equal 
to the level of each such Custom Index published by the relevant Index Sponsor, in each 
case as determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the level of such Custom Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the 
applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on the Strike Date multiplied by the relevant 
Weighting. 
"Successor Custom Index Sponsor" means in relation to a Successor Custom Index, the index 
sponsor thereof; 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Custom Index Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on 
which another Averaging Date or another Observation Date does not occur;  
"Valuation Date" means, (i) in respect of the Notes and Certificates, the Interest Valuation Date 
and/or Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Custom Index 
Business Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Custom Index Business Day and (ii) in respect 
of the Warrants, the first Scheduled Trading Day following the Actual Exercise Date of the relevant 
Warrant, unless, in the case of either (i) or (ii), in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is 
a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Index Linked Condition 6(B) (Modification and 
Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption) shall apply; and

--- Page 1028 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1028 - 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the time by 
reference to which the Index Sponsor determines the level of the Custom Index. 
9.
Equity Custom Index Provisions 
If an Index is specified as a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms and in respect of such 
Index the Asset Class Type is specified as "Equity Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of such Index, Index Linked Conditions 6 to 8 will apply, as amended and supplemented by 
Index Linked Conditions 10 to 13 below. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions 
of Index Linked Conditions 9 to 13 and the other Index Linked Conditions (including Index Linked 
Conditions 6 to 8), the provisions of Index Linked Conditions 9 to 13 shall prevail. 
10.
General (Equity Custom Index) 
All references in the Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions to a "Custom Index" shall, in 
respect of such Custom Index, be deemed to be to an Equity Custom Index. All references in the 
Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions to a "Custom Index Business Day" or a "Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day" shall, in respect of such Custom Index be deemed to be to a "Scheduled 
Trading Day". 
11.
Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption 
11.1
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption  
Index Linked Condition 6.2 shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"If (a) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date or the last 
Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change 
in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Custom Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that Custom Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain that Custom Index in the event of changes in constituent stock and capitalisation 
and other routine events) (a "Custom Index Modification"), or permanently cancels the relevant 
Custom Index and no Successor Custom Index exists (a "Custom Index Cancellation"), or (b) on 
the Strike Date, a Valuation Date, an Observation Date or an Averaging Date, the Index Sponsor or 
(if applicable) the Successor Custom Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant 
Custom Index (a "Custom Index Disruption Event" and, together with a Custom Index 
Modification and a Custom Index Cancellation, each a "Custom Index Adjustment Event"), except 
as may be limited in the case of U.S. Securities, then: 
(a)
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price 
using, in lieu of a published level for that Custom Index, the level for that Custom Index as 
at the Valuation Time on that Strike Date, that Valuation Date, that Observation Date or that 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating that Custom Index last in effect prior to the 
change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that comprised that Custom 
Index immediately prior to that Custom Index Adjustment Event; or 
(b)
the Calculation Agent may replace the relevant Custom Index with a new similar index, 
multiplied, if need be by a linking coefficient to ensure continuity in the condition of the 
underlying of the Securities; or 
(c)
(i) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Custom Index Adjustment Event, 
Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by

--- Page 1029 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1029 - 
giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the Notes or 
Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates, as applicable. If the Securities are so 
redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Holder in respect of each Security 
being redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value of such Security taking 
into account the Custom Index Adjustment Event, less, except if Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the Notes or Condition 19 
(Notices) of the Certificates, as applicable; or 
(ii)
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Custom Index Adjustment Event is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall calculate the fair market value of each Security taking into account the Custom 
Index Adjustment Event less, except if Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (the "Calculated Custom 
Index Adjustment Amount") as soon as practicable following the occurrence of the 
Custom Index Adjustment  Event (the "Calculated Custom Index Adjustment 
Amount Determination Date") and on the Redemption Date shall redeem each 
Security at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to (x) the 
Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Amount plus interest accrued from and 
including the Calculated Custom Index Adjustment Amount Determination Date to 
but excluding the Redemption Date at a rate equal to Issuer's funding cost at such 
time or (y) if Principal Protected Termination Amount is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if greater, the Protected Amount 
(specified in the applicable Final Terms); or 
(iii)
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the 
Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Security held 
by such Holder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Condition 7(e)(ix) of the Notes or Condition 8(e)(viii) of the Certificates; or if 
Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the 
Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Security held 
by such Holder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Condition 7(e)(x) of the Notes or Condition 8(e)(ix) of the Certificates; or 
(iv)
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) 
of the Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates, redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Security 
held by such Holder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance 
with Condition 7(e)(xi) of the Notes or Condition 8(e)(x) of the Certificates; or 
(v)
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Index Adjustment Event constitutes 
a force majeure, and if Index Linked Condition 6.2(c)(vi) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Holders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices) of the Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder

--- Page 1030 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1030 - 
an amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder, which amount shall be 
equal to the fair market value of a Security, taking into account such event (provided 
that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to 
early redeem the Securities at their fair market value) and no such costs shall be 
deducted), such amount to be paid to the Holders on the date notified to the Holders 
in the notice of early redemption.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities 
as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Securities.". 
11.2
Equity Custom Index Market Disruption 
"Equity Custom Index Market Disruption Event" means either: 
(a)
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(i)
an Equity Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; 
(ii)
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period 
that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect of the Exchange on which such 
Component Security is principally traded; or 
(iii)
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(b)
in respect of a Multi-Exchange Index only, the aggregate of all Component Securities in 
respect of which an Equity Trading Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure 
occurs or exists comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Multi-Exchange Index. 
In the case of a Multi-Exchange Index, for the purposes of determining whether an Equity Custom 
Index Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a Component Security at any time, if an Equity 
Custom Index Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such Component Security at that time, 
then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component Security to the level of such Multi-
Exchange Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level of such Multi-
Exchange Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall level of such Multi-
Exchange Index, in each case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index 
Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) of the Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates of the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the 
Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
12.
Correction of Equity Custom Index 
Index Linked Condition 7 (Correction of Custom Index) shall be deleted and replaced with the 
following: 
"If the level of the Custom Index published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation 
Agent to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction 
is published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index Sponsor

--- Page 1031 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1031 - 
no later than five Business Days following the date of the original publication, the level to be used 
shall be the level of the Custom Index as so corrected, except that any corrections published after the 
day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities calculated by 
reference to the level of the Custom Index will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid.". 
13.
Definitions relating to Equity Custom Indices 
"Averaging Date" has the meaning given to it in Index Linked Condition 4 (Definitions) in respect 
of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index (that is a Component Security Index); 
"Component Security" means each component security comprising a Custom Index; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor fails to publish 
the level of the relevant Custom Index or (ii) an Equity Custom Index Market Disruption Event has 
occurred; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in respect of 
any Component Security prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is 
announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for 
the regular trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission 
deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
"Equity Custom Index" or "Equity Custom Indices" means, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with this Annex 2, any index or indices specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for which the 
Asset Class Type is specified as "Equity" in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Equity Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or otherwise relating to any Component Security on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of each Component Security, the principal stock exchange on which 
such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Exchange Business Day" means, in respect of a Custom Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on 
which: 
(a)
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Custom Index; and 
(b)
each Exchange in respect of such Custom Index is open for trading during its regular trading 
session, notwithstanding such Exchange(s) closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or 
impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for any Component Security on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security; 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Custom Index which the Calculation Agent determines to be a 
Multi-Exchange Index; 
"Observation Date" has the meaning given to it in Index Linked Condition 4 (Definitions); 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, in respect of a Custom Index, any day on which: 
(a)
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Custom Index; and

--- Page 1032 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1032 - 
(b)
each Exchange in respect of such Custom Index is scheduled to be open for trading during 
its regular trading session; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, eight Scheduled Trading Days; 
"Strike Date" has the meaning given to it in Index Linked Condition 4 (Definitions) in respect of 
Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index (that is a Component Security Index); and 
"Valuation Date" has the meaning given to it in Index Linked Condition 4 (Definitions) in respect 
of Index Linked Securities relating to a single Index (that is a Component Security Index). 
14.
Commodity Custom Index Provisions 
If an Index is specified as a "Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms and in respect of such 
Index the Asset Class Type is specified as "Commodity Custom Index" in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of such Index, Index Linked Conditions 6 to 8 will apply, as amended and supplemented 
by Index Linked Conditions 15 to 18 below. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions 
of Index Linked Conditions 14 to 18 and the other Index Linked Conditions (including Index linked 
Conditions 6 to 8), the provisions of Index Linked Conditions 14 to 18 shall prevail. 
15.
General (Commodity Custom Index)
All references in the Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions to a "Custom Index" shall, in 
respect of such Custom Index, be deemed to be to the Commodity Custom Index. All references in 
the Conditions and the Index Linked Conditions to a "Custom Index Business Day" or a "Scheduled 
Custom Index Business Day" shall, in respect of such Custom Index, be deemed to be to a 
"Commodity Business Day". 
16.
Adjustments to a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption 
16.1
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Custom Index and Custom Index Disruption Index 
Linked Condition 6.2 shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"If (a) on or prior to the Strike Date, the last Valuation Date, the last Observation Date or the last 
Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change 
in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Custom Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that Custom Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain that Custom Index in the event of changes in constituent contracts or 
commodities and other routine events) (a "Custom Index Modification"), or permanently cancels 
the relevant Custom Index and no Successor Custom Index exists (a "Custom Index Cancellation"), 
or (b) on the Strike Date, a Valuation Date, an Observation Date or an Averaging Date, the Index 
Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Custom Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a 
relevant Custom Index (a "Custom Index Disruption Event" and, together with a Custom Index 
Modification and a Custom Index Cancellation, each a "Custom Index Adjustment Event"), except 
as may be limited in the case of U.S. Securities, then: 
(a)
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Custom Index Adjustment Event has a 
material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the Commodity Reference Price 
using, in lieu of a published level for the relevant Custom Index, the Commodity Fallback 
Value; or  
(b)
(i) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by 
giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the Notes or

--- Page 1033 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1033 - 
Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates. If the Securities are so redeemed, the 
Issuer will pay an amount to each Holder in respect of each Security being 
redeemed at an amount equal to the fair market value of a Security, taking into 
account the Custom Index Adjustment Event, less, except if Unwind Costs are 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the Notes or Condition 19 
(Notices) of the Certificates; 
(ii)
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the 
Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Security held 
by such Holder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Condition 7(e)(ix) of the Notes or Condition 8(e)(viii) of the Certificates; 
(iii)
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the 
Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Security held 
by such Holder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Condition 7(e)(x) of the Notes or Condition 8(e)(ix) of the Certificates; or 
(iv)
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) 
of the Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates, redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Security 
held by such Holder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance 
with Condition 7(e)(xi) of the Notes or Condition 8(e)(x) of the Certificates; or 
(v)
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Commodity Index Adjustment Event 
constitutes a force majeure, and if Index Linked Condition 6.2(b)(v) is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Holders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices) of the Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder  
an amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder, which amount shall be 
equal to the fair market value of a Security, taking into account such event (provided 
that no account will be taken of costs (other than such costs that are unavoidable to 
early redeem the Securities at their fair market value) and no such costs shall be 
deducted), such amount to be  paid to the Holders on the date notified to the Holders 
in the notice of early redemption. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the Securities 
as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Securities.". 
16.2
Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption 
(a)
Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event 
"Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a relevant Custom 
Index and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence or existence of a Price Source 
Disruption, Commodity Trading Disruption, Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price, Limit

--- Page 1034 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1034 - 
Price Event, Material Change in Formula, Material Change in Content, Tax Disruption and/or an 
Index Component Disruption Event. The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable 
to Holders, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the 
Certificates of the occurrence of a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
(b)
Consequences of a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks  
Upon a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Pricing 
Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published by the Price Source), the Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, take the action described in (i), (ii) or (iii) below: 
(i)
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on the Securities 
and, if so shall calculate the relevant Interest Amount and/or Cash Settlement Amount 
and/or make any other relevant calculation using, in lieu of a published price or level for the 
relevant Custom Index the level for such Custom Index as determined by the Calculation 
Agent using the Commodity Fallback Value; or 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant Commodity Reference Price or Index 
Component with a Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, as the case may be, 
selected by it acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner (each, a 
"Substitute Commodity Reference Price" or a "Substitute Index Component") for each 
Commodity Reference Price or Index Component, as the case may be, (each, an "Affected 
Commodity Reference Price" or "Affected Index Component", as the case may be), 
which is affected by the Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event and the 
Substitute Commodity Reference Price or Substitute Index Component, as the case may be, 
will be deemed to be a "Commodity Reference Price" or an "Index Component", as the 
case may be, for the purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such 
adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, 
provided that in the event that any amount payable under the Securities was to be determined 
by reference to the Commodity Reference Price or the initial price of the Index Component, 
as the case may be, the Substitute Commodity Reference Price or the initial price of the 
Substitute Index Component, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment(s) will be deemed to be effective as of the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner which may, but need not, be the relevant date of the 
Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event. Such substitution will be notified to 
the Holders as soon as practicable after the Substitution Date in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices) of the Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates; or 
(iii)
(A) 
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the 
fair market value of such Security, less, except if Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Issuer of unwinding any 
underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, payment 
being made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) of the Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates;

--- Page 1035 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1035 - 
(B)
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the 
Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Security held 
by such Holder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Condition 7(e)(ix) of the Notes or Condition 8(e)(viii) of the Certificates; 
(C)
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the 
Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Security held 
by such Holder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Condition 7(e)(x) of the Notes or Condition 8(e)(ix) of the Certificates; or 
(D)
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) 
of the Notes or Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates, redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Security 
held by such Holder calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance 
with Condition 7(e)(x) of the Notes or Condition 8(e)(ix) of the Certificates; or 
(E)
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Commodity Custom Index Market 
Disruption Event constitutes a force majeure, and if Index Linked Condition 
16.2(b)(iii)(E) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of the Notes or 
Condition 19 (Notices) of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities and pay to each Holder an amount in respect of each Security held by 
such Holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Security, 
taking into account such event (provided that no account will be taken of costs 
(other than such costs that are unavoidable to early redeem the Securities at their 
fair market value) and no such costs shall be deducted), such amount to be paid to 
the Holders on the date notified to the Holders in the notice of early redemption. 
17.
Correction of Commodity Custom Index 
Index Linked Condition 7 shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
"With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Commodity Business 
Days prior to the due date for any payment under the Securities, if the Commodity Reference Price 
published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination 
under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange 
or any other person responsible for the publication or announcement of the Commodity Reference 
Price within 30 calendar days of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three 
Commodity Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities will be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount.". 
18.
Definitions relating to Commodity Custom Indices 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately following Commodity Business Day unless, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a day on which a Commodity Custom Index 
Market Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing, in which case the provisions of Index Linked 
Condition 16.2(b) (Consequences of a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event and 
Disruption Fallbacks) shall apply;

--- Page 1036 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1036 - 
"Commodity Business Day" means a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published 
(or, but for the occurrence of a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event, would have 
published) a price for the relevant Custom Index; 
"Commodity Custom Index" or "Commodity Custom Indices" means, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with this Annex 2, any index or indices specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for which the Asset Class Type is specified as "Commodity" in the applicable Final Terms 
comprising one or more commodities, contracts for the future delivery of a commodity, indices 
linked to a single commodity or indices comprised of multiple commodities (each an "Index 
Component"); 
"Commodity Fallback Value" means, in respect of a Custom Index, the price for such Custom 
Index, in respect of the relevant Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent using the current 
applicable method of calculating such Custom Index using the price or level for each Index 
Component determined as follows: 
(a)
in respect of each Index Component which is not affected by the Commodity Custom Index 
Market Disruption Event, the closing price or level or settlement price, as applicable, of 
such Index Component on such Pricing Date; and 
(b)
in respect of each Index Component which is affected by the Commodity Custom Index 
Market Disruption Event (each an "Affected Item"), the closing price or level or settlement 
price, as applicable, for such Affected Item on the first succeeding Pricing Date that is not 
a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Pricing Dates equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date 
is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Pricing Date shall be deemed 
to be the Pricing Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price or level of such 
Affected Item based upon the price at which the Issuer is able to sell or otherwise realise 
any hedge positions in respect of the Securities during the period of five Commodity 
Business Days following the last such consecutive Pricing Date;  
"Commodity Reference Price" means, in respect of a Pricing Date, the daily official level of the 
Custom Index, as published by the Price Source; 
"Commodity Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation 
imposed on, trading in any relevant Index Component on the Exchange. For these purposes: 
(a) 
a suspension of the trading in the Index Component on any Commodity Business Day shall 
be deemed to be material only if: 
(i)
all trading in the Index Component is suspended for the entire Pricing Date; or 
(ii)
all trading in the Index Component is suspended subsequent to the opening of 
trading on the Pricing Date, trading does not recommence prior to the regularly 
scheduled close of trading in such Index Component on such Pricing Date and such 
suspension is announced less than one hour preceding its commencement; and 
(b) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Index Component on any Commodity Business Day 
shall be deemed to be material only if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range 
within which the price of the relevant Index Component may fluctuate and the closing or 
settlement price of the relevant Index Component on such day is at the upper or lower limit 
of that range;

--- Page 1037 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1037 - 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability 
of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Index Component; 
"Disrupted Day" means any day on which a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event 
has occurred; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Custom Index, the exchange or principal trading market for each 
Index 
Component comprising such Custom Index; 
"Index Component Disruption Event" means: 
(a) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date includes, 
or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published on any date between 
the Issue Date and such Pricing Date that is not a price published by the usual exchange or 
price source (whether by a failure of such exchange or price source to publish a price for an 
Index Component or otherwise), but is a price determined by the Price Source; or  
(b) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date includes, 
or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published by the usual 
exchange or price source on any date between the Issue Date and such Pricing Date that, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has been calculated or published subject to the 
occurrence of market disruption or similar, or otherwise not in accordance with the usual, 
then-current, method used by such exchange or price source; 
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any Index Component has increased or 
decreased from the previous day's published settlement price by an amount equal to the maximum 
amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules for such Index Component. 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence after the Trade Date of a material change in 
the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Index Component; 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence after the Trade Date of a material change in 
the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price or any Index 
Component used to calculate the Commodity Reference Price; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms 
or if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately following Commodity 
Business Day. The provisions contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply if any such 
day is a day on which a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event has occurred or is 
continuing, mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to 
"Observation Date" unless Observation Day Disruption Consequences is specified as not applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms, in which case such date will be an Observation Date notwithstanding 
the occurrence of a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event and the provisions of Index 
Linked Condition 16.2(b) (Consequences of a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event 
and Disruption Fallbacks) shall apply; 
"Price Source" means the Index Sponsor; 
"Price Source Disruption" means (a) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the 
Commodity Reference Price, or (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of 
the Price Source;

--- Page 1038 ---
ANNEX 2 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1038 - 
"Pricing Date" means each date specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Strike Date, an 
Averaging Date, an Observation Date, a Valuation Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or the Valuation Date or if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Commodity Business Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case, the relevant Pricing Date shall be the first succeeding Commodity 
Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Commodity 
Business Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the 
Scheduled Pricing Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Commodity 
Business Day shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date notwithstanding the fact that such day is a 
Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall take action in accordance with the provisions of 
Index Linked Condition 16.2(b) (Consequences of a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption 
Event and Disruption Fallbacks); 
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price, expressed as the price of any Index 
Component, determined with respect to that day for the specified Commodity Reference Price 
calculated as provided in these Index Linked Conditions and the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Commodity Custom Index Market Disruption Event, would have been a Pricing Date; 
"Settlement Price" means the Commodity Reference Price; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, five Commodity Business Days; 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, 
value added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, 
any Index Component (other than a tax on, or measured by reference to overall gross or net income) 
by any government or taxation authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, 
change or removal is to raise or lower the Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing 
Date from what it would have been without that imposition, change or removal; and 
"Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 1039 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1039 - 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES  
The terms and conditions applicable to Share Linked Securities shall comprise, in the case of Notes, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), in the case of Warrants, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 9 or 11), and, in the case of Certificates, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates" above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12) as applicable (the 
"Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for payouts (as set out in Annex 1 under the heading 
"Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts" above) (the "Payout Conditions") and the additional Terms 
and Conditions set out below (the "Share Linked Conditions") and any other additional Terms and 
Conditions that may be specified in the Final Terms (the "Additional Terms and Conditions"), in each case 
subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions 
and the Share Linked Conditions, the Share Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the Conditions and/or the Share Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
1.
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Securities relating to a single Share or a Basket 
of Shares, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders of Securities in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, as applicable, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation 
Date, an Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
2.
Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(i)
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless 
resulting in a Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to 
existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(ii)
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (a) such 
Shares or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of 
dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer 
acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction 
or (d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for

--- Page 1040 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1040 - 
payment (in cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iii)
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(iv)
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of 
relevant Shares that are not fully paid; 
(v)
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its 
subsidiaries, as the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital 
and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(vi)
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an event 
that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from 
shares of common stock or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or 
arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that provides upon the occurrence of 
certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, certificates, debt instruments or 
stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be 
readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(vii)
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment 
Event, the date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant 
Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Following the declaration by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, 
of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares 
and, if so, will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Share Linked 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting  in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting 
or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant 
Share) and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, 
but need not, determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect 
of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the Shares 
traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders of Securities in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, 
as applicable, stating the adjustment to any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each 
case with respect to Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of these Share Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving 
brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event and the Potential Adjustment Event Effective 
Date.

--- Page 1041 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1041 - 
(b) 
Extraordinary Events 
(A) 
The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, 
Stapling, Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms), or, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension or CSR Event, as the case may be, 
shall be deemed to be an "Extraordinary Event", the consequences of which are 
set out in Share Linked Condition 2(b)(B) below. 
"CSR Event" means, in respect of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, any 
negative change in any Non-Financial Rating of a Basket Company when compared to such 
Non-Financial Rating as at the Issue Date of the first tranche of the Series, if such change is 
material, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"De-Listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange announces that 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded 
or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender 
Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange 
is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock 
Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective successors) or (ii) 
a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange 
(or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a Member State of the European 
Union). 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, falling after the Issue 
Date (the "Relevant Period"), (a) the difference between the bid prices and the ask prices 
in respect of a Share during the Relevant Period is greater than 1 per cent. (based on an 
arithmetic mean average over the Relevant Period), and/or (b) the arithmetic mean average 
purchase price or the arithmetic mean average selling price, determined by the Calculation 
Agent from the order book of the relevant Share on the relevant Exchange during the 
Relevant Period, in relation to the purchase or sale of Shares with a value equal to or greater 
than EUR10,000.00, is greater than MID plus 1 per cent. (in relation to a purchase of Shares) 
or lower than the MID minus 1 per cent. (in relation to a sale of Shares).  For these purposes, 
"MID" means an amount equal to (a) the sum of the bid price and the ask price, in each case 
for the relevant Share at the relevant time, (b) divided by two.   
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, 
insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, (i) all the Shares of that Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator 
or other similar official or (ii) holders of the Shares of that Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, become legally prohibited from transferring them. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease (or will 
cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant 
market of the Exchange on which such Shares were listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
Issue Date of the relevant Securities, for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender 
Offer).  
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such 
Shares on the Exchange has been suspended.

--- Page 1042 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1042 - 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (i) reclassification or change 
of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of 
such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share exchange of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may 
be, with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange in which such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of 
all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. 
of the outstanding Shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other 
than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Basket Company or its subsidiaries 
or the Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case may be, with or into another entity in 
which the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity 
and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but 
results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the relevant 
Extraordinary Event Effective Date is on or before (a) in the case of Cash Settled Notes, 
Cash Settled Warrants or Cash Settled Certificates ("Cash Settled Securities"), the last 
occurring Valuation Date or where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
final Averaging Date or (b) in the case of Physical Delivery Notes, the relevant Maturity 
Date, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the relevant Settlement Date, and in the 
case of Physical Delivery Certificates, the relevant Redemption Date. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Basket 
Company or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
"Non-Financial Rating" means the rating assigned to the Basket Company by the relevant 
non-financial rating agency being an entity assigning ratings based on corporate social 
responsibility including corporate governance and ethical business conduct, social and 
human resources policy, environmental protection policy and social initiatives (each such 
agency, a "Non-Financial Rating Agency"). 
"Stapling" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Share becomes a Stapled 
Share Constituent. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal 
or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or 
otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 
50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. (the "Percentage Range") of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(B) 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share, the Calculation Agent shall (x) to 
the extent that an equivalent adjustment has been made in respect of the relevant Swap 
Agreement, take the action described in (i), (xi) and/or (xii) (if applicable), and (y) in the 
event that the circumstances giving rise to such Extraordinary Event result in an Additional

--- Page 1043 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1043 - 
Termination Event occurring in respect of the relevant Swap Agreement, take the action 
described in either (ii) (in the case of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares), (iii), (iv), 
(v), (vi), (vii), (viii), (ix) or (x) (as applicable) as it deems appropriate: 
(i)
determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case with respect to Physical 
Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
these Share Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account 
for the relevant Extraordinary Event, and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or to the Securities.  The 
Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment 
by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant Extraordinary Event 
made by any options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options 
exchange; or 
(ii)
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, notify 
the Issuer and the Issuer will redeem the Notes or Certificates, as applicable, 
in part by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of 
the Notes or to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, or, as the case may be, cancel part of the Warrants by giving 
notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the 
Warrants. If the Securities are so redeemed in part the portion of each Note 
or Certificate (the "Redeemed Amount") or, as the case may be, the portion 
of each Warrant (the "Cancelled Amount") representing the affected 
Share(s) shall be redeemed or cancelled as the case may be, and the Issuer 
will:  
(1)
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on 
such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix) in the 
case of Notes or Condition 8(e)(viii) in the case of Certificates; or 
(2)
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on 
such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) in the 
case of Notes or  Condition 8(e)(ix); or 
(3)
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, where one of Highest 
Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of an 
Extraordinary  Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that such 
Extraordinary Event constitutes a force majeure, and if Share Linked 
Condition 2(b)(B)(ii)(3) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities, calculated and paid on 
such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(v) in (the case 
of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 7(b) (in the case of 
Certificates) on the basis that ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs 
applies; or

--- Page 1044 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1044 - 
(4)
otherwise, pay to each Holder in respect of each Security held by 
him an amount equal to the fair market value of the Redeemed 
Amount or Cancelled Amount taking into account the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the Swap 
Counterparty and/or its Affiliates of unwinding the relevant Swap 
Agreement (if any) (or part thereof) and any underlying related 
hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(iii)
the Calculation Agent shall determine acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be 
made to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in 
each case with respect to Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of these Share Linked Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for such redemption or cancellation in 
part. 
For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each Security after such 
redemption or cancellation, as the case may be, and adjustment shall remain 
outstanding with full force and effect. Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 
18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, as applicable; 
(iv)
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, unless Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of Extraordinary Event, Highest Value, Market Value or 
Monetisation Option are specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall, on giving notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to the Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable, redeem all 
but not some only of the Notes or Certificates, as applicable, each such Note 
or Certificate being redeemed at an amount equal to the Early Redemption 
Amount determined in accordance with Condition 7(e) of the Notes or 
Condition 8(e) of the Certificates, as applicable. Payments will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes or to the Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable; 
(v)
in the case of Notes and Certificates only if Delayed Redemption on 
Occurrence of Extraordinary Event is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, on the Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) or on the 
Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) the Issuer shall redeem each 
Note or Certificate, as applicable, at an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the sum of (x) the Protected Amount (specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and (y) the Swap Early Termination Amount (if 
any). 
For the purposes of this Share Linked Condition 2(b)(B)(iv) "Swap Early 
Termination Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to, in respect of each 
Note or Certificate, and subject to a minimum of zero, a pro rata share of 
the sum of (1) the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap 
Agreement) received by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement in connection 
with the termination of the Swap Agreement in whole or in part and (2) any

--- Page 1045 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1045 - 
interest which has accrued in respect of the amount of such Early 
Termination Amount received by the Issuer (which may be a positive or 
negative figure); 
(vi)
in the case of Warrants only, notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall cancel the 
Warrants by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 of the Warrants.  If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer 
will pay an amount to each holder in respect of each Warrant or, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held 
by him which amount shall be equal to the Early Termination Amount in 
accordance with Condition 8(c) of the Warrants.  Payments will be made in 
such manner as shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 of the Warrants; 
(vii)
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
of the Notes or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance 
with Condition 8(e)(viii)(in the case of Certificates); 
(viii)
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
of the Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) (in the case of Notes), in accordance with 
Condition 8(e)(ix) (in the case of Certificates); 
(ix)
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 of the Certificates redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(xi) (in the case of Notes) or 
in accordance with Condition 8(e)(x) (in the case of Certificates); or   
(x)
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, where one of Highest Value, 
Market Value or Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of an Extraordinary Event, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that such Extraordinary Event constitutes a 
force majeure and if Share Linked Condition 2(b)(B)(x) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in 
respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities, calculated and 
paid on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(v) (in the case 
of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 7(b) (in the case of Certificates) 
on the basis that ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs applies;

--- Page 1046 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1046 - 
(xi)
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares 
traded on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as is selected in respect 
of the Swap Agreement, if any (the "Options Exchange"), make a 
corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or 
the Entitlement (in each case with respect to Physical Delivery Securities) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Share Linked 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will be 
effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the 
effective date of the corresponding adjustment made by the Options 
Exchange. If options on the Shares are not traded on the Options Exchange, 
the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case with respect to 
Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of these Share Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines appropriate, with reference to the rules and precedents (if 
any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant Extraordinary 
Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given 
rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded; 
or 
(xii)
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date the Calculation 
Agent may adjust the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in 
accordance with the criteria for Share selection set out below (each, a 
"Substitute Share") for each Share (each, an "Affected Share") of each 
Basket Company (each, an "Affected Basket Company") which is affected 
by such Extraordinary Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be 
a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such shares, a "Share Company" or a 
"Basket Company" for the purposes of the Securities, and the Calculation 
Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant 
Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical 
Delivery Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of 
these Share Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount 
payable under the Securities was to be determined by reference to the Initial 
Price of the Affected Share, the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Initial Price (in the case of Notes or Certificates) / Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) = A x (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange 
on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Exercise Price in the case of Warrants or, in the case of Notes or Certificates, the 
Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant Exchange on 
the Substitution Date or, in the case of a Stapling, the official closing price of the relevant 
Affected Share on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Extraordinary 
Event Effective Date.

--- Page 1047 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1047 - 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred 
to below which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the 
Weighting of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares, the relevant share must 
satisfy the following criteria, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(a) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and 
the relevant share is not already included in the Basket of Shares, the relevant share 
shall be an ordinary share of the entity or person (other than the Affected Basket 
Company) involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer, that is, 
or that as of the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled 
to be, (i) publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system 
located in the same country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant 
Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European 
Union) and (ii) not subject to any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions 
or other trading limitations; or 
(b) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and a 
share would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (a) above, but such 
share is already included in the Basket of Shares or such share does not satisfy the 
criteria set out in the paragraph above, or in the case of an Extraordinary Event 
other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer: 
(i) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall belong to the same economic sector 
as the Affected Basket Company; 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall have a comparable market 
capitalisation, international standing and exposure as the Affected Basket 
Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
in the case of the occurrence of a CSR Event only, the relevant issuer of 
the share shall have a comparable Non-Financial Rating to the Affected 
Basket Company. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Stapling, the Affected Share may 
be substituted with the Stapled Shares and the provisions of Share Linked Condition 
11 (Extraordinary Event) shall apply in respect of such Stapled Shares. 
(C) 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary Event, the 
Calculation Agent is under no duty to consider the interests of Holders of Securities or any 
other person.  In making any determination as to which action to take following the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, (to the extent permitted by any applicable laws) none 
of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty shall be responsible for any 
loss (including liability in respect of interest), underperformance or opportunity cost 
suffered or incurred by Holders of Securities or any other person in connection with the 
Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in making 
any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 1048 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1048 - 
(D) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that more than one Extraordinary Event occurs in 
respect of a Share Company or a Basket Company, which are not connected and have 
different consequences pursuant to this Share Linked Condition 2, the Calculation Agent 
will determine which such Extraordinary Event and related consequences shall apply acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(E) 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Calculation Agent determines to take 
any action in respect thereof it shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders of 
Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or 
Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable, stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary 
Event giving details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto, 
including, in the case of a Share Substitution, the identity of the Substitute Shares and the 
Substitution Date. 
3.
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to 
the due date for any payment under the Securities, if the price of relevant Share published on a given 
day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities, 
is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant Exchange within the number 
of days equal to the Share Correction Period of the original publication, the price to be used shall be 
the price of the relevant Share as so corrected. Corrections published after the day which is three 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the Securities will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
4.
Definitions 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Averaging Date" means  
(a) 
each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is 
a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
If "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such 
date will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining 
the relevant Settlement Price provided that, if through the operation of this 
provision no Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of 
"Valuation Date" will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price, 
value or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a 
Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(B) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price, value or amount on that Averaging Date as if 
such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective 
of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would 
fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or

--- Page 1049 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1049 - 
(C) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
then: 
(i) 
where the Securities are Share Linked Securities relating to a single share, 
the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined 
below). If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been 
the final Averaging Date, then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of 
whether such Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price for 
that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (A)(ii) of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
(ii) 
where the Securities are Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of 
Shares, the Averaging Date for each Share not affected by the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the 
"Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each Share 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Share. If the first 
succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Share has not occurred for a 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date 
that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, 
would have been the final Averaging Date, then (A) that such Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether 
that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging 
Date) in respect of such Share, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant level, price, value or amount for that Averaging 
Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (B)(ii) of the definition of 
"Valuation Date" below; and 
(iii) 
for the purposes of these Share Linked Conditions, "Valid Date" means a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not occur. 
(b) 
in the case of Open End Notes or Open End Certificates (other than Put/Call Open End 
Notes or Put/Call Open End Certificates), the date designated as such by the Issuer, provided 
that such date is determined by the Issuer and notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes or to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of 
the Certificates, as the case may be, at the latest on the tenth (10th) Business Day preceding 
the contemplated Averaging Date. 
"Basket Company" means each company specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and 
"Basket Companies" means all such companies. 
"Basket of Shares" means (i) a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in the weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) a Relative Performance Basket (as defined below). 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling 
trades in the relevant Share.

--- Page 1050 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1050 - 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System 
being unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Price" means in respect of a Share and a Scheduled Trading Day the official closing price 
of such share on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Share 
Linked Condition 2 (as amended where "GDR/ADR" or "Stapled Shares" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) 
on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for 
such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to 
such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day 
(Single Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Exchange Business Day (All Shares 
Basis) or (b) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange 
Business Day (Per Share Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are open for trading in 
respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading 
sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share is open for 
trading during its respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant 
Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Share(s) on the relevant Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Share 
on any relevant Related Exchange.

--- Page 1051 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1051 - 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on 
which such Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Intraday Price" means in respect of a Share and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
published or quoted price of such Share at such time on such day, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, subject as provided in Share Linked Condition 2 (as amended where "GDR/ADR" or "Stapled 
Shares" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Italian Securities Reference Price" means the Prezzo di Riferimento, which means, in relation to 
a Share and a Scheduled Trading Day, the price for such Share published by the Italian Stock 
Exchange at the close of trading for such day and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the Rules 
of the Market organised and managed by the Italian Stock Exchange, as such Rules may be amended 
by the Borsa Italiana S.p.a from time to time. 
"Observation Date" means (a) in the case of Securities other than Open End Notes or Open End 
Certificates, each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms, or if any such 
date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or "Modified Postponement", as 
the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date" and (b) in the case of 
Open End Notes or Open End Certificates (other than Put/Call Open End Notes or Put/Call Open 
End Certificates), the date designated as such by the Issuer, provided that such date is determined by 
the Issuer and notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, as the case may be, at the 
latest on the tenth (10th) Business Day preceding the contemplated Observation Date. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Open End Certificate" means a Certificate in respect of which "Open End" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms and which may be redeemed (i) unless "Put/Call Open End 
Certificate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, on a date determined by the Issuer or pursuant 
to Condition 8(y) or (ii) if "Put/Call Open End Certificate" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 8(b) or Condition 8(c), as the case may be, in either 
case, subject to the other provisions of these Terms and Conditions. 
"Open End Note" means a Note in respect of which "Open End" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms and which may be redeemed (i) unless "Put/Call Open End Note" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, on a date determined by the Issuer or pursuant to Condition 7(e) or 
(ii) if "Put/Call Open End Note" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 7(b) or Condition 7(c), as the case may be, in either case, subject to the other 
provisions of these Terms and Conditions. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system on which 
option contracts or futures contracts relating to such Share are traded, or each exchange or quotation 
system specified as such for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in 
futures or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related

--- Page 1052 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1052 - 
Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or 
quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on 
the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share. 
"Relative Performance Basket" means a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company 
specified in the applicable Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable and where the Final 
Redemption Amount or Cash Settlement Amount, as the case may be, shall be determined by 
reference to the Share that is either (i) the best performing or (ii) the worst performing in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular 
trading session hours subject as provided in "Valuation Time" below. 
"Scheduled Strike Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (i) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Single Share Basis) or (ii) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (a) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares 
Basis) or (b) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled 
Trading Day (All Shares Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of 
all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any day on 
which the relevant Exchange and Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be 
open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means, in respect of a Share, any original date that, but for the 
occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted Day, would have been a Valuation Date. 
"Screen Page" means the page specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor page or 
service thereto. 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Days following a 
trade in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules 
of such Exchange. 
"Settlement Price" means, subject as referred to in "Strike Date," "Averaging Date," "Observation 
Date" or "Valuation Date" as the case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a single Share, an amount equal to the 
official closing price, or the Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted 
on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) if Averaging is specified

--- Page 1053 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1053 - 
in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date and (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such official closing price or Italian Securities Reference Price (or the price at 
the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted 
Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of 
the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time 
on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair 
market selling price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the 
Share as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market 
quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share (or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent 
shall decide), such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the 
Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares and in respect of each 
Share comprising the Basket of Shares, an amount equal to the official closing price or the 
Italian Securities Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (or the price 
at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange 
for such Share) on (A) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or (B) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
an Averaging Date or if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing 
price or Italian Securities Reference Price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price 
(or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date 
or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation 
Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the such Share whose official closing price 
or Italian Securities Reference Price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined based, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, either on the 
arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two 
or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading 
of the relevant Share (or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate, all as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the 
case may be.

--- Page 1054 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1054 - 
"Shares" and "Share" mean in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, each 
share and, in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a single Share, the share, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Share Company" means, in the case of an issue of Securities relating to a single Share, the 
company that has issued such Share. 
"Share Correction Period" means (i) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (ii) if 
none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Stapled Shares" mean the two or more shares that are attached to each other, such that:  
(a) 
each such share may not be held, owned, sold, transferred, purchased or otherwise dealt 
with as an individual share and may only be dealt with as a single unit of such attached 
shares; 
(b) 
such attached shares are issued with a single ISIN; and 
(c) 
where applicable, such attached shares are listed and admitted to trading as a single unit,  
each constituent share comprising the Stapled Shares being a "Stapled Share Constituent". 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a single Share, the Strike Date shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike 
Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the relevant price in accordance with its good faith estimate of the 
relevant price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Day; or 
(B) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, the Strike Date for 
each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Strike 
Date, and the Strike Date for each Share affected (each an "Affected Item") by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is 
not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item. In 
that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Strike Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant price using, in relation to the 
Affected Item, the level, value or price as applicable, determined using its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions

--- Page 1055 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1055 - 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day". 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share 
or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to such Share on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Valuation Date" means (i) in respect of the Notes and Certificates (other than in respect of Open 
End Notes and Open End Certificates), the Interest Valuation Date and/or Redemption Valuation 
Date, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day and (ii) in respect of the Warrants, 
the first Scheduled Trading Day following the Actual Exercise Date of the relevant Warrant unless, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. If such day is a Disrupted Day, 
then: 
(A) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a single Share, the Valuation Date shall be 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. In that 
case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level or price in accordance with its 
good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(B) 
in the case of Share Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, the Valuation Date for 
each Share not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Share affected (each an "Affected Item") 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the 
Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, 
level or price using, in relation to the Affected Item, a price determined using its good faith 
estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions. 
In the case of Open End Notes and Open End Certificates (other than Put/Call Open End Notes or 
Put/Call Open End Certificates) and for the purposes of the applicable Final Terms, the date 
designated as the Redemption Valuation Date by the Issuer, provided that such date is determined 
by the Issuer and notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, as the case may be, at the 
latest on the tenth (10th) Business Day preceding the contemplated Redemption Valuation Date. 
"Valuation Time" means Interest Valuation Time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no Valuation Time is specified, the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, in relation to each Share to be valued provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its

--- Page 1056 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1056 - 
regular trading session, then the Interest Valuation time or the Valuation Time, as the case may be, 
shall be such actual closing time. 
5.
Dividend Payment 
If "Dividend Payment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply to the Securities: 
(a) 
In the event that on or after the Issue Date a Cash Dividend is paid by the Share Company 
or Basket Company, as the case may be, notwithstanding any provisions in these Terms and 
Conditions to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall calculate (i) the relevant Distributed 
Amount and (ii) the relevant Dividend Date. 
(b) 
As soon as practicable following the Dividend Date, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Cash 
Dividend Notice") to the Holders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Cash Dividend 
and the relevant Cash Dividend Payment Date and the Issuer, or failing which the Guarantor, 
if applicable, shall pay to each Holder on the Cash Dividend Payment Date an amount equal 
to the Cash Dividend Amount in respect of each Security held by him on the Cash Dividend 
Payment Date, provided that if the relevant Dividend Date has not occurred prior to the 
Maturity Date the Issuer shall not be obliged to pay such Cash Dividend Amount and the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor, if applicable, shall have no further obligation in respect thereof. 
(c) 
The Cash Dividend Notice shall specify the manner in which the Cash Dividend Amount 
shall be paid to each Holder. 
For the purposes of this Share Linked Condition 5 the following definitions shall apply: 
"Cash Dividend" means any cash dividend paid by the Share Company or Basket Company in 
respect of a Share; 
"Cash Dividend Amount" means, in respect of a Security, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the Distributed Amount less a pro rata share of Dividend Expenses, such amount to 
be converted into the Settlement Currency at an exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on or as soon as practicable after the 
Dividend Date; 
"Cash Dividend Payment Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date specified as such 
in the relevant Cash Dividend Notice; 
"Distributed Amount" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the amount of such dividend paid by 
the Share Company in respect of a Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Dividend Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date on which such Cash Dividend would 
be received by a holder of the Share as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
"Dividend Expenses" means all present, future or contingent withholding, capital gain, profit, 
transactional or business tax or other similar tax or duty (including stamp duty) and/or expenses 
(including any applicable depositary charges, transaction charges, issue, registration, transfer and/or 
other expenses) which the Calculation Agent determines have been or may be deducted and/or may 
arise or may have arisen in respect of the Cash Dividend and/or any payment of the Cash Dividend 
Amount in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 1057 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1057 - 
6.
GDR/ADR 
Share Linked Conditions 7 to 11 (inclusive) apply where "GDR/ADR" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the shares specified to be GDRs/ADRs in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.
Definitions relating to GDR/ADR  
"ADR" means an American Depositary Receipt;  
"Conversion Event" means any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner results (or will result) in the GDRs and/or 
ADRs being converted into Underlying Shares or any other listed notes of the issuer of the 
Underlying Shares;  
"GDR" means a Global Depositary Receipt; and  
"Underlying Shares" means the shares underlying an ADR or GDR, as the case may be.  
8.
General (GDR/ADR) 
Save where specifically provided under the Final Terms, all references in the Conditions and the 
Share Linked Conditions to the "Shares" shall in respect of the shares specified to be GDRs/ADRs, 
be deemed to be to the GDRs or ADRs, as applicable and/or the Underlying Shares, references to 
the "Share Company" or "Basket Company", as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the issuer of the 
GDRs or ADRs, as the case may be, and the issuer of the Underlying Shares and references to the 
"Exchange" shall be deemed to be to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or ADRs, 
as the case may be, are listed and the exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying Shares 
are listed, and with such additional or alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may 
consider necessary or otherwise desirable provided that any such amendment is not materially 
prejudicial to the Holders of Securities. 
9.
Share Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Share Event, the Calculation Agent shall (x) to the extent that an equivalent 
adjustment in respect of the relevant Swap Agreement has been made, take the action described in 
Share Linked Condition 2(b)(B)(i), (vi) and/or (vii) (if applicable), and (y) in the event that the 
circumstances giving rise to such Share Event result in an Additional Termination Event occurring 
in respect of the relevant Swap Agreement, take the action described in either Share Linked 
Condition 2(b)(B)(ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) (as applicable).  The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer 
and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders of Securities in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable, stating the occurrence of the Share Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed 
to be taken in relation thereto. 
"Share Event" means each of the following events:  
(a) 
written instructions have been given by the issuer to the depositary of the Underlying Shares 
to withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; or 
(b) 
the termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the Underlying Shares. 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of a Share Event, the Calculation Agent is under 
no duty to consider the interests of Holders of Securities or any other person.  In making any 
determination as to which action to take following the occurrence of a Share Event, none of the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty (to the extent permitted by any applicable 
law) shall be responsible for any loss (including liability in respect of interest), underperformance or

--- Page 1058 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1058 - 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Holders of Securities or any other person in connection with 
the Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in making any 
payment or delivery in respect of the Securities.  
10.
Potential Adjustment Event (GDR/ADR)
The following additional event shall be deemed added to the end of paragraph (i) of the definition of 
Potential Adjustment Event in Share Linked Condition 2(a):  
"and/or a distribution in respect of the Underlying Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights 
relating to any Underlying Shares to the holder of the Underlying Shares."  
11.
Extraordinary Event (GDR/ADR)
The following additional events shall be deemed added to the first paragraph of Share Linked 
Condition 2(b)(A) after the words "as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms)":  
"Conversion Event, Share Event". 
12.
Stapled Shares
Share Linked Conditions 12 to 17 (inclusive) apply where "Stapled Shares" is specified as applicable 
in respect of shares specified to be Stapled Shares in the applicable Final Terms. 
13.
General (Stapled Shares)
Except as provided in Share Linked Condition 14, Share Linked Condition 15 and Share Linked 
Condition 16 below and save where specifically provided under the Final Terms, all references in 
the Conditions, and the Share Linked Conditions to the "Shares" or a "Share" shall, in respect of the 
shares specified to be Stapled Shares, be deemed to be to the "Stapled Shares" or a "Stapled Share 
Constituent", as applicable, references to the "Share Company" or "Basket Company", as applicable, 
shall be deemed to be to each issuer of a Stapled Share Constituent. 
14.
Potential Adjustment Events (Stapled Shares)
References to "Shares" in Share Linked Condition 2(a) (Potential Adjustment Events) shall be 
deemed to be references to "Stapled Shares and each Stapled Share Constituent". 
15.
Extraordinary Events (Stapled Shares)
15.1 
References to "Shares" in the definitions of Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Stapling 
and related provisions in Share Linked Condition 2 (Potential Adjustment Events and Extraordinary 
Events) shall be deemed to be references to "Stapled Share Constituent". 
15.2 
The following additional events shall be deemed added to the first paragraph of Share Linked 
Condition 2(b)(A) after the words "as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms)": 
"De-Stapling". 
16.
Dividend Payment (Stapled Shares)
References to "Share" (other than in "Share Company") in Share Linked Condition 5 (Dividend 
Payment) shall be deemed to be references to "Stapled Share Constituent".

--- Page 1059 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1059 - 
17.
De-Stapling
Upon the occurrence of a De-Stapling, the Issuer may take the action described in paragraphs (i), 
(iv), (v) to (x) (inclusive) or (xi), as applicable, of Share Linked Condition 2(b)(B) (in the case of 
Securities relating to either a single unit of Stapled Shares or a Basket of Shares comprising one or 
more Stapled Shares) or the action described in paragraph 2Bb(ii) or in Share Linked Condition 18 
below (in respect of a Basket of Shares comprising one or more Stapled Shares).  The Issuer shall 
give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders of the Notes in accordance with Condition 18, the 
Holders of the Warrants in accordance with Condition 17 and the Holders of the Certificates in 
accordance with Condition 19, as applicable, stating the occurrence of the De-Stapling, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.  
"De-Stapling" means the Stapled Shares become detached, such that: 
(a) 
one or more Stapled Share Constituent may be held, owned, sold, transferred, purchased 
and otherwise dealt with as an individual share; and/or 
(b) 
where applicable, one or more Stapled Share Constituent shall be listed and admitted to 
trading separately. 
18.
Substitution following the occurrence of a De-Stapling
If the Issuer elects to substitute the Stapled Shares following the occurrence of a De-Stapling in 
accordance with Share Linked Condition 17, on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective 
Date, the Calculation Agent will adjust the Basket of Shares to substitute one or more shares selected 
by it in accordance with the criteria set out below (the "Substitute Share") for the Stapled Shares 
(the "Affected Stapled Shares") affected by such De-Stapling and the Substitute Share will be 
deemed to be a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes 
of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more 
of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that, in the event that any amount payable under 
the Securities was to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected Stapled Shares, 
the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following formula: 
Initial Price = Α × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the Substitution 
Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the Affected Stapled Shares; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the Affected Stapled Shares on the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be effective 
as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need 
not, be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of the Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting of the 
relevant Affected Stapled Shares.

--- Page 1060 ---
ANNEX 3 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1060 - 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the following criteria, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner: 
(i) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall belong to the same economic sector as the issuers of 
the Affected Stapled Shares; and 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall have a comparable market capitalisation, international 
standing and exposure as the issuers of the Affected Stapled Shares.

--- Page 1061 ---
ANNEX 4 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1061 - 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT LINKED SECURITIES  
The terms and conditions applicable to Debt Linked Securities shall comprise, in the case of Notes, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), in the case of Warrants, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Warrants (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" above and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 9 or 11), and, in the case of Certificates, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12) as applicable (the "Conditions") and the 
additional Terms and Conditions for payouts (as set out in Annex 1 under the heading "Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Payouts" above) (the "Payout Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set 
out below (the "Debt Linked Conditions") and any other additional Terms and Conditions that may be 
specified in the Final Terms (the "Additional Terms and Conditions"), in each case subject to completion in 
the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Debt Linked 
Conditions, the Debt Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the 
Conditions and/or the Debt Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1.
Settlement Price
"Settlement Price" means in relation to each Cash Settled Security (or, in the case of Warrants, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be), subject as referred 
to in "Valuation Date" or "Averaging Date" above: 
(i) 
in the case of Debt Linked Securities relating to a basket of Debt Securities, an amount 
equal to the sum of the values calculated for each Debt Security as (x) the Reference Price 
for such Debt Security appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent on (a) if Averaging is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if such price is not available, the arithmetic 
mean of the Reference Prices for such Debt Security at the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, as received by it from two or 
more market-makers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) in such Debt Security, such 
prices to be expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of such Debt Security, (y) 
multiplied by the product of the nominal amount of such Debt Security and the relevant 
Weighting; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Debt Linked Securities relating to a single Debt Security, an amount equal 
to (x) the Reference Price for such Debt Security appearing on the Relevant Screen Page 
at the Valuation Time as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent on (a) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if such price 
is not available, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Prices for such Debt Security at the 
Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, as 
received by it from two or more market-makers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) in 
such Debt Security, such prices to be expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Debt Security (y) multiplied by the nominal amount of such Debt Security. 
2.
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" shall mean, in respect of a Debt Security, the suspension of or 
limitation imposed on trading either on any exchange on which such Debt Security is traded or on

--- Page 1062 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1062 - 
any exchange on which options contracts or futures contracts with respect to such Debt Security 
are traded if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, such suspension or limitation is 
material. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders of Securities in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, as applicable, that a Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
3.
Correction of Debt Security Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior 
to the due date for any payment in respect of the Notes or Certificates, or of a Cash Settlement 
Amount in respect of the Warrants, if the price of the relevant Debt Security published on a given 
day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the 
Securities, is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the relevant exchange within 
the number of days equal to the Debt Security Correction Period of the original publication, the 
price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Debt Security as so corrected. Corrections 
published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment in 
respect of the Notes or Certificates, or the relevant Settlement Date in respect of the Warrants will 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount in 
relation to the Notes or Certificates, as applicable, and the Cash Settlement Amount in relation to 
the Warrants. 
4.
Redemption or Cancellation of a Debt Security
Notwithstanding Condition 7(o) of the Notes, Condition 8(e) of the Warrants and Condition 8(o) 
of the Certificates, if on or prior to the last Averaging Date or the last Valuation Date, any Debt 
Security is redeemed (including any early redemption) or cancelled by the relevant Debt Security 
Issuer (a "Debt Security Redemption Event"), then, except as may be limited in the case of U.S. 
Securities: 
(a) 
in the case of Warrants, the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 17 of the Warrants. If the Warrants are so cancelled, the 
Issuer will pay an amount to each Holder in respect of each Warrant, or if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit being cancelled equal to the fair market 
value of a Warrant or a Unit, equal to the Early Termination Amount in accordance with 
Condition 8(c) of the Warrants. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 of the Warrants; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes or Certificates: 
(i) 
unless Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Debt Security Redemption Event is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem 
the Securities by giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes and Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable.  If the Notes or 
Certificates are so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Holder in respect 
of each Note or Certificate, as applicable, equal to the Early Redemption Amount 
in accordance with Condition 7(e) of the Notes or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates, 
as applicable.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Holders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes and Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, as applicable; or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of Debt Security Redemption Event is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the Maturity Date 
(in the case of Notes) or on the Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) the

--- Page 1063 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1063 - 
Issuer shall redeem each Note or Certificate, as applicable, at an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (x) the Protected Amount (specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) and (y) the Swap Early Termination Amount (if 
any). 
For the purposes of this Debt Linked Condition 4(b)(ii) "Swap Early Termination 
Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to, in respect of each Note or Certificate, 
and subject to a minimum of zero, a pro rata share of the sum of (1) the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) received by the Issuer 
under the Swap Agreement in connection with the termination of the Swap 
Agreement in whole or in part and (2) any interest which has accrued in respect of 
the amount of such Early Termination Amount received by the Issuer (which may 
be a positive or negative figure). 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon practicable, notify the relevant Security Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, of any determination made by it pursuant to this Debt Linked Condition 4 and 
the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto and such Security Agent or the Registrar, as the 
case may be, shall make available for inspection by Holders copies of any such determinations. 
5. 
Definitions 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling 
trades in the relevant securities or contracts. 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System 
being unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Daily Settlement Price Correction Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or if none, one Settlement cycle. 
"Debt Security Correction Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or if none, one Settlement cycle. 
"Debt Security Issuer" means, in respect of a Debt Security, the issuer of such Debt Security. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred. 
"Exchange Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the Exchange Business Day Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Price" means, in respect of a Debt Security, the bid price, mid price, offer price, bid 
yield, mid yield or offer yield specified as such for such Debt Security in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means an Exchange Business Day. 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of a Debt security or exchange-traded contract, the period of 
Clearance System Days following a trade in such security or contract, as the case may be, on the 
relevant exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such 
exchange.

--- Page 1064 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1064 - 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means, the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day.  If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a)
where the Securities are Debt Linked Securities relating to a single Debt Instrument, the 
Strike Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, 
unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a 
Disrupted Day.  In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price in accordance with its 
good faith estimate of the relevant value, level, price or amount as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b)
where the Securities are Debt Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Debt Instruments, 
the Strike Date for each Debt Instrument not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day 
shall be the Scheduled Strike Date and the Strike Date for each Debt Instrument affected 
(each an "Affected Item"), by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item 
unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item.  In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant value, level, price or amount using, in relation to the Affected 
Item its good faith estimate of the value, level, price or amount for the Affected Item as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day. 
6. 
Correction of the Daily Settlement Price 
With the exception of any corrections  published after the day which is three Business Days prior to 
the due date for any payment under the Securities, if the  Daily Settlement Price published on a given 
day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any determination under the Securities 
is  subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the relevant Futures or Options 
Exchange, within the number of days equal to the Daily Settlement Price Correction Period of the 
original publication, the Daily Settlement Price to be used shall be the Daily Settlement Price as so 
corrected.  Corrections published after the day which is three Business Days prior to a due date for 
payment under the Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
determining the relevant amount to be paid.

--- Page 1065 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1065 - 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES  
The terms and conditions applicable to Commodity Linked Securities shall comprise, in the case of Notes, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), in the case of Warrants, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Warrants (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 9 or 11), and, in the case of Certificates, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates" above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12) as applicable (the
"Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for payouts (as set out in Annex 1 under the heading 
"Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts" above) (the "Payout Conditions") and the additional Terms 
and Conditions set out below (the "Commodity Linked Conditions") and any other additional Terms and 
Conditions that may be specified in the Final Terms (the "Additional Terms and Conditions"), in each case 
subject to completion  in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions 
and the Commodity Linked Conditions, the Commodity Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Commodity Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, 
the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1.
Market Disruption
"Market Disruption Event" means, in respect of a relevant Commodity or Commodity Index and 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence or existence of: 
(A) 
in the case of all Commodities and each Commodity Index, a Price Source Disruption, 
Trading Disruption, Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price; and in addition 
(B) 
in the case of each Commodity Index and all Commodities other than Gold, Silver, 
Platinum or Palladium, a Material Change in Formula, Material Change in Content and/or 
Tax Disruption; and in addition 
(C) 
in the case of a Commodity Index, an Index Component Disruption Event; or 
(D) 
in the case of a Commodity that is an EU Allowance, a Settlement Disruption Event, an 
Abandonment of Scheme, an Administrator Event or an Absence of Registry Operations 
(each of which is defined in Commodity Linked Condition 6 below). 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the Issuer and the relevant Agent if it 
has determined that a Market Disruption Event has occurred and the action proposed to be taken 
in relation thereto and such Agent shall make available for inspection by Holders of Securities 
copies of any such determinations. 
2.
Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption Fallbacks 
2.1 
Upon a Market Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Pricing Date (or, if 
different, the day on which prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published by the Price Source), the Calculation Agent may (a) take the action described 
in (i) and/or (ii) below or (b), take the action set out in (iii) below or (c) (in the case of a 
Commodity that is an EU Allowance) (viii) below: 
(i)
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such event has a material effect on 
the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant amount payable in 
respect of the Notes or Certificates, or shall calculate the Cash Settlement

--- Page 1066 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1066 - 
Amount and/or make any other relevant calculation in respect of the 
Warrants using, in lieu of a published price for that Commodity or 
Commodity Index, as the case may be, the price for that Commodity or 
Commodity Index, as determined by the Calculation Agent using the 
Commodity Fallback Value; 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent may substitute the relevant Commodity, Commodity 
Reference Price or Index Component with a Commodity, Commodity 
Reference Price or Index Component, as the case may be, selected by it in 
accordance with the criteria set out below (each, a "Substitute Commodity, 
"Substitute Commodity Reference Price" or "Substitute Index 
Component"), as the case may be, for each Commodity, Commodity 
Reference Price or Index Component, as the case may be, (each, an 
"Affected Commodity, Affected Commodity Reference Price" or 
"Affected Index Component") which is affected by the Market Disruption 
Event and the Substitute Commodity, Substitute Commodity Reference 
Price or Substitute Index Component, as the case may be, will be deemed to 
be a "Commodity", "Commodity Reference Price" or "Index 
Component", as the case may be, for the purposes of the Securities, and the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of the terms and conditions of 
the Notes, the terms and conditions of the Warrants or the terms and 
conditions of the Certificates as applicable, and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that in the event that 
any amount payable under the Notes or Certificates, or the Cash Settlement 
Amount in respect of Warrants, as the case may be, was to be determined by 
reference to the initial price of the Commodity, the Commodity Reference 
Price or the Index Component, as the case may be, the initial price of each 
Substitute Commodity, Substitute Commodity Reference Price or Substitute 
Index Component, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity, the Substitute Commodity 
shall be valued on the basis of a futures contract on similar terms to, with a 
delivery date corresponding with and relating to the same Commodity as the 
Affected Commodity. In order to be selected as a Substitute Commodity 
Reference Price, the Substitute Commodity Reference Price shall be a 
benchmark, price or quotation selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and which in its 
determination is or will be used by market participants as a substitute for the 
Affected Commodity Reference Price. In order to be selected as a Substitute 
Index Component, the Substitute Index Component shall be an alternative 
futures contract or commodity index relating to a futures contract on similar 
terms to the Affected Index Component.  
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment(s) will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution 
Date") acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner which 
may, but need not, be the relevant date of the Market Disruption Event.  Such 
substitution will be notified to the Holders of Securities by the Calculation 
Agent as soon as practicable after the Substitution Date in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants, or Condition 19 of 
the Certificates, as applicable.

--- Page 1067 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1067 - 
(iii)
the Calculation Agent may give notice to the Issuer and, unless (in the case 
of Notes or Certificates) Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation 
Option are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
shall, on giving notice to Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 
18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants, or Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, as applicable, redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some 
only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed or cancelled, as 
applicable, by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount 
(in the case of Notes or Certificates) in accordance with Condition 7(e) of 
the Notes or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates, or the Early Termination 
Amount (in the case of Warrants) in accordance with Condition 8(c) of the 
Warrants, as applicable.  Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes Condition 17 of the Warrants, or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable;  
(iv)
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
of the Notes or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance 
with Condition 8(e)(viii) (in the case of Certificates);
(v)
 if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
of the Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance 
with Condition 8(e)(ix) (in the case of Certificates);
(vi)
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes or to Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 of the Certificates redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(xi) (in the case of Notes) or 
in accordance with Condition 8(e)(x) (in the case of Certificates);  
(vii)
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, where one of Highest Value, 
Market Value or Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of a Market Disruption Event, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that such Market Disruption Event constitutes 
a force majeure, and if Commodity Linked Condition 2.1(vii) is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem all but not some 
only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in 
respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and 
paid on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(v) (in the case

--- Page 1068 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1068 - 
of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 7(b) (in the case of Certificates) 
on the basis that ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs is applicable; or 
(viii)
in the case of a Commodity that is an EU Allowance, the Calculation Agent 
may determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, the appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to the EU 
Allowance, the Commodity Reference Price and/or any of the other terms of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to take 
account of the Market Disruption Event and determine the effective date of 
such adjustment. 
2.2
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of a Market Disruption Event, the 
Calculation Agent is under no duty to consider the interests of Holders of Securities or any 
other person.  In making any determination as to which action to take following the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the 
Swap Counterparty (to the extent permitted by any applicable law) shall be responsible for 
any loss (including liability in respect of interest), underperformance or opportunity cost 
suffered or incurred by Holders of Securities or any other person in connection with the 
Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in making 
any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities. 
3.
Adjustment to a Commodity Index 
3.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports a Commodity Index 
If a relevant Commodity Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor 
but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or (b) replaced by a successor commodity index using, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Commodity Index, then in 
each case that commodity index (the "Successor Commodity Index") will be deemed to be 
the Commodity Index. 
3.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of a Commodity Index 
If (a) on or prior to the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date, the Final Interest 
Pricing Date or the Final Pricing Date, the relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that 
it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant 
Commodity Index or in any other way materially modifies that Commodity Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Commodity Index 
in the event of changes in constituent contracts or commodities and other routine events) (a 
"Commodity Index Modification"), or permanently cancels a relevant Commodity Index 
and no Successor Commodity Index exists (a "Commodity Index Cancellation"), or (b) on 
any Averaging Date, Observation Date, Interest Pricing Date or other Pricing Date, the 
Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce 
a relevant Commodity Index (a "Commodity Index Disruption" and, together with a 
Commodity Index Modification and a Commodity Index Cancellation, each a "Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event"), then: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Commodity Index Adjustment Event 
has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the Relevant Price 
using, in lieu of a published level for that Commodity Index, the Commodity 
Fallback Value; or

--- Page 1069 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1069 - 
(i)
the Calculation Agent may require the Issuer to cancel or redeem the 
Securities, as applicable, by giving notice to Holders of Securities in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants, or 
Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable.  If the Securities are so 
cancelled or redeemed, (i) unless Highest Value, Market Value or 
Monetisation Option are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will pay an amount to each Holder in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities being cancelled or redeemed the 
Early Redemption Amount (in the case of Notes or Certificates) in 
accordance with Condition 7(e) of the Notes or Condition 8(e) of the 
Certificates, or the Early Termination Amount (in the case of Warrants) in 
accordance with Condition 8(c) of the Warrants, as applicable.  Payments 
will be made in such manner as shall be notified to Holders of Securities in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants, or 
Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable. 
(ii)
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
of the Notes or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance 
with Condition 8(e)(viii) (in the case of Certificates);
(iii)
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
of the Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each 
Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such 
Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, in 
accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance 
with Condition 8(e)(ix) (in the case of Certificates);
(iv)
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 of the Certificates redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date 
determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(xi) (in the case of Notes) or 
in accordance with Condition 8(e)(x) (in the case of Certificates). 
(v)
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, where one of Highest Value, 
Market Value or Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of a Commodity Index Adjustment Event, 
if the Calculation Agent determines that such Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event constitutes a force majeure, and if Commodity Linked Condition 
3.2(a)(v) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of 
Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder of 
Securities calculated and paid on such date determined in accordance with

--- Page 1070 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1070 - 
Condition 7(v) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 7(b)(in 
the case of Certificates) on the basis that ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind 
Costs is applicable. 
3.3  
General
In determining to take a particular action as a result of a Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event, the Calculation Agent is under no duty to consider the interests of Holders of 
Securities or any other person.  In making any determination as to which action to take 
following the occurrence of a Commodity Index Adjustment Event, (to the extent permitted 
by applicable law) none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty shall 
be responsible for any loss (including liability in respect of interest), underperformance or 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Holders of Securities or any other person in 
connection with the Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of 
any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities. 
4.
Correction of Commodity Reference Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Commodity Business 
Days prior to, in the case of the Notes or Certificates, as applicable, the due date for any payment 
under such Notes or Certificates, or, in the case of the Warrants, the due date for any payment of a 
Cash Settlement Amount calculated by reference to a Commodity Reference Price, if the 
Commodity Reference Price published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation 
Agent to make any determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction 
published by the relevant Exchange or any other person responsible for the publication or 
announcement of the Commodity Reference Price within 30 calendar days of the original 
publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Commodity as so corrected. 
Corrections published after the day which is three Commodity Business Days prior to, in the case 
of the Notes or Certificates, as applicable, a due date for payment under such Notes or Certificates 
or, in the case of the Warrants, the relevant Settlement Date calculated by reference to a 
Commodity Reference Price will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
determining the relevant amount to be paid. 
5.
Definitions 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
"control" means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Basket Component" means any Commodity or Commodity Index comprised in a Basket of 
Commodities; 
"Basket of Commodities" means a basket comprising two or more Commodities or Commodity 
Indices; 
"Commodity" means subject to adjustment in accordance with these Commodity Linked 
Conditions, the commodity (or commodities) or futures contract on a commodity (or commodities) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly and 
for the avoidance of doubt, each of climatic variables, freight rates and emissions allowances may 
be a Commodity for the purposes of these Commodity Linked Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Commodity Business Day" means:

--- Page 1071 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1071 - 
(a) 
in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Index: 
(i) 
where the Commodity Reference Price for the relevant Commodity or 
Commodity Index is announced or published by an Exchange, any day that is (or, 
but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a day on 
which each relevant Exchange is open for trading during its regular trading 
sessions and notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled 
closing time; or 
(ii) 
a day in respect of which the relevant Price Source published (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have published), a price for the 
relevant Commodity or Commodity Index; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Basket of Commodities, a day on which the Commodity Reference Price in 
respect of all the Basket Components is scheduled to be published or announced in 
accordance with (i) or (ii) above; 
"Commodity Disrupted Day" means any day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Commodity Fallback Value" means: 
in respect of any commodity, the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided to the 
Calculation Agent by each of the Reference Dealers as its Commodity Reference Price for 
the relevant Pricing Date of the relevant Commodity, provided that if only three such 
quotations are so provided, the Commodity Fallback Value shall be the Commodity 
Reference Price remaining after disregarding the Commodity Reference Prices having the 
highest and lowest values (or if more than one such highest or lowest, one only of them). If 
fewer than three such quotations are so provided, it will be deemed that such value cannot 
be determined and the relevant value shall be the good faith estimate of the Calculation 
Agent; or 
in respect of any Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, the price for such 
Commodity Index or Basket of Commodities, as the case may be, in respect of the relevant 
Pricing Date determined by the Calculation Agent using the current applicable method of 
calculating such Commodity Index, or the method for determining the value of the Basket 
of Commodities, as the case may be, as set out in the Final Terms, using the price or level 
for each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may be, determined as follows: 
(i)  
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case may 
be, which is not affected by the Market Disruption Event, the closing price 
or level or settlement price, as applicable, of such Index Component or 
Basket Component, as the case may be, on such Pricing Date; and 
(ii)  
in respect of each Index Component or Basket Component, as the case 
may be, which is affected by the Market Disruption Event (each an 
"Affected Item"), the closing price or level or settlement price, as 
applicable, for such Affected Item on the first succeeding Pricing Date 
that is not a Commodity Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of 
consecutive Pricing Dates equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date is a 
Commodity Disrupted Day.  In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Pricing Date shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Commodity Disrupted Day, and 
(ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the price or level of such 
Affected Item in the manner set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if

--- Page 1072 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1072 - 
not set out or if not practicable, determine the price of the Affected Item 
based upon the price at which the Swap Counterparty or any of its 
Affiliates is able to sell or otherwise realise any hedge positions in respect 
of the Securities during the period of five Commodity Business Days 
following the last such consecutive Pricing Date;  
"Commodity Index" means each index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or an index 
comprising one or more commodities, contracts for the future delivery of a commodity, indices 
linked to a single commodity or indices comprised of multiple commodities (each an "Index 
Component");
"Commodity Reference Price" means in respect of any Commodity or Commodity Index, the 
Commodity Reference Price specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Delivery Date" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the relevant date or month for 
delivery of the underlying Commodity (which must be a date or month reported or capable of being 
determined from information reported in or by the relevant Price Source) as follows: 
(a) 
if a date is, or a month and year are, specified in the applicable Final Terms, that date or that 
month and year; 
(b) 
if a Nearby Month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the month of expiration of the 
relevant Futures Contract; and 
(c) 
if a method is specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining the 
Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to that method; 
"Disappearance of Commodity Reference Price" means (A) the permanent discontinuation of 
trading in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange or (B) the disappearance of, or of 
trading in, the relevant Commodity or Index Component or (C) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of a Commodity Reference Price, notwithstanding the availability 
of the related Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or 
Index Component; 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Relevant Price in respect of a specified Commodity Reference Price when a Market 
Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a Pricing Date (or, if different, the day on which 
prices for that Pricing Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the Price 
Source).  A Disruption Fallback is applicable if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no 
Disruption Fallback is specified, the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant actions in 
accordance with Commodity Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and 
Disruption Fallbacks); 
"Exchange" means, in relation to a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market for such 
Commodity specified in the applicable Final Terms or in the Commodity Reference Price and in the 
case of a Commodity Index, the exchange or principal trading market for each Index Component 
comprising such Commodity Index; 
"Final Pricing Date" or "Final Interest Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Commodity Business Day; 
"Futures Contract" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price, the contract for future 
delivery of a contract size in respect of the relevant Delivery Date relating to the Commodity or 
referred to in that Commodity Reference Price;

--- Page 1073 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1073 - 
"Index Component Disruption Event" means: 
(i) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date includes, 
or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published on any date between 
the Issue Date and such Pricing Date that is not a price published by the usual exchange or 
price source, but is a price determined by the Price Source; or 
(ii) 
the Commodity Reference Price published by the Price Source on any Pricing Date includes, 
or is derived from, a price for one or more Index Components published by the usual 
exchange or price source on any date between the Issue Date and such Pricing Date that, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, has been calculated or published subject to the 
occurrence of market disruption or similar, or otherwise not in accordance with the usual, 
then-current, method used by such exchange or price source; 
"Initial Pricing Date" or "Initial Interest Pricing Date" means the date specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the immediately 
succeeding Commodity Business Day; 
"Intraday Price" means in respect of a Commodity, Commodity Index or Index Component and 
any time on a Pricing Date, the relevant price of such Commodity, Commodity Index or Index 
Component at such time or such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided 
in Commodity Linked Condition 2 and Commodity Linked Condition 3. 
"Limit Price Event" means that the settlement price of any Commodity or Index Component has 
increased or decreased from the previous day's published settlement price by an amount equal to the 
maximum amount permitted under the applicable exchange rules for such Commodity or Index 
Component. 
"Material Change in Content" means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material change in 
the content, composition or constitution of the relevant Commodity or Futures Contract or, in the 
case of a Commodity Index, Index Component; 
"Material Change in Formula" means the occurrence since the Issue Date of a material change in 
the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant Commodity Reference Price or any Index 
Component used to calculate the Commodity Reference Price; 
"Nearby Month" means, when preceded by a numerical adjective and in respect of a Delivery Date 
and a Pricing Date, the month of expiration of the Futures Contract identified by that numerical 
adjective, so that, for example, (a) "First Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the first 
Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; (b) "Second Nearby Month" means the month 
of expiration of the second Futures Contract to expire following that Pricing Date; and (c) "Sixth 
Nearby Month" means the month of expiration of the sixth Futures Contract to expire following that 
Pricing Date; 
"Price Source" means the publication (or such other origin of reference, including an Exchange or 
Index Sponsor or Index Calculation Agent) containing (or reporting) the Specified Price (or prices 
from which the Specified Price is calculated) specified in the relevant Commodity Reference Price; 
"Price Source Disruption" means (a) the failure of the Price Source to announce or publish the 
Specified Price (or the information necessary for determining the Specified Price) for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price, or (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of 
the Price Source; 
"Pricing Date" or "Interest Pricing Date" means each date specified in the Final Terms as being 
the Initial Pricing Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, an Automatic Early Redemption

--- Page 1074 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1074 - 
Valuation Date or the Final Pricing Date or if any such date is not a Commodity Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Commodity Business Day, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
such day is a Commodity Disrupted Day, in which case the relevant Pricing Date or Interest Pricing 
Date, as applicable, shall be the first succeeding Commodity Business Day that is not a Commodity 
Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Commodity Business Days equal to the 
Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Pricing Date or 
Scheduled Interest Pricing Date, as the case may be, is a Commodity Disrupted Day.  In that case, 
(i) the last such consecutive Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be the Pricing Date or 
Interest Pricing Date, as the case may be, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Commodity 
Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall take action in accordance with the provisions of 
Commodity Linked Condition 2 (Consequences of a Market Disruption Event and Disruption 
Fallbacks); 
References in these Commodity Linked Conditions to "Pricing Date" shall be deemed to apply 
mutatis mutandis in respect of any "Interest Pricing Date"; 
"Reference Dealers" means four leading dealers in the relevant Commodities market selected by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Price" means, for any Pricing Date, the price, expressed as a price per unit of the 
Commodity, the price of the Commodity Index or any Index Component, determined with respect 
to that day for the specified Commodity Reference Price calculated as provided in these Commodity 
Linked Conditions and the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Pricing Date" or "Scheduled Interest Pricing Date" means any original date that, but 
for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been a Pricing Date. References in 
these Commodity Linked Conditions to "Scheduled Pricing Date" shall be deemed to apply mutatis 
mutandis in respect of any "Scheduled Interest Pricing Date"; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, if the Securities are Hybrid Securities and Hybrid Business Day 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, for the purpose of determining whether a 
day is a Hybrid Business Day, a Commodity Business Day; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means five Commodity Business Days or such other 
number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Specified Price" means, in respect of a Commodity Reference Price for a Commodity Index, (i) the 
closing or (ii) the daily official level of such Commodity Index and, in respect of any other 
Commodity Reference Price, any of the following prices (which must be a price reported in or by, 
or capable of being determined from information reported in or by, the relevant Price Source), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (and, if applicable, as of the time so specified): (a) the high 
price; (b) the low price; (c) the average of the high price and the low price; (d) the closing price; (e) 
the opening price; (f) the bid price; (g) the asked price; (h) the average of the bid price and the asked 
price; (i) the settlement price; (j) the official settlement price; (k) the official price; (l) the morning 
fixing; (m) the afternoon fixing; (n) the spot price; (o) the arithmetic average of bid and offer prices 
at 5.30pm (CET) on the Pricing Date or (p) any other price specified in the applicable Final Terms 
on the Pricing Date; 
"Tax Disruption" means the imposition of, change in or removal of an excise, severance, sales, use, 
value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or similar tax on, or measured by reference to, 
the relevant Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index, any Index Component (other than a 
tax on, or measured by reference to overall gross or net income) by any government or taxation 
authority after the Trade Date, if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to raise 
or lower the Relevant Price on the day that would otherwise be a Pricing Date from what it would 
have been without that imposition, change or removal; and

--- Page 1075 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1075 - 
"Trading Disruption" means the material suspension of, or the material limitation imposed on, 
trading in the relevant Futures Contract or the Commodity or, in the case of a Commodity Index, 
Index Component on the Exchange or in any additional futures contract, options contract, commodity 
index or commodity on any Exchange as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For these purposes: 
(A) 
a suspension of the trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the 
case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only if: 
(1) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case 
may be, is suspended for the entire Pricing Date; or 
(2) 
all trading in the Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component as the case 
may be, is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading on the Pricing Date, 
trading does not recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in 
such Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, on 
such Pricing Date and such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding 
its commencement; and 
(B) 
a limitation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, 
as the case may be, on any Commodity Business Day shall be deemed to be material only 
if the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of the 
relevant Futures Contract, Commodity or Index Component, as the case may be, may 
fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of the relevant Futures Contract, Commodity 
or Index Component on such day is at the upper or lower limit of that range. 
6.
EU Emissions Allowances 
If one or more Commodities are specified to be an "EU Allowance" in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of any such Commodity, the following additional provisions shall apply to these 
Commodity Linked Conditions: 
"Abandonment of Scheme" means the Scheme is, as a result of official written public 
pronouncement by the European Community, no longer scheduled to proceed or is to be 
discontinued; 
"Absence of Registry Operation" means, other than by reason of the occurrence of an 
Administrator Event, the absence of: 
(a) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the Relevant Registry; 
(b) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the EUTL;  
(c) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the link between each of the Relevant 
Registry and the EUTL; and/or 
(d) 
the continued functioning of the link between each of the LSTL and the EUTL; 
"Administrator Event" means the suspension of some or all of the processes of the Relevant 
Registry, the EUTL or, if applicable, the LSTL, in accordance with the Registries Regulation by the 
relevant National Administrator or the Central Administrator (as applicable) (i) where that Relevant 
Registry is not operated and maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Registries 
Regulation, or any other applicable law, (ii) for the purpose of carrying out scheduled or emergency 
maintenance, (iii) where there has been or following reasonable suspicion of, a breach of security 
which threatens the integrity of the registries system (including any back up facilities) or (iv) where 
the mutual recognition of EU Allowances under a relevant Linking Agreement has been suspended 
in accordance with the terms of such Linking Agreement;

--- Page 1076 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1076 - 
"Central Administrator" means the person designated by the EU Commission to operate and 
maintain the EUTL pursuant to Article 20(1) of the Emissions Directive; 
"Emissions Directive" means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 13 October 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the 
Community and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as amended from time to time; 
"EU Allowance" means an allowance to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide (CO2) equivalent during 
a specified period which is valid for meeting emissions related commitment obligations under the 
Scheme and including allowances stemming from emission trading systems that are linked with the 
EU ETS pursuant to Article 25 of the Emissions Directive relating to a specified compliance period 
which may be either the Third Compliance Period or the Fourth Compliance Period depending on 
the underlying of the Commodity Reference Price;  
"EU ETS" has the meaning given to it in the Emissions Directive; 
"EUTL" means the independent transaction log provided for in Article 20(1) of the Emissions 
Directive, the operation of which is further detailed in Article 5 of the Registries Regulation; 
"Fourth Compliance Period" means the period starting on 1 January 2021 and ending on 31 
December 2030; 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, any Affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent 
or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities 
or where no such party hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, who shall be deemed to 
enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations. The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed 
to hold such number of EU Allowances, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement to 
purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of EU Allowances 
as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a 
prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the Securities; 
"Holding Account" means a form of digital record maintained in a Registry (pursuant to and in 
accordance with the Registries Regulation) that is able to be used to record the allocation (if 
applicable), holding and transfer of EU Allowances that are to be delivered in respect of any hedging 
arrangements entered into by the Hedge Provider pursuant to and in accordance with the Scheme; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation), which may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be 
resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in the context of the relevant situation); 
"Linking Agreement" means an agreement between the European Union and a non-Member State 
on the linking of their greenhouse gas emissions trading systems, as envisaged under Article 25 of 
the Emissions Directive and which has entered into force in accordance with its terms, as amended 
from time to time; 
"LSTL" means a transaction log of a non-Member State that is linked to the EUTL under the terms 
of a relevant Linking Agreement; 
"National Administrator" means (i) the entity responsible for administering, on behalf of a Member 
State, a set of user accounts under the jurisdiction of a Member State in the Union Registry as 
designated in accordance with Article 7 of the Registries Regulation or (ii) the entity identified as 
an administrator in respect of an LSTL;

--- Page 1077 ---
ANNEX 5 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1077 - 
"Registries Regulation" means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/1122 of 12 March 
2019 supplementing Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards 
the functioning of the Union Registry, as amended from time to time; 
"Registry" means the registry established by a Member State, a non-Member State or the EU, in 
order to ensure the accurate accounting of the issue, holding, transfer, acquisition, surrender, 
cancellation and replacement of EU Allowances. For the avoidance of doubt, references to a Registry 
shall include the Union Registry and the Holding Accounts within the Union Registry that are under 
the jurisdiction of a single National Administrator designated by a Member State and will together 
be deemed to be a Registry for that Member State; 
"Relevant Registry" means the Registry (or Registries) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if not so specified, each of the Registry in France and the Registry in the Netherlands; 
"Scheme" means the scheme for transferring EU Allowances established pursuant to the Emissions 
Directive and the Registries Regulation, and as implemented by the national laws of Member States; 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event or circumstance beyond the control of the Hedge 
Provider that cannot, after the use of all reasonable efforts, be overcome and which makes it 
impossible for such Hedge Provider to deliver or accept EU Allowances in accordance with the terms 
of the any hedging arrangements entered into by the Hedge Provider or otherwise trade EU 
Allowances or there is any limitation, restriction or impossibility of transfer of EU Allowances in 
the market generally. For the avoidance of doubt, the inability of the Hedge Provider to deliver EU 
Allowances as a result of insufficient EU Allowances available to it, whether caused by the low or 
non-allocation of EU Allowances by a Member State or any other state, the delay or failure of a 
Member State or Central Administrator to replace allowances for a subsequent compliance period 
or the failure to procure sufficient EU Allowances to meet its delivery obligations, shall not 
constitute a Settlement Disruption Event; 
"Third Compliance Period" means the period starting on 1 January 2013 and ending on 31 
December 2020; and  
"Union Registry" means the Registry referred to as the "Union registry" in Article 19(1) of the 
Emissions Directive.

--- Page 1078 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1078 - 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES  
The terms and conditions applicable to Inflation Linked Securities shall comprise, in the case of Notes, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), in the case of Warrants, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 9 or 11), and, in the case of Certificates, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates" above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12) as applicable (the
"Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for payouts (as set out in Annex 1 under the heading 
"Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts" above) (the "Payout Conditions") and the additional Terms 
and Conditions set out below (the "Inflation Linked Conditions") and any other additional Terms and 
Conditions that may be specified in the Final Terms (the "Additional Terms and Conditions"), in each case 
subject to completion  in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions 
and the Inflation Linked Conditions set out below, the Inflation Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event 
of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Inflation Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final 
Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1.
Delay in Publication
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an Inflation Index 
has occurred with respect to any Valuation Date, then the Relevant Level with respect to any 
Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to such Valuation Date (the "Substitute Inflation Index Level") 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to Inflation Linked Condition 3(ii) below), as 
follows: 
(i) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by reference to the corresponding 
index level determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; or 
(ii) 
if (I) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, or (II) the 
Calculation Agent is not able to determine a Substitute Inflation Index Level under (i) 
above, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute Inflation Index Level by 
reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Inflation Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level),  
where: 
"Base Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the 
month for which the Substitute Inflation Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or 
announced by the Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Inflation Index 
Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published 
or announced by the Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the 
month in respect of the Latest Level.

--- Page 1079 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1079 - 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Issuer shall promptly give notice to Holders of 
Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 
19 of the Certificates, as applicable, of any Substitute Inflation Index Level. 
If the Relevant Level is published or announced at any time on or after the relevant Cut-Off Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. 
The Substitute Inflation Index Level so determined pursuant to this Inflation Linked Condition 1 will 
be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
2.
SUCCESSOR INFLATION INDEX 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and 
announced by the Index Sponsor for two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces 
that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and/or the Index Sponsor 
cancels the Inflation Index (each of which, an "Inflation Index Adjustment Event") then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a "Successor Inflation Index") (in lieu of any 
previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Securities as follows: 
(i) 
if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a "Successor Inflation Index" by reference to the corresponding 
successor index determined under the terms and conditions of the Related Bond; 
(ii) 
if (x) Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms or (y) a Related Bond 
Redemption Event has occurred and Fallback Bond is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer publish or 
announce the Inflation Index but that it will be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index 
specified by the Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement 
Inflation Index is calculated using the same or a substantially similar formula or method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of the Inflation Index, such replacement index shall be 
designated a "Successor Inflation Index"; 
(iii) 
if no Successor Inflation Index has been deemed under (i) or (ii) the Calculation Agent shall 
ask five leading independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation 
Index should be; if between four and five responses are received, and of those four or five 
responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will 
be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index"; if three responses are received, and two or more 
leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor 
Inflation Index"; if fewer than three responses are received by the Cut-Off Date the 
Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index, and such index will be 
deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(iv) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative index, there will 
be deemed to be no Successor Inflation Index and an Index Cancellation will be deemed to 
have occurred. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor 
Inflation Index shall be deemed to replace the Inflation Index for the purposes of the Securities. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Inflation Linked Condition 2, in making its 
determinations hereunder, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent applicable to the relevant 
Securities, take into account any corresponding or similar determination or selection or any other 
adjustment or calculation made in respect of the relevant Swap Agreement in relation to such 
Inflation Index Adjustment Event. 
Notice of the determination of a Successor Inflation Index, the effective date of the Successor 
Inflation Index or the occurrence of an Index Cancellation will be given to the Issuer by the

--- Page 1080 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1080 - 
Calculation Agent and the Issuer will give notice to Holders of Securities in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable. 
3.
Adjustments 
(i) 
Successor Inflation Index 
If a Successor Inflation Index is determined in accordance with Inflation Linked Condition 
2, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to 
any amount payable under the Securities and/or any other relevant term of the Securities as 
the Calculation Agent deems necessary. The Issuer shall give notice to the Holders of 
Securities of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 
17 of the Warrants, or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Substitute Inflation Index Level 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Inflation Index Level in accordance with 
Inflation Linked Condition 1, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or 
adjustments (without limitation) to (x) the Substitute Inflation Index Level determined in 
accordance with Inflation Linked Condition 1 and/or (y) any amount payable under the 
Securities and/or any other relevant term of the Securities, in each case, as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
provided that if Inflation Index Level Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be permitted to make any such adjustment in 
accordance with this Condition if the Calculation Agent determines that the delay in 
publication was not attributable to the Issuer, but substantially, alters the economics of the 
Securities compared to the economics as of the Issue Date. The Issuer shall give notice to 
the Holders of Securities of any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants, or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable. 
(iii) 
Inflation Index Level Adjustment Correction 
(a) 
The first publication or announcement of the Relevant Level (disregarding 
estimates) by the Index Sponsor for any Reference Month shall be final and 
conclusive and, subject to Inflation Linked Condition 3(vi) below, later revisions 
to the level for such Reference Month will not be used in any calculations, save 
that in respect of the EUR-All Items-Revised Consumer Price Index, the ESP 
National-Revised Consumer Price Index (CPI) and the ESP-Harmonised-Revised 
Consumer Price Index HCPI, revisions to the Relevant Level which are published 
or announced up to and including the day that is two Business Days prior to any 
relevant Valuation Date will be valid and the revised Relevant Level for the 
relevant Reference Month will be deemed to be the final and conclusive Relevant 
Level for such Reference Month. The Issuer shall give notice to the Holders of 
Securities of any valid revision in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, 
Condition 17 of the Warrants, or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable. 
(b) 
If, within 30 days of publication or at any time prior to a Valuation Date in respect 
of which a Relevant Level will be used in any calculation or determination in 
respect of such Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index 
Sponsor has corrected the Relevant Level to correct a manifest error, the 
Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to any amount payable under the 
Securities and/or any other relevant term of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines to be appropriate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as a result of such correction and/or determine the amount (if any) that is

--- Page 1081 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1081 - 
payable as a result of that correction. The Issuer shall give notice to the Holders of 
Securities of any such adjustment and/or amount in accordance with Condition 18 
of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants, or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable. 
(c) 
If a Relevant Level is published or announced at any time after the Cut-Off Date in 
respect of a Valuation Date in respect of which a Substitute Inflation Index Level 
was determined, the Calculation Agent may either (A) determine that such 
Relevant Level shall not be used in any calculation or determination under the 
Securities and that the Substitute Inflation Index Level shall be deemed to be the 
definitive Relevant Level for the relevant Reference Month, or (B) make any 
adjustment to any amount payable under the Securities and/or any other relevant 
term of the Securities as it deems appropriate as a result of the announcement or 
publication of the Relevant Level and/or determine the amount (if any) that is 
payable as a result of such publication or announcement. The Issuer shall give 
notice to the Holders of Securities of any determination in respect of (A) or (B), 
together with any adjustment or amount in respect thereof, in accordance with 
Condition 18, as applicable of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants, or 
Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Inflation Index Level Adjustment is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be 
permitted to make any such adjustment in accordance with this Inflation Linked 
Condition 3 if the Calculation Agent determines that the delay in publication was 
not attributable to the Issuer, but substantially, alters the economics of the 
Securities compared to the economics as of the Issue Date.  
(iv) 
Currency 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any event occurs affecting the Specified Currency 
or Settlement Currency, as applicable (whether relating to its convertibility into other 
currencies or otherwise) which the Calculation Agent determines necessitates an adjustment 
or adjustments to any amount payable under the Securities, and/or any other relevant term 
of the Securities (including the date on which any amount is payable by the Issuer), the 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustment or adjustments to such amount and/or any 
other relevant term of the Securities as the Calculation Agent deems necessary, acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner provided that if Currency Adjustment is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will only be 
permitted to make any such adjustment if the Calculation Agent determines that the event 
affecting the Specified Currency or the Settlement Currency was not attributable to the 
Issuer, but substantially alters the economics of the Securities compared to the economics 
as of the Issue Date. The Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Holders of Securities of 
any such adjustment in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the 
Warrants, or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable. 
(v) 
Rebasing 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at 
any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes 
of determining the Relevant Level from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, that 
the Calculation Agent may make (A) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, any adjustments as are made pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Related Bond, if any, to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index 
levels reflect the same rate of inflation as before the rebasing, and/or (B) if Related Bond is

--- Page 1082 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1082 - 
specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption 
Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to the levels of the 
Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the 
Inflation Index before it was rebased and in each case the Calculation Agent may make any 
adjustment(s) to any amount payable under the Securities and/or any other term of the 
Securities as the Calculation Agent may deem necessary acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. If the Calculation Agent determines that neither (A) nor 
(B) above would produce a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may 
notify the Issuer and on such notification the Issuer shall redeem each Note or Certificate, 
or cancel each Warrant, as applicable, on a date notified by the Issuer to Holders of 
Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants, or 
Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable, in which event the Issuer will pay to each 
Holder of Securities in respect of each such Security or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, held by him an amount equal to its Early Redemption 
Amount (in the case of Notes and Certificates) in accordance with Condition 7(e) of the 
Notes or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates as applicable or the Early Termination Amount 
(in the case of Warrants) in accordance with Condition 8(c) of the Warrants. Notice of any 
adjustment, redemption of the Securities or determination pursuant to this paragraph shall 
be given to Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 
17 of the Warrants, or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable. 
(vi) 
Index Modification 
(a) 
If on or prior to the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Valuation Date, the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred the Calculation Agent 
may (A) if Related Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
make any adjustments to the Inflation Index, any Relevant Level and/or any other 
relevant term of the Securities (including, without limitation, any amount payable 
under the Securities), consistent with any adjustments made to the Related Bond as 
the Calculation Agent deems necessary, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner or (B) if Related Bond is specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms or a Related Bond Redemption Event has occurred make 
only those adjustments to the relevant Inflation Index, any Relevant Level and/or 
any other term of the Securities (including, without limitation, any amount payable 
under the Securities), as the Calculation Agent deems necessary acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner for the modified Inflation Index to 
continue as the Inflation Index and to account for the economic effect of the Index 
Modification. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Modification has occurred at any 
time after the Cut-Off Date in respect of any Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent 
may determine either (A) to ignore such Index Modification for the purposes of 
any calculation or determination made by the Calculation Agent with respect to 
such Valuation Date, in which case the relevant Index Modification will be deemed 
to have occurred with respect to the immediately succeeding Valuation Date such 
that the provisions of sub paragraph (a) above will apply, or, (B) notwithstanding 
that the Index Modification has occurred following the Cut-Off Date, to make any 
adjustments as the Calculation Agent deems fit in accordance with sub-paragraph 
(a) above. 
(vii) 
Index Cancellation 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Index Cancellation has occurred, it may:

--- Page 1083 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1083 - 
(a) 
elect, for the Calculation Agent, to calculate the relevant Interest Amount and/or 
relevant level using in lieu of a published level for that Inflation Index, a level for the 
Inflation Index as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that Inflation Index last in effect prior to 
cancellation; or 
(b) 
unless (in the case of Notes or Certificates) Highest Value, Market Value or 
Monetisation Option are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, require 
the Issuer to redeem each Note or Certificate, or cancel each Warrant, as applicable, 
and if it so requires, the Issuer shall redeem each Note or Certificate and cancel each 
Warrant on the date notified by the Issuer to Holders of Securities in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants, or Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, as applicable, in which event the Issuer will pay to each Holder of 
Securities in respect of such Security held by him an amount equal to its Early 
Redemption Amount (in the case of Notes or Certificates) in accordance with 
Condition 7(e) of the Notes or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates, as applicable, or its 
Early Termination Amount (in the case of Warrants) in accordance with Condition 
8(c) of the Warrants, as applicable, payment being made in such manner as shall be 
notified to Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, 
Condition 17 of the Warrants, or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable. 
(c)  
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, 
or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem 
all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount 
in respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on 
such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix) (in the case of Notes) or 
in accordance with Condition 8(e)(viii) (in the case of Certificates); 
(d) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, 
or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem 
all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount 
in respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and paid on 
such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) (in the case of Notes), in 
accordance with Condition 8(e)(ix) (in the case of Certificates); 
(e) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities 
an amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated 
and paid on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(xi) (in the case 
of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(x) (in the case of Certificates); or 
(f)  
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, where one of the Highest Value, Market 
Value or Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of an Index Cancellation, if the Calculation Agent determines that such 
Index Cancellation constitutes a force majeure, and if Inflation Linked Condition 
3(vii)(f) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to Certificateholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the 
Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each Security 
held by such Holder of Securities, an amount in respect of each Security held by such

--- Page 1084 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1084 - 
Holder of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Condition 7(v) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 7(b) (in the 
case of Certificates) on the basis that ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs is 
applicable. 
 (viii)  General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of any of the circumstances set out in 
Inflation Linked Condition 3(i) to 3(vii) (inclusive) above, the Calculation Agent is under 
no duty to consider the interests of Holders of Securities or any other person.  In making 
any determination as to which action to take following the occurrence of the 
aforementioned circumstances, none of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty (to the extent permitted by any applicable law) shall be responsible for any 
loss (including liability in respect of interest), underperformance or opportunity cost 
suffered or incurred by Holders of Securities or any other person in connection with the 
Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in making 
any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities. 
4.
Definitions 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Valuation Date, five Business Days prior to such Valuation 
Date, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Valuation Date, that the Index Sponsor fails 
to publish or announce the Relevant Level. 
"Fallback Bond" means a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of 
the country to whose level of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or 
redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation Index, with a maturity date 
which falls on (a) the same day as the Maturity Date, the Settlement Date, or the Redemption Date, 
as applicable, (b) the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date, the Settlement Date, or the 
Redemption Date, as applicable, if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date, the 
Redemption Date, or the Settlement Date or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date, 
the Settlement Date, or the Redemption Date, as applicable, if no bond defined in (a) or (b) is selected 
by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European 
Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation 
of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and 
which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation 
in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond 
from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one 
inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the 
Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the Calculation Agent will select 
a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Final Fixing Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
month specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Inflation Index" or "Inflation Indices" means the index or indices specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 1085 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1085 - 
"Index Cancellation" means a level for the Inflation Index has not been published or announced for 
two consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Inflation Index and/or the Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index and no 
Successor Inflation Index exists. 
"Index Modification" means the Index Sponsor announces that it will make (in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent) a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the Inflation 
Index or in any other way materially modifies the Inflation Index. 
"Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the 
level of the relevant Inflation Index which as of the Issue Date of the Securities is the index sponsor 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Fixing Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
month specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Rebased Index" has the meaning given to it under Inflation Linked Condition 3 above. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month specified in the applicable Final Terms for which 
the level of the Inflation Index was reported, regardless of when this information is published or 
announced. If the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is a period other than a month, 
the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant Level was reported. 
"Related Bond" means the bond specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond 
specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback Bond", then for any Related Bond determination, 
the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms there will be no Related Bond. If a bond is selected as the Related Bond in the applicable 
Final Terms and that bond redeems or matures before the relevant Maturity Date, Settlement Date, 
or Redemption Date, as applicable, unless "Fallback Bond: Not applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination. 
"Related Bond Redemption Event" means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
at any time prior to the Maturity Date, Settlement Date or Redemption Date, as applicable, (i) the 
Related Bond is redeemed, repurchased or cancelled, (ii) the Related Bond becomes repayable prior 
to its stated date of maturity for whatever reason, or (iii) the issuer of the Related Bond announces 
that the Related Bond will be redeemed, repurchased or cancelled prior to its stated date of maturity. 
"Relevant Level" means, in respect of any Valuation Date or the Initial Fixing Date, the level of the 
Inflation Index, in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised in any calculation or 
determination to be made by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent in respect of such Valuation Date 
or the Initial Fixing Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
Cash Settled Security, the Relevant Level. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date or the Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
"Strike Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Initial Fixing Date. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms . 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 1086 ---
ANNEX 6 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1086 - 
"Successor Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in under Inflation Linked Condition 2 
above. 
"Substitute Inflation Index Level" means, in respect of a Delayed Index Level Event, the index 
level determined by the Issuer in accordance with Inflation Linked Condition 1 above. 
"Valuation Date" means the date (in the case of Warrants) or the Interest Valuation Date and/or 
Redemption Valuation Date (in the case of Notes and Certificates) and/or the Final Fixing Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 1087 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1087 - 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES  
The terms and conditions applicable to Currency Linked Securities shall comprise, in the case of Notes, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), in the case of Warrants, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 9 or 11), and, in the case of Certificates, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates" above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12) as applicable (the
"Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for payouts (as set out in Annex 1 under the heading 
"Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts" above) (the "Payout Conditions") and the additional Terms 
and Conditions set out below (the "Currency Linked Conditions") and any other additional Terms and 
Conditions that may be specified in the Final Terms (the "Additional Terms and Conditions"), in each case 
subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions 
and the Currency Linked Conditions, the Currency Linked Conditions shall prevail. In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Currency Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, 
the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1.
Definitions 
"Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such 
day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading 
Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means that any of the Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or Subject 
Currencies, splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates; 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation Agent determines 
that a Disruption Event has occurred; 
"FX Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any 
such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading 
Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply;

--- Page 1088 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1088 - 
"FX Digital Level" means:   
(a) 
if FX Digital Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the FX Averaging Dates;  
(b) 
if Single Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Level is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Period, the Settlement Price on the FX Digital Observation Date 
specified for such Resettable Period plus or minus, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
"FX Digital Observation Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
(if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading 
Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"FX Knock-in Level" means:  
(a) 
if Knock-in Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-in Averaging Dates;  
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; or 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-in is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
respect of a Resettable Knock-in Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-in Observation 
Date specified for such Resettable Knock-in Period plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
"FX Knock-out Level" means:  
(a) 
if Knock-out Average Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms the 
arithmetic average of the Settlement Prices for all the Knock-out Averaging Dates;  
(b) 
if Single Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Price on the Knock-out Observation Date plus or minus, as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment; 
(c) 
if Multiple Resettable Knock-out is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
in respect of a Resettable Knock-out Period, the Settlement Price on the Knock-out 
Observation Date specified for such Resettable Knock-out Period plus or minus, as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the Resettable Adjustment;

--- Page 1089 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1089 - 
"Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base Currency, 
Subject Currency and/or Subject Currencies whereby it becomes impossible for the Swap 
Counterparty to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Swap 
Counterparty to hedge its obligations under the Securities (in one or more transaction(s)) on the 
relevant Averaging Date or any Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for 
such Averaging Date or Settlement Price Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the relevant Price Source); 
"Knock-in Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if 
any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
(if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading 
Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Averaging Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
(if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading 
Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-in Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
(if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading 
Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Knock-out Observation Date" means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
(if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading 
Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency 
Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation

--- Page 1090 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1090 - 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of such date), the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled 
Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if 
Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
in respect of such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding 
Currency Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Condition 
3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Price Source" means the published source, information vendor or provider containing or reporting 
the rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is calculated as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Price Source Disruption" means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which 
the Settlement Price is calculated; 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Knock-in Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Knock-out Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Resettable Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event or a Dual Currency Disruption Event, as the case may be would 
have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market 
practice of the foreign exchange market) in the principal financial centres of the Base Currency and 
Subject Currency or Subject Currencies; 
"Settlement Price Date" means each Averaging Date, Strike Day, Strike Date, FX Averaging Dates, 
FX Digital Observation Date, Knock-in Averaging Date, Knock-out Averaging Date, Knock-in 
Observation Date, Knock-out Observation Date, Observation Date or Valuation Date, as the case 
may be; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, five Scheduled Trading Days; 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency 
Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in 
the next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Currency 
Linked Condition such date) or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither 
Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency 
Linked Condition 3 (Consequences of a Disruption Event) shall apply;

--- Page 1091 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1091 - 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the 
next calendar month, the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following 
Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) 
or the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention 
nor Modified Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of such date), in each case, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such 
day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Condition 3 (Consequences 
of a Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Valuation Date" means the date (in the case of Warrants), or the Interest Valuation Date and/or the 
Redemption Valuation Date (in the case of Notes or Certificates) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Preceding Currency Convention is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date), the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day or, if such Scheduled Trading Day falls in the next calendar month, the 
immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day (if Modified Following Currency Convention is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such date) or the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day (if neither Preceding Currency Convention nor Modified 
Following Currency Convention is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of such date), in each case, unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Condition 3 (Consequences of a 
Disruption Event) shall apply; 
"Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the time at 
which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Settlement Price is 
calculated; and 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not or is not deemed to occur. 
2. 
Disruption Events 
Unless Dual Currency  Certificates is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of any Base Currency, Subject Currency and/or 
Subject Currencies, shall be a Disruption Event: 
(a)
Price Source Disruption; 
(b)
unless specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity Disruption; 
(c)
Dual Exchange Rate; or 
(d)
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (a), (b)(if 
applicable) or (c). 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Holders of Securities in accordance 
with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that but for the occurrence of the 
Disrupted Day would have been an Averaging Date, Settlement Price Date, Knock-in Determination 
Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be.

--- Page 1092 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1092 - 
3. 
Consequences of a Disruption Event 
Upon a Disruption Event occurring or continuing on any Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the 
day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published by the Price Source) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall apply the applicable Disruption 
Fallback in determining the consequences of the Disruption Event. 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that may give rise to an alternative basis for 
determining the Settlement Price when a Disruption Event occurs or exists on a day that is a 
Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices for that date would, in the ordinary 
course, be published or announced by the Price Source).  The Calculation Agent shall take the 
relevant actions specified in either (a), (b) or (d) (in the case of Warrants) or (a),(c) or (d) (in the 
case of Notes and Certificates) below. 
(a)
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day, the Calculation Agent will determine that 
the relevant Settlement Price Date, as the case may be, shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day (in the case of any Settlement Price 
Date) or Valid Date (in the case of an Averaging Date or Strike Day) unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption immediately following the originally scheduled Settlement Price Date is a 
Disrupted Day in which case the Calculation Agent may determine that the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement Price Date 
(irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already a Settlement 
Price Date) and may determine the relevant value, level or price by using commercially 
reasonable efforts to determine a level for the Subject Currency as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day taking into consideration all available 
information that in good faith it deems relevant; or 
(b)
in the case of Warrants, if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the final 
Valuation Date on giving notice to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the 
Warrants, the Issuer shall cancel all but not some only of the Warrants, each Warrant being 
cancelled by payment of an amount equal to its Early Termination Amount in accordance 
with Condition 8(c) of the Warrants.  Payment shall be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the Warrants; or 
(c)
in the case of Notes and Certificates: 
(i)
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation 
Date, unless any of Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Disruption Event, 
Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by 
giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable, If the Securities are so redeemed the Issuer shall redeem each such Note 
or Certificate by payment of an amount equal to its Early Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Condition 7(e) of the Notes or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates, 
as applicable, payment being made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable; or 
(ii)
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation 
Date, and if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of a Disruption Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the Maturity Date (in the case

--- Page 1093 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1093 - 
of Notes) or on the Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) the Issuer shall 
redeem each Note or Certificate, as applicable, at an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (x) the Protected Amount (specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and (y) the Swap Early Termination Amount (if any). 
For the purposes of this Currency Linked Condition 3(c)(ii) "Swap Early 
Termination Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to, in respect of each Note 
or Certificate, and subject to a minimum of zero, a pro rata share of the sum of (1) 
the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) received by the 
Issuer under the Swap Agreement in connection with the termination of the Swap 
Agreement in whole or in part and (2) any interest which has accrued in respect of 
the amount of such Early Termination Amount received by the Issuer (which may 
be a positive or negative figure); 
(iii)
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation 
Date, and if Highest Value is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 
19 of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to 
each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder 
of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Condition 7(e)(ix) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(viii) 
(in the case of Certificates);  
(iv)
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation 
Date, and if Market Value is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 
19 of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to 
each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder 
of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Condition 7(e)(x) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(ix) 
(in the case of Certificates); 
(v)
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation 
Date, and if Monetisation Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 
19 of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to 
each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder 
of Securities calculated and paid on such date determined, in accordance with 
Condition 7(e)(xi) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(x) 
(in the case of Certificates); 
(vi)
if any Settlement Price Date is a Disrupted Day but is not the Redemption Valuation 
Date where one of the Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Disruption 
Event,  if the Calculation Agent determines that such Disruption Event constitutes 
a force majeure, and if Currency Linked Condition 3(c)(vi) is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to Certificateholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the Securities 
(in the case of Notes and Certificates) and pay to each Holder of Securities an 
amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities, calculated

--- Page 1094 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1094 - 
and paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 7(v) (in the case of 
Notes) or in accordance with Condition 7(b) (in the case of Certificates) on the 
basis that ERE Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs is applicable; or 
(d) 
unless Disruption Event Postponement is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, notwithstanding any provisions in the Conditions to the contrary, postpone any 
payment date related to such Settlement Price Date (or, if different, the day on which prices 
for that date would, in the ordinary course, be provided or announced by the Price Source), 
as the case may be (including the Maturity Date, Settlement Date or Redemption Date, as 
applicable) until the Business Day following the date on which a Disruption Event is no 
longer subsisting and no interest or other amount shall be paid by the Issuer in respect of 
such postponement. 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of a Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent is 
under no duty to consider the interests of any Holders of Securities or any other person. In making 
any determination as to which action to take following the occurrence of a Disruption Event, (to the 
extent permitted by any applicable law) none of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Swap 
Counterparty shall be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of loss of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Holders of Securities or any other 
person in connection with the Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result 
of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities. 
4.
Settlement Price
"Settlement Price" means in respect of a Subject Currency and a Settlement Price Date, and subject 
to Currency Linked Condition 3 above, an amount equal to the spot rate of exchange appearing on 
the Relevant Screen Page specified in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation Time on such 
Settlement Price Date, for the exchange of such Subject Currency into the Base Currency (expressed 
as the number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency 
can be exchanged) or, if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to 
four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the 
Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Subject Currency/Base Currency exchange rates (expressed 
as aforesaid) at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date, of two or more leading 
dealers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent), provided that if the relevant rate of exchange is derived from two or more rates 
of exchange, the Settlement Price shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent as provided above 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the basis of each such rate of 
exchange.  
5. 
Dual Currency Certificates
If "Dual Currency Certificates" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Currency 
Linked Conditions 5 to 10 (inclusive) will apply. 
6. 
Dual Currency Definitions
"DCC Dual Exchange Rate" means that one or more rates used to determine the Dual Currency 
Rate on a relevant day splits into dual or multiple currency exchange rates. 
"DCC Illiquidity Disruption" means the occurrence of any event in respect of any of the Base 
Currency and/or the Subject Currency, whereby it becomes impossible for the Calculation Agent 
or Issuer to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount determined necessary by the 
Calculation Agent or Issuer to hedge its obligations under the  (in one or more transaction(s)) on 
the relevant Dual Currency Determination Date.

--- Page 1095 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1095 - 
"Dual Currency Condition" means, in respect of a Dual Currency Determination Date, that the 
Dual Currency Rate in respect of such Dual Currency Determination Date is (a) "greater than", (b) 
"greater than or equal to", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than or equal to" the Initial Rate of Exchange. 
"Dual Currency Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Dual Currency 
Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Currency Linked Condition 10 (Consequences of 
a Dual Currency Disruption Event) shall apply. 
"Dual Currency Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Calculation 
Agent determines that a Dual Currency Disruption Event has occurred. 
"Dual Currency Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events, in 
respect of the Subject Currency or the Base Currency: 
(a) 
a DCC Illiquidity Disruption; 
(b) 
a DCC Dual Exchange Rate; or 
(c) 
any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to (a) or (b). 
"Dual Currency Rate" means the rate of exchange of the Base Currency into the Subject Currency 
at the Valuation Time on the relevant Dual Currency Determination Date (expressed as a number 
of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be 
exchanged), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Relevant Screen Page 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any successor page thereto), provided that, if such rate 
of exchange is not available from such Relevant Screen Page at such time, the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Strike Rate" means the rate of exchange for the exchange of the Subject Currency into the Base 
Currency (expressed as a number of units (or part units) of the Subject Currency for which one unit 
of the Base Currency can be exchanged) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7. 
Settlement Currency
If: 
(a) 
Dual Currency Condition 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Currency in respect of the relevant Interest Amount, the relevant Premium 
Amount or the Cash Settlement Amount (as the case may be) will be (i) the Base Currency 
if the Dual Currency Condition on the relevant Dual Currency Determination Date is 
satisfied, otherwise (ii) the Subject Currency; or 
(b) 
Dual Currency Condition 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Settlement Currency in respect of the relevant Interest Amount or the relevant Premium 
Amount will be the Base Currency and the Settlement Currency in respect of the Cash 
Settlement Amount will be (i) the Base Currency if the Dual Currency Condition on the 
relevant Dual Currency Determination Date is satisfied, otherwise (ii) the Subject Currency. 
8. 
Dual Currency Cash Settlement Amount
In respect of Currency Linked Securities where Dual Currency Certificates is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the definition of "Cash Settlement Amount" in Condition 
6(a) (Method of Payment) of the Certificates shall be deleted and replaced with the following:

--- Page 1096 ---
ANNEX 7 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CURRENCY LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1096 - 
"Cash Settlement Amount" shall be an amount (which may never be less than zero) to which the 
Holder of Securities is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation to each such equal to the 
Final Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Cash Settlement Amount (if any) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention, provided that if Rounding Convention 2 is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Cash Settlement Amount shall not be subject to 
rounding but Securities of the same Series held by the same Holder of Securities will be aggregated 
for the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount in respect of such  and the 
aggregate of such Cash Settlement Amounts will be rounded down to the nearest whole sub-unit 
of the Settlement Currency in such manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine, provided that 
if the product of the Final Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable in respect of the relevant. 
If the Dual Currency Condition is satisfied, the Cash Settlement Amount will be converted into the 
Settlement Currency at the Strike Rate.".  
9. 
Dual Currency Interest or Premium Amount
If Dual Currency Condition 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4 (Interest) of the Certificates (in the case of any 
amount of interest payable in respect of the Securities) and/or notwithstanding the provision of 
Condition 5 (Premium Amount) of the Certificates (in the case of any Premium Amount payable 
in respect of the Certificates), if the Dual Currency Condition is satisfied on the relevant Dual 
Currency Determination Date the amount of interest or the Premium Amount, as applicable, will 
be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Strike Rate. 
10. 
Consequences of a Dual Currency Disruption Event
If a Dual Currency Determination Date is a Dual Currency Disrupted Day as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will determine that the Dual Currency Determination 
Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Dual Currency Disrupted 
Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the originally scheduled Dual Currency 
Determination Date is a Dual Currency Disrupted Day, in which case the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Dual Currency Determination Date (irrespective of whether that last consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day is already a Dual Currency Determination Date) and will determine the Dual Currency 
Rate by using commercially reasonable efforts to determine a rate of exchange of the Subject 
Currency into the Base Currency as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
Upon the occurrence of a Dual Currency Disrupted Day on any day that but for the occurrence of 
the Dual Currency Disrupted Day would have been a Dual Currency Determination Date, the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to Holders in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices) of the Certificates.

--- Page 1097 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1097 - 
ANNEX 8 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES  
The terms and conditions applicable to Fund Linked Securities shall comprise, in the case of Notes, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), in the case of Warrants, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Warrants (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" above and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 9 or 11), and, in the case of Certificates, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12) as applicable (the "Conditions") and the 
additional Terms and Conditions for payouts (as set out in Annex 1 under the heading "Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Payouts" above) (the "Payout Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set 
out below (the "Fund Linked Conditions") and any other additional Terms and Conditions that may be 
specified in the Final Terms (the "Additional Terms and Conditions"), in each case subject to completion  
in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Fund Linked 
Conditions and/or the Additional Terms and Conditions, the Fund Linked Conditions and/or the Additional 
Terms and Conditions (as applicable) shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the 
Conditions and/or the Fund Linked Conditions and/or the Additional Terms and Conditions and (ii) the Final 
Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
Fund Linked Conditions 1 to 6 (inclusive) apply to Fund Linked Securities other than Fund Linked Securities 
relating to Euro Funds. 
1. 
Definitions
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, with 
respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, EUR50,000,000 or (ii) a Hedge Fund, EUR100,000,000, or the 
equivalent in any other currency. 
"Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day. 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred in respect of one or 
more Funds comprising the Fund Basket or the Fund Index, as the case may be, which has or, in the 
event that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred in respect of more than one Fund, together 
have, a Weighting in the Fund Basket or the Fund Index, as the case may be,  equal to or greater than 
the Basket Trigger Level. 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, means 50 per cent. 
"Delayed Payment Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, the date falling two calendar years after the originally designated Settlement Date, 
Maturity Date, Redemption Date, the Automatic Early Redemption Date, the Scheduled Exercise 
Date or Termination Date, as the case may be;

--- Page 1098 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1098 - 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Fund Event, 
the date on which such Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fund" means each Mutual Fund, Hedge Fund or Private Equity Fund or, in the case of a Fund 
Index, each Fund Index Component comprised in such Fund Index. 
"Fund Basket" means where the Securities are linked to the performance of Fund Shares of more 
than one Fund or more than one Fund Index, a basket comprising such Fund Shares, or Fund Indices, 
as the case may be. 
"Fund Business Day" means either (i) with respect to a single Fund, Fund Business Day (Single 
Fund Share Basis), or (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket or a Fund Index, either Fund Business Day 
(All Fund Shares Basis) or Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Fund 
Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) shall apply. 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Basket or a Fund 
Index, a date (i) that is a Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprised in the Fund Basket or 
the Fund Index, as the case may be, and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a 
subscription or redemption order for each such Fund Share executed at the NAV per Fund Share 
published by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value) 
in respect of such Fund Valuation Date. 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that 
is a Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share, and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, 
or could have, a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund 
Share published  by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such 
value) in respect of such Fund Valuation Date.  
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) 
that is a Fund Valuation Date, and (ii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription 
or redemption order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published  by the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value) in respect of such Fund 
Valuation Date. 
"Fund Documents" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, with respect 
to any Fund Share, the offering document of the relevant Fund specifying, among other matters, the 
terms and conditions relating to such Fund Share and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other 
documents or agreements in respect of the Fund as further described in any Fund Document. 
"Fund Index" means an index comprising one or more funds (each such Fund comprising a Fund 
Index a "Fund Index Component") and specified as a Fund Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fund Index Sponsor" means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) 
the level of the Fund Index, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified in respect of a 
Fund Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, in respect of such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund 
Documents, including any adviser, manager, administrator, operator, management company, 
depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer 
agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner and any other person specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 1099 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1099 - 
"Fund Share(s)" means (i) an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a Fund or any 
other interest specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in the case of a Fund Index, the 
shares (or other ownership interest) in a Fund Index Component comprised in each such Fund Index. 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the 
Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is or but for the occurrence 
of an Extraordinary Fund Event would have been, scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share. 
"Hedge Fund" means the hedge fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who 
hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities and/or the Swap Counterparty's obligations 
in respect of the Swap Agreement or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a 
Hypothetical Investor, who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations.  
The Hedge Provider will (i) hold or be deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or (ii) enter or 
be deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the 
performance of, such number of Fund Shares as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the 
Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the 
relevant Securities. 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical investor in Fund Shares which is deemed to have the 
benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding the 
relevant number of Fund Shares at the relevant time (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the 
context of the relevant situation).  The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation 
Agent to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation). 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
so specified, the Hedging Date. 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means the number of Fund Business Days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 10 Fund Business Days; 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares and Entity (as defined below), any (i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person, (ii) consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity with or into another entity 
or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange 
in which such Entity, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change 
of all of such Shares outstanding), (iii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares of an Entity that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer 
all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or (iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Entity is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding 
Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such 
event, in each case if the Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, is on or before the Final Calculation Date. For the purposes of this definition "Merger Event" 
only, "Shares" shall mean the applicable Fund Shares or the shares of any applicable Fund Service

--- Page 1100 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1100 - 
Provider, as the context may require, and "Entity" shall mean the applicable Fund or any applicable 
Fund Service Provider, as the context may require.  
"Mutual Fund" means the mutual fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"NAV per Fund Share" means, with respect to the relevant Fund Shares and a Fund Business Day, 
(i) the net asset value per Fund Share as of the related Fund Valuation Date, as reported by the Fund 
Service Provider that generally publishes or reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors 
or a publishing service, or (ii) if the Fund Service Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the 
aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net asset value per Fund Share calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares divided by the 
number of Fund Shares issued and outstanding as of the related Fund Valuation Date. 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of the Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has 
decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during 
the related NAV Trigger Period, or (ii) the Fund having violated any leverage restriction that is 
applicable to, or affects, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgement of 
any court or other agency of government, the Fund Documents or any other contractual restriction 
binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets. 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, 50 per cent. or (ii) a Hedge Fund, 50 per cent. 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final 
Calculation Date. 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or if not so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, 5 calendar days or (ii) a Hedge 
Fund, 10 calendar days. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately following Fund Business 
Day. 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Private Equity Fund" means the private equity fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means, if the Securities are Hybrid Securities and Hybrid Business Day 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, for the purpose of determining whether a 
day is a Hybrid Business Day, a Fund Business Day; 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each Cash Settled Security, subject to the provisions of this 
Annex and as referred to in "Valuation Date" or "Averaging Date" or "Observation Date", as the 
case may be: 
(i) 
in the case of Fund Linked Securities relating to a Basket of Fund Indices and in respect of 
each Fund Index comprising the Basket of Fund Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed 
to be a monetary value in the Fund Index Currency) equal to the official level for each such 
Fund Index published by the Fund Index Sponsor as determined by the Calculation Agent 
or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of each such Fund Index

--- Page 1101 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1101 - 
determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Strike Date, Observation Date or the Valuation 
Date, as the case maybe, or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date and, in either case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(ii) 
in the case of Fund Linked Securities relating to a single Fund Index, an amount equal to 
the official level of the Fund Index published by the Fund Index Sponsor as determined by 
the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of the Fund 
Index determined by the Calculation Agent at the Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is not 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Strike Date, Observation Date or the Valuation 
Date, as the case maybe, or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date or a 
Valuation Date, as the case may be; 
"Strike Date" means the Strike Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day 
is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not 
a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Swap Early Termination Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to, in respect of each Note or 
Certificate, and subject to a minimum of zero, a pro rata share of the sum of (1) the Early 
Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) received by the Issuer under the Swap 
Agreement in connection with the termination of the Swap Agreement in whole or in part, and (2) 
any interest which has accrued in respect of the amount of such Early Termination Amount received 
by the Issuer (which may be a positive or negative figure); 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 
100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the Fund or Fund Service Provider, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
"Termination Amount" means: 
(A)
unless Highest Value, Market Value or Monetisation Option are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as applicable, in respect of Notes and Certificates, an amount per Note or 
Certificate determined as: 
(i)  
the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of: 
(1) 
the Protected Amount; and 
(2) 
the Swap Early Termination Amount;  
(iii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is not 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption

--- Page 1102 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1102 - 
Amount in accordance with Condition 7(e) of the Notes or Condition 8(e) of the 
Certificates; or 
(iv) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, 
or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem 
all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an 
amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and 
paid on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix) (in the case of 
Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(viii) (in the case of Certificates); 
(v) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes 
or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem 
all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an 
amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and 
paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) (in the case of 
Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(ix) (in the case of Certificates); 
(vi) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities 
an amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated 
and paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 7(e)(xi) (in the case 
of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(x) (in the case of Certificates); or 
(vii) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, where one of the Highest Value, Market 
Value or Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of an Extraordinary Fund Event, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the relevant Extraordinary Fund Event or combination of 
Extraordinary Fund Events constitutes a force majeure, and if Fund Force Majeure 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will on giving notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to Certificateholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates redeem all but not some only 
of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each 
Security held by such Holder of Securities, calculated and paid on such date 
determined in accordance with Condition 7(v) (in the case of Notes) or in 
accordance with Condition 7(b) (in the case of Certificates) on the basis that ERE 
Force Majeure/No Unwind Costs is applicable; or 
(B)
in the case of Warrants, an amount per Warrant equal to the Early Termination Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 8(c) of the Warrants. 
"Termination Date" means (i) the date determined by the Calculation Agent, as provided herein, 
and specified in the notice given to Holders of Securities in accordance with Fund Linked Condition 
4.2(c), or (ii) in the case of Notes, if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund 
Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date, or (iii) in the 
case of Certificates, if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Date. 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Valuation Date" means (i) in respect of the Notes and Certificates, the Interest Valuation Date 
and/or Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or,

--- Page 1103 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1103 - 
if such day is not a Fund Business Day, the immediately succeeding Fund Business Day and (ii) in 
respect of the Warrants, the first Fund Business Day following the Actual Exercise Date of the 
relevant Warrant. 
"Valuation Time" means the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
Subject to the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 3 (Determination of Extraordinary Fund 
Events), "Extraordinary Fund Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after 
the Trade Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
2.1 
any Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund 
Service Provider, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, 
custodian, prime brokerage or any other relevant business (as applicable) (ii) is dissolved or 
has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official 
liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (iii) makes a 
general assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv)(1) institutes 
or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary 
insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its 
incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented 
for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) 
has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or 
petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iv)(1) 
above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an 
order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment 
of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to any event with 
respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to 
any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
2.2 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
2.3 
there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which the Calculation 
Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could 
materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies of any investor in 
such Fund Shares; or 
2.4 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or any 
Fund Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent 
reasonably determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any 
investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings is commenced

--- Page 1104 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1104 - 
or is threatened against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key personnel of such 
entities if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies 
of any investor in such Fund Shares; 
Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events:
2.5 
(i) a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not 
immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent 
and/or (ii) any event occurs which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent) cause, the failure of the Fund and/or any Fund Service Provider 
to meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking under the Fund Documents which failure 
is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Fund Shares or on the 
rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
2.6 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund or a 
Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service Provider 
fails to appoint a replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or 
individuals ceasing to act; 
Modification Events: 
2.7 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment 
restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund (howsoever described, 
including the underlying type of assets in which the Fund invests), from those set out in the 
Fund Documents, or any announcement regarding a potential modification or deviation, 
except where such modification or deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature;  
2.8 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any 
announcement regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or 
disappearance (howsoever described), of the type of assets (i) in which the Fund invests, or 
(ii) the Fund purports to track;  
2.9 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material 
modification, of the Fund (including but not limited to a material modification of the Fund 
Documents or to the Fund’s liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which does 
not affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share 
relates (either alone or in common with other Fund Shares issued by the Fund);  
2.10 
the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit howsoever described;  
2.11 
the currency denomination of the Fund Shares is amended from that set out in the Fund 
Documents so that the NAV per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency as 
it was as at the Trade Date;  
2.12 
if applicable, the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the 
legislation of its relevant jurisdiction; or 
2.13 
following the issue or creation of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents) of shares or units by the Fund, the Calculation Agent determines taking into 
consideration the potential cross-liability between classes of shares or units (howsoever 
described in the Fund Documents) that such new class or series has or may have an adverse 
effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation to the Securities;

--- Page 1105 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1105 - 
NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events: 
2.14 
a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per Fund Share;  
2.15 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the NAV per Fund 
Share;  
2.16 
any suspension of the calculation or publication of the NAV per Fund Share;  
2.17 
the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that the Calculation Agent determines, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, would make it impossible or 
impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the NAV per Fund Share;  
2.18 
any of the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund 
fails for any reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share within the Number of 
NAV Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination of the valuation 
of the Fund Shares unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and 
outside the immediate and direct control of the entity responsible for such publication;  
2.19 
any Fund Service Provider uses asset prices provided by the investment manager 
(howsoever described in the Fund Documents) to calculate the NAV per Fund Share when 
such asset prices could have been obtained from independent sources and the asset prices 
from independent sources materially diverge from the asset prices provided by the 
investment manager (howsoever described in the Fund Documents); 
2.20 
the assets under management of the Fund falls below the AUM Level;  
2.21 
the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share is 
inaccurate, or (ii) the reported net asset value of the Fund Shares misrepresents the net asset 
value of the Fund Shares;  
2.22 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; or 
2.23 
in the case of a Hedge Fund only, the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV 
per Fund Share is different from the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per 
Fund Share communicated by the relevant Fund Service Provider in respect of the same 
date, (ii) the auditors of the Fund qualify any audit report, or refuse to provide an unqualified 
audit report, in respect of the Fund, and/or (iii) the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, does not deem the audited net asset value of the 
Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share to be representative of the actual net asset value of 
the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund Share; 
Reporting Events: 
2.24 
any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver or publish, or cause to be 
delivered or published, (i) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver or publish, or 
agreed to cause to be delivered or published, to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, 
or (ii) information that has been previously delivered to the Hedge Provider or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, or its authorised 
representative’s, normal practice and that the Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment 
guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to the Fund 
Share; or

--- Page 1106 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1106 - 
2.25 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, 
with any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the 
investment portfolio or other activities or undertakings of the Fund;  
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events: 
2.26 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or 
regulations relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any 
hedging arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Securities (a 
"Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one 
calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, used 
reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to 
transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge 
Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result 
in it or any of its Affiliates sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out 
above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes apparent at 
any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the Tax Event; or 
2.27 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or a Fund Service Provider are or 
become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of 
compliance with any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any 
governmental, administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the 
interpretation thereof, in any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the Fund by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the Fund), (ii) a relevant 
authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in 
respect of the Fund or a Fund Service Provider or new conditions are imposed, or existing 
conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or licence, (iii) the Fund is required 
by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares, (iv) the Hedge Provider is required 
by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of or compulsorily redeem 
any Fund Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements relating to the Securities 
and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the Fund or 
any Fund Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value 
of the Fund Shares or other activities or undertakings of the Fund or on the rights or 
remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares, including any Hedge Provider; 
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events: 
2.28 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Securities, as a result of any 
adoption of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever 
described, after the Trade Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any 
change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other relevant event (each 
a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Hedge Provider to 
hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify 
any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the 
amount or cost of regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any 
holding of Fund Shares or that would subject a holder of the Fund Shares or the Hedge 
Provider to any loss), purchase or sell the relevant Fund Shares or any underlying assets of 
or related to the Fund or for the Hedge Provider to maintain such hedging arrangements 
and, (ii) subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar 
week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements

--- Page 1107 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1107 - 
to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any 
circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in it or any of its Affiliates 
sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one calendar week set out above 
shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no 
practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event;  
2.29 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, if the cost to the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Securities and the related hedging arrangements (including, but 
not limited to, new or increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or the combined effect 
thereof if occurring more than once)) would be materially increased or the Hedge Provider 
would be subject to a material loss relating to the Securities and the related hedging 
arrangements;  
2.30 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, the Hedge Provider is 
unable or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems 
necessary to hedge the Swap Counterparty's obligations under the Swap Agreement or the 
Issuer's obligations under the Securities or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds of 
any such transaction or asset, including, without limitation, where such inability or 
impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions or increase in charges or fees 
imposed by the Fund on any investor’s ability to redeem a Fund Share, in whole or in part, 
or any existing or new investor’s ability to make new or additional investments in such Fund 
Share, or (B) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Share; or 
2.31 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, the Hedge Provider 
directly or indirectly acquires any ownership interest in or sponsors a covered fund that is 
not subject to an exemption under 12 U.S.C. §1851 (the "U.S. Volcker Rule"); 
2.32 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty (and/or any of 
its Affiliates) would incur an increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to maintain the Securities;  
2.33 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the series of Securities, (i) the 
Hedge Provider unintentionally acquires directly or indirectly any ownership interest in a 
Fund that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total assets under management or (ii) as a consequence 
of changes in the performance, size, investment strategy or liquidity of a Fund, the Hedge 
Provider holds an ownership interest in such Fund that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total 
assets under management; 
Dealing Events: 
2.34 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or 
redemption order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, 
any non-execution by the Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit), (ii) the Fund 
suspends or refuses transfers of any of its Fund Shares (including, without limitation, if the 
Fund applies any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions permitting the 
Fund to delay or refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares), (iii) the Fund imposes in 
whole or in part any restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in specie), 
charge or fee in respect of a redemption or subscription of its Fund Shares by the Hedge 
Provider or exercises its right to claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund 
Shares, if in any case it could in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner have an adverse impact on the Hedge 
Provider’s rights or obligations in relation to its hedging activities in relation to the

--- Page 1108 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1108 - 
Securities, or (iv) a mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of the Fund Shares is 
imposed by the Fund on any one or more holders of Fund Shares at any time for any reason;  
Miscellaneous Events: 
2.35 
in the case of Securities linked to a Fund Basket, or a Fund Index, a Basket Trigger Event 
occurs;  
2.36 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider defaults under, materially modifies, or terminates 
any rebate agreements in place with the Hedge Provider or any of its Affiliates;  
2.37 
if the Fund is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross-
contamination or other failure to segregate  the portfolio of assets held by the Fund occurs 
between different series, classes and/or sub-funds;  
2.38 
any security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service Provider over any of its assets is 
enforced or becomes capable of being enforced or any arrangement which in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent is comparable to security over any such assets 
(including without limitation any repo or prime brokerage arrangement) becomes 
enforceable or capable of early termination or any derivatives, repo, securities lending or 
other trading or dealing arrangement relating to the assets of the Fund becomes enforceable 
or terminable early by reason of any event of default (howsoever described) relating to the 
Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider; or 
2.39 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund 
Service Provider or any parent company (howsoever described) of the Fund, by Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd., or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody’s"), and/or 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, or any successor to the ratings business thereof 
("S&P"), is downgraded below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody’s) and/or the short-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund Service Provider by 
Moody's or S&P is downgraded below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's). 
References solely in this Fund Linked Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) to: 
(i) 
"Fund" shall include the Fund and any funds in which it invests any of its investible assets 
from time to time; and 
(ii) 
"Fund Shares" shall include the Fund Shares and the shares or units in any Fund (as defined 
in paragraph (i) above). 
All of the events listed in this Fund Linked Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) will constitute 
an Extraordinary Fund Event, unless SC/FM Fund Events is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, in which case the events described in Fund Linked Conditions 2.13, 2.17, 2.26, 2.27(iv), 
2.27(v), 2.28, 2.29, 2.30, 2.31, 2.32, 2.33 and 2.34(iii) will not constitute an Extraordinary Fund 
Event. 
3. 
Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary 
Fund Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of 
any event or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs 
more than once.

--- Page 1109 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1109 - 
4. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
4.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice (an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notice") to the 
Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the 
Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable, (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), of the occurrence of such Extraordinary Fund Event (the date on which an 
Extraordinary Fund Event Notice is given, an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notification 
Date") as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event. The Extraordinary Fund Event Notice shall set out, if determined at that time, 
the action that the Calculation Agent has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary 
Fund Event pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 4.2 (in the case of a Fund that is not a Fund 
Index Component) or Fund Linked Condition 4.3(c) (in the case of a Fund that is a Fund 
Index Component).  Where the action that the Calculation Agent has determined to take is 
not, for whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the action that it 
has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Holders of Securities 
in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 
19 of the Certificates, as applicable, as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Holder of Securities or 
any other person in connection with the Securities as a result of any delay in notifying 
Holders of Securities of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, howsoever arising. 
If the Calculation Agent gives an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the Issuer shall have no 
obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the Securities until the Calculation 
Agent has determined the action that the Issuer is to take pursuant to Fund Linked Condition 
4.2 or Fund Linked Condition 4.3, as the case may be. 
4.2 
In the case of a Fund that is not a Fund Index Component, following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, the Calculation Agent shall (i) to the extent that an equivalent 
adjustment or substitution or determination to take no action, as the case may be, has been 
made in respect of the relevant Swap Agreement, take the action described in (a) or (b) 
below or (ii) in the event that the circumstances giving rise to such Extraordinary Fund 
Event result in an Additional Termination Event occurring in respect of the relevant Swap 
Agreement, take the action set out in (c) below, provided that, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred or is continuing on the Delayed 
Payment Cut-off Date in accordance with the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 5 below, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine that the action to be taken in respect of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event is "Termination". 
Adjustment 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the action to be taken by the Issuer in respect of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent may determine, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the appropriate 
adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more Fund, Fund Share and/or the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of these Fund Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms to take account of the Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective date of 
such adjustment.

--- Page 1110 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1110 - 
(b) 
Substitution 
If the Calculation Agent, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
that the action to be taken by the Issuer in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be 
"Substitution", the Calculation Agent shall:  
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which a Hypothetical Investor can 
redeem the Fund Shares in the relevant Fund (the "Affected Fund") in such 
number as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as soon as it is reasonably practicable following 
the Extraordinary Fund Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days following the date on which a 
Hypothetical Investor would have received proceeds from a redemption order in 
full submitted by the Hedge Provider as soon as practicable following the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, use reasonable efforts to substitute 
the Fund Shares with shares, units or other similar interests in an alternative fund 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner), has similar characteristics to the Affected 
Fund, including but not limited to, comparable investment objectives, investment 
restrictions and investment processes and has service providers acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent;  
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraph 
(ii) above, use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund with an index (or a fund 
tracking such index) selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above, 
the Calculation Agent may make such determinations and/or adjustments to these 
Fund Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as it determines to be 
appropriate to take account of such Substitution.  
(c) 
Termination 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the action to be taken by the Issuer in respect of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Termination", on giving notice to Holders of Securities 
in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 
19 of the Certificates, as applicable, (which such notice may be included in the 
Extraordinary Fund Event Notice in respect of the relevant Extraordinary Fund Event and 
will specify the Termination Date), all but not some only of the outstanding Securities shall 
be redeemed (in the case of Notes and Certificates) or cancelled (in the case of Warrants) 
by payment to the Holders of Securities of the Termination Amount on the Termination 
Date, payment being made in such a manner as shall be notified to the Holders of Securities 
in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 
19 of the Certificates, as applicable. 
4.3 
 In the case of a Fund that is a Fund Index Component, following the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may take the action described below in 4.3(a), (b) or 
(c): 
(a) 
if the Extraordinary Fund Event occurs or is subsisting on a Settlement Price Date, 
require the Calculation Agent to determine the relevant index level and the 
Settlement Price for such date using the NAV per Fund Share for each Fund Index 
Component comprising the relevant Fund Index in accordance with (A) and (B)

--- Page 1111 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1111 - 
below in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the index level 
on the date on which the Extraordinary Fund Event occurs; 
(A)
with respect to each Fund Index Component which is not affected by an 
Extraordinary Fund Event, the index level will be calculated using the 
NAV per Fund Share of such Fund Index Component on the relevant 
Settlement Price Date; and 
(B)
with respect to each Fund Index Component which is affected by an 
Extraordinary Fund Event (each an "Affected Fund Index Component"), 
the index level will be calculated using the NAV per Fund Share of such 
Fund Index Component on the first Fund Business Day following the 
relevant Settlement Price Date on which no Extraordinary Fund Event 
occurs or is subsisting with respect to the Affected Fund Index 
Component, unless an Extraordinary Fund Event in respect of the Affected 
Fund Index Component is occurring for the number of consecutive Fund 
Business Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the relevant Settlement Price Date. In that case the last such 
consecutive Fund Business Day shall be deemed to be the Settlement Price 
Date for the Affected Fund Index Component, notwithstanding the 
Extraordinary Fund Event and the Calculation Agent will determine the 
price of the Affected Fund Index Component based upon the price at which 
a Hypothetical Investor can sell or otherwise realise any hedge positions 
in respect of an Affected Fund Index Component during the period of five 
Fund Business Days following such Settlement Price Date;  
(b) 
require the Calculation Agent to use reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund Index 
that includes the Affected Fund Index Component (the "Affected Fund Index") 
with an alternative fund index which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) measures the same 
(or a substantially similar) market or economic reality as the Affected Fund Index, 
including, but not limited to, the method of calculation; or 
(c) 
on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or 
to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates or to 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the Warrants (which such 
notice may be included in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice in respect of the 
relevant Extraordinary Fund Event), redeem all but not some only of the 
outstanding Securities by payment of the Termination Amount on the date 
determined as set out in the definition of Termination Amount, payment being 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 
19 of the Certificates or to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the 
Warrants. 
4.4 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the 
Calculation Agent is under no duty to consider the interests of any Holders of Securities or 
any other person. In making any determination as to which action to take following the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, (to the extent permitted by applicable law) none 
of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Swap Counterparty (to the extent permitted by

--- Page 1112 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1112 - 
applicable law) shall be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of loss of 
interest), underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Holders of Securities 
or any other person in connection with the Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising 
including as a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the 
Securities. 
5. 
Settlement Date / Redemption Date / Maturity Date / Automatic Early Redemption Date / 
Automatic Early Expiration Date / Termination Date Extension 
In the case of Cash Settled Securities, if on the date falling two Business Days prior to the originally 
designated Settlement Date, Redemption Date, Maturity Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date, 
Automatic Early Expiration Date, or Termination Date as the case may be, the Hedge Provider has 
not, after having placed one or more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in 
respect of such Fund Shares (the "Redemption Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may postpone the 
Settlement Date, Redemption Date, Maturity Date, Automatic Early Redemption Date, Automatic 
Early Expiration Date, or Termination Date, as the case may be, and notify the Holders thereof in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, as applicable. 
As soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable, (such notice 
the "Delayed Payment Notice") and cancel (in the case of Warrants) or redeem (in the case of Notes 
or Certificates) the Securities on the date falling not more than five Business Days following the 
receipt of the Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed Settlement Date") by payment 
to each Holder of Securities of the Cash Settlement Amount, the Final Redemption Amount, 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount, or the Automatic Early Expiration Payout Amount, as the 
case may be, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the Redemption Proceeds within 
the period ending on (and including) the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred and is continuing on the Delayed Payment 
Cut-off Date and shall notify Holders of Securities thereof in accordance with the procedures set out 
in Fund Linked Condition 4 above, and in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or Condition 
17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable and the provisions of Fund 
Linked Condition 4.2(c) shall apply. 
In the case of interest bearing Securities or Certificates which pay a Premium Amount, if on the date 
falling two Business Days prior to an Interest Payment Date or Premium Amount Payment Date, as 
applicable, the Hedge Provider has not, after having placed one or more redemption orders in respect 
of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the terms of the relevant Fund Documents, received 
redemption proceeds in full in respect of such Fund Shares (the "Redemption Proceeds"), the 
Calculation Agent may notify the Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as the case may be, that 
such Interest Payment Date or Premium Amount Payment Date, as the case may be, has been 
postponed. As soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption 
Proceeds the Calculation Agent shall give notice in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, 
Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as the case may be, (such notice 
the "Delayed Payment Notice" and the Issuer shall pay the Interest Amount or Premium Amount in 
respect of the Interest Period or Premium Amount Period, as the case may be, ending on or 
immediately preceding the Interest Payment Date or Premium Amount Payment Date, as the case 
may be, on the date falling more than five Business Days following the receipt of the Delayed 
Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed Payment Date") and no additional amount shall be 
payable in respect of such delay, provided that, if the Hedge Provider does not receive the 
Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on the (and including) the Delayed Payment Cut-off

--- Page 1113 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1113 - 
Date, the Calculation Agent shall determine that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred and is 
continuing on the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date and shall notify Holders of Securities thereof in 
accordance with the procedures set out in Fund Linked Condition 4 above, and in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes or Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable, and the provisions of Fund Linked Condition 4.2(c) shall apply.   
6. 
Fund Index Adjustment Event 
If (a) on or prior to any Settlement Price Date, the relevant Fund Index Sponsor makes or announces 
that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating a relevant Fund 
Index or in any other way materially modifies that Fund Index (other than a modification prescribed 
in that formula or method to maintain the Fund Index in the event of changes in the Fund Index 
Components and other routine events) (a "Fund Index Modification"), or permanently cancels a 
relevant Fund Index and no successor Fund Index exists (a "Fund Index Cancellation"), or (b) on 
any Settlement Price Date, the Fund Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the successor Fund Index 
Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Fund Index (a "Fund Index Disruption" and, 
together with a Fund Index Modification and a Fund Index Cancellation, each a "Fund Index 
Adjustment Event"), then: 
(i)
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Fund Index Adjustment Event has a material 
effect on the Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant value, level or price using, in 
lieu of a published level for that Fund Index, the level for that Fund Index as at the Valuation 
Time on such Settlement Price Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the formula for and method of calculating that Fund Index last in effect prior to the 
change, failure or cancellation, but using only those Fund Index Components that comprised 
that Fund Index immediately prior to that Fund Index Adjustment Event; or 
(ii)
the Calculation Agent may use commercially reasonable efforts to select a successor fund 
index which in its opinion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
measures the same (or a substantially similar) market or economic reality as the original 
Fund Index and, upon selection of such fund index, the Calculation Agent shall promptly 
notify the Holders in accordance with Condition 17 and such fund index will be deemed to 
be the "Fund Index" for the purpose of the Securities and the Calculation Agent will make 
such adjustment, if any, to one or more of the terms of the Securities as it (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines appropriate; or 
(iii)
the Calculation Agent may determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner such other appropriate adjustments, if any, to be made to the terms of the Securities 
to account for the Fund Index Adjustment Event and determine the effective date of those 
adjustments; or  
(iv)
(A) in the case of Notes and Certificates only, unless Highest Value, Market Value, 
Monetisation Option or Delayed Redemption on Fund Index Adjustment Event are specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem the Securities by 
giving notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates.  If the Securities are 
so redeemed the Issuer will pay an amount to each Holder in respect of each Security equal 
to the Early Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Condition 7(e) of the Notes 
or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates.  Payment will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or to 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates; or

--- Page 1114 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1114 - 
(B) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence 
of Fund Index Adjustment Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms and Early Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, on the Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) or on the 
Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) the Issuer shall redeem each Note or 
Certificate, as applicable, at an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal 
to the sum of (x) the Protected Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and (y) the Swap Early Termination Amount (if any). 
For the purposes of this Fund Linked Condition 6(iv)(B) "Swap Early 
Termination Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to, in respect of each Note 
or Certificate, and subject to a minimum of zero, a pro rata share of the sum of (1) 
the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) received by the 
Issuer under the Swap Agreement in connection with the termination of the Swap 
Agreement in whole or in part and (2) any interest which has accrued in respect of 
the amount of such Early Termination Amount received by the Issuer (which may 
be a positive or negative figure); 
(C) 
in the case of Warrants only, the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice 
to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the Warrants. If the 
Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each holder in respect 
of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, 
equal to the Early Termination Amount in accordance with Condition 8(c) of the 
Warrants.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the Warrants. 
(D) 
if Highest Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, 
or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem 
all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an 
amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and 
paid on such date determined, in accordance with Condition 7(e)(ix) (in the case of 
Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(viii) (in the case of Certificates); or 
(E) 
if Market Value is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, 
or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, redeem 
all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities an 
amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated and 
paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 7(e)(x) (in the case of 
Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(ix) (in the case of Certificates); or 
(F) 
if Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes, or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities and pay to each Holder of Securities 
an amount in respect of each Security held by such Holder of Securities calculated 
and paid on such date determined in accordance with Condition 7(e)(xi) (in the case 
of Notes) or in accordance with Condition 8(e)(x) (in the case of Certificates); or 
(G) 
in the case of Notes and Certificates only, where one of the Highest Value, Market 
Value or Monetisation Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms in respect of a Fund Index Adjustment Event,  if the Calculation Agent 
determines that such Fund Index Adjustment Event constitutes a force majeure, and 
if Fund Linked Condition 6(iv)(G) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will on giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes or to Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, 
redeem all but not some only of the Securities (in the case of Notes and Certificates) 
and pay to each Holder of Securities an amount in respect of each Security held by 
such Holder of Securities, calculated and paid on such date determined in 
accordance with Condition 7(v) (in the case of Notes) or in accordance with

--- Page 1115 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1115 - 
Condition 7(b) (in the case of Certificates) on the basis that ERE Force Majeure/No 
Unwind Costs is applicable; or 
(v)
in the case of a Fund Index Modification which occurs on the last Valuation Date, last 
Averaging Date or last Observation Date only, the Calculation Agent may elect to calculate 
the level of the Fund Index, using in lieu of the published level for the Fund Index as of the 
Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Observation Date, as the case may be, the level of the 
Fund Index as of that date determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the Fund Index last in effect prior to the Fund Index 
Modification but using only those Fund Index Components that comprised the Fund Index 
prior to the Fund Index Modification. 
Fund Linked Conditions 7 to 10 (inclusive) apply to Fund  Linked Securities (which are Notes or 
Certificates) relating to Euro Funds. 
7.
Definitions relating to Euro Funds 
"Euro Fund" means the insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract backed by euro-
denominated assets offered by the Insurance Company on the terms set out in the Euro Fund 
Documents specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Euro Fund Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the relevant Euro Fund Business Day Centre(s). 
"Euro Fund Business Day Centre" means each place specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Euro Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Euro Fund, the offering document of the 
relevant Euro Fund offered by the Insurance Company in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, 
among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such Euro Fund and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the Euro Fund, as further described in any 
Euro Fund Document. 
"Euro Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Euro Fund 
Documents, the Insurance Company is or, but for the occurrence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund 
Event would have been, scheduled to publish the Gross Rate of Return.  
"Extraordinary Euro Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Euro 
Fund Event, the date on which such Extraordinary Euro Fund Event occurs, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Floor Rate of Return" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Gross Rate of Return" means, in respect of the relevant Euro Fund and a Euro Fund Valuation 
Date, the gross rate of return (which is exclusive of any applicable taxes, duties, expenses, 
management fees and/or social security contributions), which a policyholder of such Euro Fund is 
entitled to receive in respect of their investment in the Euro Fund for such Euro Fund Valuation 
Date, as determined and published by the Insurance Company in accordance with the Euro Fund 
Documents on the website of the Insurance Company specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
such other website as may be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes, or to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable.  
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Calculation Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Securities or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a 
Hypothetical Investor, who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations.  
The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold an insurance or investment policy or 
capitalisation contract in respect of the Euro Fund, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement 
to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such insurance or investment 
policy or capitalisation contract in respect of the Euro Fund as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical

--- Page 1116 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1116 - 
Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its 
exposure under the relevant Securities. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Euro Fund which is deemed to have the benefits 
and obligations, as provided in the relevant Euro Fund Documents, of an investor in the Euro Fund 
at the relevant time. The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be 
resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in the context of the relevant situation). 
"Insurance Company" means the insurance company specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Provisional Minimum Rate" means, in respect of the relevant Euro Fund and a Euro Fund 
Valuation Date, the provisional minimum rate of return in respect of the Euro Fund for such Euro 
Fund Valuation Date as published by the Insurance Company from time to time on the website of 
the Insurance Company specified in the applicable Final Terms, or such other website as may be 
notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or to the Certificateholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable. In the event that no such 
Provisional Minimum Rate is published in respect of the Euro Fund, the Provisional Minimum Rate 
shall be zero. 
8.
Failure to publish the Gross Rate of Return 
If, in respect of a Euro Fund Valuation Date, the Gross Rate of Return is not published by or on 
behalf of the Insurance Company, then the Gross Rate of Return shall be deemed to be (i) the last 
available Provisional Minimum Rate in respect of such Euro Fund Valuation Date or (ii) if specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Floor Rate of Return, provided that, if the Gross 
Rate of Return in respect of such Euro Fund Valuation Date is not published or if no Provisional 
Minimum Rate has been published and there is no Floor Rate of Return specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in each case, as a consequence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event, the provisions of 
Fund Linked Condition 10 will apply.  
9.
Extraordinary Euro Fund Events  
The occurrence of any of the events described below shall be deemed to be a "Extraordinary Euro 
Fund Event", the consequences of which are set out in Fund Linked Condition 10 (Consequences 
of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event): 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Insurance Company announces that it has 
calculated or applied, or will calculate or apply, the Gross Rate of Return in respect of the Euro Fund 
in a manner that is different to that which is described in the Euro Fund Documents; 
a redemption by the Insurance Company of a policyholder's investment in the Euro Fund or 
cancellation of any such Euro Fund, where the consideration for such redemption or cancellation is 
cash or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption or cancellation of such investment initiated 
by a policyholder in such Euro Fund that is consistent with the Euro Fund Documents; 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material modification, of 
the Euro Fund (including but not limited to a material modification of the Euro Fund Documents); 
(i) a consolidation, amalgamation, partial asset contribution or merger of the Insurance Company, 
as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation 
or merger in which the Insurance Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in any 
change to the Euro Fund), (ii) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the assets of the 
Insurance Company, or (iii) the sale, transfer, segregation or desegregation (statutory or otherwise) 
of, or proposed sale, transfer , segregation or desegregation (statutory or otherwise) of, the assets

--- Page 1117 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1117 - 
and/or contracts of the Insurance Company, in each case which, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, has, or may in the future have, an impact before the last occurring Valuation Date or, where 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the final Averaging Date in respect of the 
Securities, on the Gross Rate of Return, the Provisional Minimum Rate or the general assets of the 
Insurance Company based on which the Gross Rate of Return is determined; 
the Insurance Company (i) ceases trading; (ii) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails 
or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; (iii) is dissolved or 
has a resolution passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (iv) makes a general assignment 
or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (v)(1) institutes or has instituted against it, by 
a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its 
head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar 
official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy 
or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in Fund Linked Condition 9.5(iv)(1) above 
and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or 
the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained; (vi) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an 
administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar 
official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vii) has a secured party take possession of all 
or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal 
process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party 
maintains possession, or any such process is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained; or (viii) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to 
(vii) above;  
there exists any litigation against the Insurance Company which the Calculation Agent determines, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could materially affect the Gross Rate 
of Return, the Provisional Minimum Rate or the rights or remedies of any policyholder in respect of 
the Euro Fund; 
(i) any relevant activities of the Insurance Company in relation to the Euro Fund are or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any present 
or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, administrative, 
legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any applicable 
jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the 
registration or approval of the Insurance Company by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity 
with authority over the Insurance Company), (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses 
or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the Euro Fund or the Insurance Company 
or new conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation 
or licence, (iii) the Investment Company is required by a competent authority to redeem or cancel 
any policy in respect of the Euro Fund, (iv) the Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority 
or any other relevant entity to dispose of or compulsorily terminate hedging arrangements relating 
to the Securities, (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the Euro 
Fund or the Insurance Company that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the Gross

--- Page 1118 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1118 - 
Rate of Return, the Provisional Minimum Rate, the general assets of the Insurance Company based 
on which the Gross Rate of Return is determined or other activities or undertakings of the Insurance 
Company or on the rights or remedies of any policyholder or Hedge Provider against the Insurance 
Company and/or (vi) the Insurance Company is the subject of an investigation, proceeding or 
litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority, involving an alleged violation 
of applicable law, for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Euro Fund; or 
any failure by the Insurance Company to publish or deliver or cause to be published or delivered (i) 
any information that such Insurance Company has agreed to publish or deliver or cause to be 
published or delivered to the Calculation Agent or the Hedge Provider in respect of the Euro Fund, 
or (ii) any information that has previously been delivered to the Calculation Agent or the Hedge 
Provider in accordance with the Insurance Company's or its authorised representative's customary 
practices, and which the Calculation Agent considers necessary to determine and verify the Gross 
Rate of Return.  
10.
Consequences of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event  
If an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event occurs in relation to a Euro Fund, the Calculation Agent may 
take any of the relevant action(s) described in (a), (b) or (c) below as it deems appropriate:  
(a)
determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary Euro Fund Event and 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. The relevant adjustments may include, 
without limitation, adjustments to account for changes to the Gross Rate of Return, the 
Provisional Minimum Rate or to the Securities; 
(b)
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may give notice to the Issuer and, unless Delayed 
Redemption on Extraordinary Euro Fund Event is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, on giving notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or Certificateholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable, redeem or cancel, as 
applicable, all but not some only of the Securities, each Security being redeemed 
or cancelled, as applicable, by payment of an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount (in the case of Notes or Certificates) in accordance with 
Condition 7(e) of the Notes or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates.  Payment shall be 
made in such manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes or the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 
19 of the Certificates, as applicable; or 
(ii)
if Delayed Redemption on Extraordinary Euro Fund Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Early Redemption Amount is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the Maturity Date (in the 
case of Notes) or on the Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) the Issuer 
shall redeem each Note or Certificate, as applicable, at an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (x) the Protected Amount (specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) and (y) the Swap Early Termination Amount (if any). 
For the purposes of this Fund Linked Condition 10(b)(ii) "Swap Early 
Termination Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to, in respect of each Note 
or Certificate, and subject to a minimum of zero, a pro rata share of the sum of (1) 
the Early Termination Amount (as defined in the Swap Agreement) received by the 
Issuer under the Swap Agreement in connection with the termination of the Swap

--- Page 1119 ---
ANNEX 8 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1119 - 
Agreement in whole or in part and (2) any interest which has accrued in respect of 
the amount of such Early Termination Amount received by the Issuer (which may 
be a positive or negative figure); or 
(c)
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Euro Fund Effective Date, the Calculation Agent may 
substitute the Euro Fund affected by an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event (the "Affected Euro 
Fund") with an alternative insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract backed 
by euro-denominated assets in accordance with the criteria set out below (the "Substitute 
Euro Fund") and the Substitute Euro Fund will be deemed to be the Euro Fund and the 
relevant insurance company offering the insurance or investment policy or capitalisation 
contract, the Insurance Company, for the purposes of the Securities. The Calculation Agent 
will make such adjustment, if any, to any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment (if any) will be deemed to be effective as of the date 
selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need 
not be, the relevant Extraordinary Euro Fund Event Effective Date. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Euro Fund, the relevant insurance or investment policy or 
capitalisation contract must be an insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract backed 
by euro-denominated assets which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar 
characteristics to the Affected Euro Fund, including but not limited to, a comparable gross rate of 
return, a comparable provisional minimum rate of return, offered by an insurance company with a 
comparable portfolio of general assets and offered on similar contractual terms acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, the Substitute Euro Fund may, but need not, be 
offered by the same Insurance Company as the Affected Euro Fund. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that more than one Extraordinary Euro Fund Event has occurred 
in respect of a Euro Fund, which are not connected and have different consequences pursuant to this 
Fund Linked Condition 10, the Calculation Agent will determine which such Extraordinary Euro 
Fund Event and related consequences shall apply acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner.  
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Euro Fund Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
as soon as practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders of the  
Securities in accordance with in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, or Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, as applicable, stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Euro Fund Event, giving 
details thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto.

--- Page 1120 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1120 - 
ANNEX 9 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE LINKED 
SECURITIES  
The terms and conditions applicable to Underlying Interest Rate Linked Securities shall comprise, in the case 
of Notes, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), in the case of Warrants, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" 
above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 9 or 11), and, in the case of Certificates, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates" above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12) as applicable (the
"Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for payouts (as set out in Annex 1 under the heading 
"Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts" above) (the "Payout Conditions") and the additional Terms 
and Conditions set out below (the "Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions") and any other additional 
Terms and Conditions that may be specified in the Final Terms (the "Additional Terms and Conditions"), in 
each case subject to completion  in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
Conditions and the Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions and/or the Additional Terms and Conditions, 
the Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions and/or the Additional Terms and Conditions (as applicable) 
shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Underlying Interest 
Rate Linked Conditions and/or the Additional Terms and Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final 
Terms shall prevail.
1. 
Underlying Interest Rate Determination 
In respect of each Underlying Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Underlying Interest Rate or, if two or more Underlying Interest Rates are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Underlying Interest Rate will be determined in the manner specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  Each Underlying Interest Rate comprising a Multiple Underlying 
Interest Rate will be calculated separately and independently as provided below and in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
2. 
ISDA Determination 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate will be the relevant 
Underlying ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Underlying 
Margin (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  For the purposes of these Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Conditions, "Underlying ISDA Rate" means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that 
swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if the 
Floating Rate Option specified in the applicable Final Terms is a EURIBOR rate, in the 
event that EURIBOR has been discontinued, such other successor benchmark rate as the 
financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or substitute rate for EURIBOR; 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 1121 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1121 - 
For the purposes of these Underlying Interest Rate Linked Conditions, "Floating Rate", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms 
in the ISDA Definitions. 
3. 
Screen Rate Determination 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Underlying Interest Rate is to be determined, the Underlying Reference Rate 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Underlying Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at the Specified Time indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the case of 
EURIBOR) (the "Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate") on the Underlying Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Underlying Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or more 
of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(b) 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (a)(i) above, 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information) or, in the case of (a)(ii) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page 
on that service which displays the information), in each case as at the Specified Time 
indicated above or in the applicable Final Terms, except as provided in paragraph (c) below 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Underlying Reference Rate at such time acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(c) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any Underlying Interest 
Determination Date, that the Screen Page Underlying Reference Rate has been 
discontinued, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the Screen Page Underlying 
Reference Rate, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee or working group 
thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency of the relevant rate (each a "Relevant 
Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if 
two or more alternative reference rates are selected by any Relevant Nominating Body, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant Securities. If the Calculation 
Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the 
Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event before the 
Business Day prior to the applicable Underlying Interest Determination Date) appoint an 
agent (the "Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine 
whether a substitute or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the Screen Page 
Underlying Reference Rate, is available for the purpose of determining the Underlying 
Reference Rate on each Underlying Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date

--- Page 1122 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1122 - 
of such determination.  If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent determines 
that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Underlying Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent of such successor rate 
to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Underlying Interest Rate.   
If the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable has determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing 
paragraph (such rate, the "Replacement Underlying Reference Rate"), for the purpose of 
determining the Underlying Reference Rate on each Underlying Interest Determination 
Date falling on or after such determination: 
(i) 
the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will also determine the changes (if any) required to the Underlying 
Interest Determination Date and any method for obtaining the Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate, including any adjustment needed to make such 
Replacement Underlying Reference Rate comparable to the Screen Page 
Underlying Reference Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement Underlying Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
references to the Underlying Reference Rate in these Underlying Interest Rate 
Linked Conditions will be deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate, including any alternative method for determining such 
rate as described in (i) above; 
(iii) 
the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will notify the Issuer of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, 
and the details described in (i) above as soon as reasonably practicable; and 
(iv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 
18 of the Notes or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable, and the 
Calculation Agent of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate and the details 
described in (i) above as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event no later 
than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable 
Underlying Interest Determination Date. 
The determination of the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Holders of Securities, unless the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or the Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a 
later date that the Replacement Underlying Reference Rate is no longer substantially 
comparable to the Underlying Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted 
successor rate, in which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Underlying 
Reference Rate Determination Agent, as the case may be (which may or may not be the 
same entity as the original Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the Replacement Underlying Reference 
Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Underlying Reference Rate in an identical 
manner as described in this paragraph (c). If the replacement Underlying Reference Rate 
Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does 
not determine a substitute Replacement Underlying Reference Rate, then the Replacement 
Underlying Reference Rate will remain unchanged.

--- Page 1123 ---
ANNEX 9 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR UNDERLYING INTEREST RATE 
LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1123 - 
The Underlying Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-
dealer or benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the currency of the relevant 
rate as appointed by the Calculation Agent, (y) the Swap Counterparty or the Guarantor (if 
any) or (z) an affiliate of the Swap Counterparty, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation 
Agent. 
4. 
Determination of Underlying Interest Rate 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as practicable after each date on which the Underlying 
Interest Rate is to be determined, which if the Securities are Hybrid Securities and Hybrid Business 
Day is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, will be deemed to be a Scheduled 
Trading Day for the purposes of determining whether such day is a Hybrid Business Day (the 
"Underlying Interest Determination Date"), determine the Underlying Reference Rate (subject to 
any Minimum Underlying Reference Rate or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms).  The Calculation Agent will notify the Issuing and Paying Agent or the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, of the Underlying Reference Rate as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same. 
5. 
Minimum and/or Maximum Underlying Reference Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event 
that the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying 
Interest Linked Conditions 2 or 3 above (as appropriate) is less than such Minimum Underlying 
Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Minimum Underlying Reference Rate. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Underlying Reference Rate, then, in the event 
that the Underlying Reference Rate determined in accordance with the provisions of Underlying 
Interest Rate Linked Conditions 2 or 3 above (as appropriate) is greater than such Maximum 
Underlying Reference Rate, the Underlying Reference Rate shall be such Maximum Underlying 
Reference Rate.

--- Page 1124 ---
ANNEX 10 - ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1124 - 
ANNEX 10 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Credit Linked Securities shall comprise, in the case of Notes, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12) and, in the case of Certificates, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Certificates (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" 
above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), as applicable (the "Conditions") and 
the additional Terms and Conditions for payouts (as set out in Annex 1 under the heading "Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Payouts" above) (the "Payout Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set 
out below (the "Credit Linked Conditions") and any other additional Terms and Conditions that may be 
specified in the Final Terms (the "Additional Terms and Conditions") in each case subject to completion in 
the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the Credit Linked 
Conditions, the Credit Linked Conditions shall prevail.  In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the 
Conditions and/or the Credit Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1.
General 
(a)
Credit Terms 
 
 
The Final Terms shall specify amongst other things: 
(a)
the type of Credit Linked Securities, being Single Reference Entity Credit Linked 
Securities, Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities or Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities; 
(b)
the Settlement Method (if not Auction Settlement) and, where Auction Settlement applies, 
the applicable Fallback Settlement Method; 
(c)
the Reference Entity or Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit Event may occur; 
(d)
the Reference Obligation(s) (if any) in respect of each Reference Entity; 
(e)
the Trade Date and (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the Scheduled Maturity Date or (in 
the case of Credit Linked Certificates) the Scheduled Redemption Date; 
(f)
the Transaction Type applicable to each Reference Entity; and 
(g)
the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of each Reference Entity. 
(b)
Physical Settlement Matrix 
 
Where a Transaction Type is specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Reference Entity, then 
the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall apply with respect to such Reference Entity 
in accordance with the Physical Settlement Matrix as it applies to such Transaction Type, as though 
such Physical Settlement Matrix were set out in full in the Final Terms. 
(c)
Additional Provisions 
 
If, in accordance with the specified Transaction Type or otherwise, any Additional Provisions are 
applicable, these Credit Linked Conditions shall take effect subject to the provisions thereof.

--- Page 1125 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1125 - 
(d)
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities 
If the Credit Linked Securities are Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, then the provisions of 
these Credit Linked Conditions relating to redemption or settlement of Credit Linked Securities 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, extension of maturity of Credit Linked 
Securities on delivery of an Extension Notice, cessation or suspension of accrual of interest or 
accrual and payment of interest following (in the case of Credit Linked Certificates) the Scheduled 
Redemption Date or, (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the Scheduled Maturity Date shall apply 
separately with respect to each Reference Entity and a portion of each Credit Linked Security 
corresponding to the Reference Entity Notional Amount divided by the number of Credit Linked 
Securities then in issue. The remaining provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be 
construed accordingly.  
2.
Redemption
(a)
Redemption at Credit Security Settlement Date 
The Issuer will redeem each Credit Linked Security on the related Credit Security Settlement Date 
(as such date may be extended in accordance with the definition thereof) by payment of an amount 
equal to (in the case of Certificates) the Cash Settlement Amount or (in the case of Notes) the 
outstanding principal amount of such Security (or, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, the relevant portion thereof) (together with interest, if any, payable thereon) unless: 
(A)
the Credit Linked Securities have been previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in 
full (including pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 2(b), 2(c) or 2(d); or 
(B)
an Event Determination Date has occurred, in which event the Issuer shall redeem the Credit 
Linked Securities in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b). 
(b)
Redemption or Settlement following Event Determination Date 
Upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in relation to any Reference Entity, then each 
Credit Linked Note or Credit Linked Certificate (or, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, the relevant portion thereof) will be subject to redemption and settlement: 
(A)
if the applicable Settlement Method is Auction Settlement, by payment of its pro rata share 
(such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding nominal amount or 
outstanding notional amount of each Credit Linked Security corresponding to the (in the 
case of Credit Linked Notes) Calculation Amount or (in the case of Credit Linked 
Certificates) Notional Amount) of the Auction Settlement Amount on the Auction 
Settlement Date, unless a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, in which event the Issuer shall 
perform its respective payment and/or delivery obligations in accordance with the applicable 
Fallback Settlement Method.  If an Event Determination Date occurs with respect to a new 
Credit Event following the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event with respect to a first 
Credit Event and no Fallback Settlement Event occurs with respect to such new Credit 
Event, the Issuer shall, if the Swap Counterparty so elects on or prior to a related Valuation 
Date or Delivery Date, redeem or settle, as applicable, the Credit Linked Securities in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2(b)(A) by Auction Settlement; 
(B)
if the applicable Settlement Method is Physical Settlement, in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 4; and

--- Page 1126 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1126 - 
(C)
if the applicable Settlement Method is Cash Settlement, by payment of its pro rata share 
(such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding nominal amount or 
outstanding notional amount of each Credit Linked Security corresponding to the (in the 
case of Credit Linked Notes) Calculation Amount or (in the case of Credit Linked 
Certificates) Notional Amount) of the Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount on the Cash 
Settlement Date. 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities, an Event 
Determination Date shall not be taken into account for the purposes of Credit Linked Security 
Condition 2 and Credit Linked Security Condition 3 unless and until the number of Reference 
Entities in respect of which an Event Determination Date has occurred is equal to "N" (as specified 
in the Final Terms). Unless a value is specified for "M" in the Final Terms of such Credit Linked 
Securities, with effect from such date, no Event Determination Date shall occur  in respect of any 
other Reference Entity.  Where a value is specified for "M", the provisions of Credit Linked Security 
Condition 2 and Credit Linked Security Condition 3 shall apply in respect of every subsequent Event 
Determination Date until the until the number of Reference Entities in respect of which an Event 
Determination Date has occurred is equal to "M" (as specified in the Final Terms). Where the Credit 
Linked Securities are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities and an Event Determination Date 
occurs with respect to more than one Reference Entity on the same day, the Swap Counterparty shall 
determine the order in which such Event Determination Dates occurred.  Where "Unwind Costs for 
the Remaining Names" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms of such Credit Linked Securities, 
an amount equal to the Unwind Value of the Reference CDS in respect of the Reference Entity which 
has not been determined as the Nth-to-Default Reference Entity (where N is 1) shall be added to the 
Credit Unwind Costs in respect of the Auction Settlement Amount or the Credit Event Cash 
Settlement Amount, as applicable. 
(c)
Redemption following a Merger Event 
If this Credit Linked Condition 2(c) is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the 
event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice if requested to do so by the Swap Counterparty to the holders of Securities in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable, and 
redeem all but not some only of the Credit Linked Securities on the Merger Event Redemption Date, 
and if the Credit Linked Securities are so redeemed or, as the case may be, cancelled, the Issuer shall 
pay an amount to each Holder of Securities in respect of each Credit Linked Security, which amount 
shall be the fair market value of the Credit Linked Security taking into account the Merger Event 
less, unless Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the cost to the 
Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related 
hedging arrangements (including, without limitation, any Unwind Costs), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(d)
Additional Credit Linked Security Disruption Events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Credit Linked Security Disruption Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may, at the Calculation Agent's election, redeem the Credit Linked Securities by 
giving notice to holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or Condition 19 
of the Certificates, as applicable. If the Credit Linked Securities are so redeemed, the Issuer will pay 
an amount to each Holder of Securities in respect of each Credit Linked Security equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Condition 7(e) of the Notes or Condition 8(e) of the 
Certificates, as applicable. Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders

--- Page 1127 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1127 - 
of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable. 
(e)
Suspension of Obligations 
If there is a DC Credit Event Question in relation to any Reference Entity, then (unless the Swap 
Counterparty otherwise elects by notice to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, the Calculation Agent and the Trustee) from the date 
of such DC Credit Event Question (and notwithstanding that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has yet to determine whether Publicly Available Information is available 
or that a Credit Event has occurred):  
(i) 
any obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Credit Linked Security (including pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 2(b)) or pay any amount of interest which would otherwise be due 
thereon (and the timing requirements of the Cash Settlement Date, Valuation Date, Relevant 
Valuation Date, NOPS Cut-off Date, Physical Settlement Period, any other provisions 
pertaining to settlement and any related obligation of the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement and Credit Default Swap Agreement) shall, insofar as it relates to the relevant 
Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if the Final Terms specifies that "Calculation and Settlement Suspension" applies, any 
obligation of the Issuer to redeem or settle any Credit Linked Security (including pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(b)) (and the timing requirements of the Cash Settlement Date, 
Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date, NOPS Cut-off Date, Physical Settlement Period 
and any other provisions pertaining to settlement) insofar as it relates to the relevant 
Reference Entity, or pay any amount of interest which would otherwise be due thereon (and 
any related obligation of the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement and/or Credit 
Default Swap Agreement) or any obligation of the Calculation Agent to calculate any 
amount of interest (in each case, regardless of whether any such interest relates to the 
relevant Reference Entity), shall,  
be and remain suspended until the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement, DC No 
Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal.  
During such suspension period, neither the Issuer nor the Swap Counterparty shall be obliged to, nor 
entitled to, take any action in connection with the settlement of any credit derivative transaction to 
which the Credit Default Swap Agreement relates or the Credit Linked Securities, in each case 
insofar as they relate to the relevant Reference Entity, or in connection with the payment of any 
applicable interest on the Credit Linked Securities, nor, if the Final Terms specifies that "Calculation 
and Settlement Suspension" applies, shall the Calculation Agent be obliged to take any action in 
connection with the calculation of any amount of interest (in each case, if the Final Terms specifies 
that "Calculation and Settlement Suspension" applies, regardless of whether any such interest relates 
to the relevant Reference Entity).  Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement, DC No Credit 
Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, such suspension shall 
terminate and any obligations so suspended shall resume on the Credit Security Business Day 
following such public announcement by ISDA, with the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and, as the 
case may be, the Calculation Agent having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the 
suspension began.  Any amount of interest so suspended shall, subject always to Credit Linked 
Condition 3(a), become due on a date selected by the Calculation Agent falling not later than fifteen 
Business Days following such public announcement by ISDA.

--- Page 1128 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1128 - 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any payment of interest or any other amounts 
which are deferred in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 2(e). 
(f)
Miscellaneous provisions relating to Redemption 
If the Credit Linked Securities are partially redeemed, the relevant Credit Linked Securities or, if the 
Credit Linked Securities are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, such Global Note 
or Global Certificate, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption.  Upon such partial 
redemption, the outstanding notional amount or outstanding principal amount of each Credit Linked 
Security shall be reduced for all purposes (including accrual of interest thereon) accordingly. 
Redemption or settlement of any Credit Linked Security in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 2, together with payment of interest, if any, due thereon shall discharge all or the relevant 
portion of the obligations of the Issuer in relation thereto. 
Any amount payable under Credit Linked Condition 2(b) shall be rounded downwards to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant currency. 
(g)
Credit Linked Interest Only 
If Credit Linked Interest Only is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Credit Linked 
Condition 3 will apply to the Securities, but Credit Linked Conditions 2(a) and 2(b) will not apply. 
Unless the Credit Linked Securities have previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled in 
full (including pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 2(c) or 2(d)), the Issuer will redeem each Credit 
Linked Security on the relevant Credit Security Settlement Date by payment of the original nominal 
amount (in the case of Notes) or the original notional amount (in the case of Certificates) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
3.
Interest
(a)
Cessation of Interest Accrual 
Upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity, interest on 
such Credit Linked Security (or, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the relevant 
portion thereof shall cease to accrue with effect from and including: 
(A)
either: 
(i) 
the Interest Payment Date; or  
(ii) 
if so specified in the Final Terms, the Interest Period End Date, 
immediately preceding such Event Determination Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, 
the Interest Commencement Date); or 
(B)
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, such Event Determination Date. 
(b)
Interest following the Scheduled Maturity Date or Scheduled Redemption Date, as applicable 
Subject always to Credit Linked Condition 3(a), if an Extension Notice has been given (other than 
pursuant to paragraph (iv) of the definition of "Extension Notice"), each Credit Linked Security (or, 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the relevant portion thereof) which is 
outstanding following the Scheduled Redemption Date or Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case may 
be, shall continue to bear interest from (and including) the Scheduled Redemption Date or Scheduled

--- Page 1129 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1129 - 
Maturity Date, as the case may be, to (but excluding) the related Credit Security Settlement Date at 
a rate of interest equal to either: 
(A)
the rate that the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, 
as applicable, would pay to an independent customer in respect of overnight deposits in the 
currency of the Credit Linked Securities; or 
(B)
such other rate as shall be specified for such purpose in the Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if an Extension Notice has been given pursuant to paragraph (iv) of the 
definition thereof, no interest shall accrue from (and including) the Scheduled Redemption Date or 
Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case may be, to (but excluding) the related Credit Security 
Settlement Date. Where No Interest Post Scheduled Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject always to Credit Linked Condition 3(a), no interest will accrue or be 
payable in respect of each Credit Linked Security (or, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Securities, the relevant portion thereof) which is outstanding following the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or Scheduled Redemption Date, as applicable, from (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date or 
Scheduled Redemption Date, as applicable, to (and including) the related Credit Security Settlement 
Date. 
(c)
Interest Payment Dates 
If the Credit Linked Securities are redeemed pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates, as applicable, or these Credit Linked Conditions, the 
Scheduled Redemption Date, the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Credit Security Settlement Date (if 
not the Scheduled Redemption Date or Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case may be), the Auction 
Settlement Date, the Cash Settlement Date or the last Delivery Date, as the case may be, shall be an 
Interest Payment Date in respect of each Credit Linked Security (or, in the case of Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Securities, the relevant portion thereof) and the Issuer shall pay any interest that has 
accrued in respect of each Credit Linked Security (or, as applicable, the relevant portion thereof) on 
such Interest Payment Date. 
4.
Physical Settlement 
(a)
Delivery and payment 
If Physical Settlement applies to any Credit Linked Security, then, upon the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty shall, on or prior to the related Physical 
Settlement Date and subject to Credit Linked Conditions 4(b), 4(c) and 4(f), settle the credit 
derivative transaction evidenced by the Credit Default Swap Agreement and the Issuer shall redeem 
such Credit Linked Security (or, in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the relevant 
portion thereof), respectively, by: 
(A)
Delivering (or, in the case of the Issuer, procuring that the Swap Counterparty Delivers) a 
pro rata share of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the related Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable; and 
(B)
paying such Security's pro rata portion of the related Physical Settlement Adjustment 
Rounding Amount. 
(b)
Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility or Illegality

--- Page 1130 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1130 - 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty, it is impossible or 
illegal for the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, as applicable, to Deliver or, due to an event beyond 
the control of the Issuer or any Holder of Securities, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer or the 
relevant Holder of Securities to accept Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations (other than a 
Deliverable Obligation described in paragraph (iv) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation") 
specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, on the 
related Physical Settlement Date, then on such date the Issuer shall Deliver or procure that the Swap 
Counterparty Delivers any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take 
Delivery.  If any Undeliverable Obligations have not been delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then Partial Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such 
Undeliverable Obligations and, accordingly, the Swap Counterparty shall pay the Issuer and the 
Issuer shall pay the relevant Holders of Securities an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement 
Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the relevant holders of Securities on the Partial Cash 
Settlement Date. 
(c)
Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations 
If the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty does not Deliver any Deliverable Obligation specified in 
a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, other than as a result of 
an event or circumstance contemplated in Credit Linked Condition 4(b) above (including following 
the occurrence of a Hedge Disruption Event), such failure shall not constitute an Event of Default or 
breach of agreement for the purpose of the Securities or the Credit Default Swap Agreement and the 
Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty may continue to attempt to Deliver the Deliverable Obligations 
that are Bonds or Loans until the Extended Physical Settlement Date. 
If, as at the relevant Extended Physical Settlement Date, any such Deliverable Obligations have not 
been Delivered, then Partial Cash Settlement shall apply with respect to such Deliverable Obligations 
and the Swap Counterparty shall pay to the Issuer and the Issuer shall pay to the holders of Securities 
an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the 
Holders of Securities on the Partial Cash Settlement Date.  
(d)
Aggregation and Rounding 
Where a Holder of Securities holds Credit Linked Notes or Credit Linked Certificates in an aggregate 
nominal amount outstanding or aggregate notional amount outstanding greater, as the case may be, 
than the Specified Denomination or Notional Amount respectively, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered in respect of the Credit Linked Security shall 
be aggregated for the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 4.  If the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered in respect of each Credit Linked Security to 
be redeemed pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 4(d) on any occasion is not equal to an 
authorised denomination (or integral multiple thereof) of such Deliverable Obligations then the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered will be rounded down to 
the nearest authorised denomination or multiple thereof, or, if none, to zero.  In such circumstances, 
the Deliverable Obligations that were not capable of being Delivered shall, if and to the extent 
practicable, be sold by the Issuer or such agent as may be appointed by the Issuer for such purpose 
and, if they are so sold, the Issuer shall make payment in respect of each Credit Linked Security in 
an amount equal to its pro rata share of the related net sale proceeds as soon as reasonably practicable 
following receipt thereof.

--- Page 1131 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1131 - 
(e)
Delivery and Fees 
The Delivery of any of the Deliverable Obligations pursuant to the provisions of this Credit Linked 
Condition 4 shall be made in such manner as the Swap Counterparty on behalf of the Issuer shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner, to be appropriate for such Delivery.  Subject as set 
out in the definition of "Deliver": 
(A)
any recordation, processing or similar fee reasonably incurred by the Issuer and/or the Swap 
Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates and payable to the agent under a Loan in connection 
with an assignment or novation (where Deliverable Obligations include Assignable Loans 
or Consent Required Loans) or participation (where Deliverable Obligations include Direct 
Loan Participations) shall be payable by the relevant Holders of Securities, and if any stamp 
tax or transaction tax is payable in connection with the Delivery of any Deliverable 
Obligations, payment thereof shall be made by the relevant Holders of Securities; and  
(B)
any other expenses arising from the Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations 
shall be for the account of the Holders of Securities or the Swap Counterparty, as 
appropriate, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with then current market 
conventions. 
Delivery and/or transfer of the Deliverable Obligations shall be delayed until all expenses relating 
to such Delivery or transfer payable by the Holders of Securities have been paid to the satisfaction 
of the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty. 
(f)
Asset Transfer Notice 
A Holder of Securities will not be entitled to any of the amounts or assets specified as being due to 
it in this Credit Linked Condition 4(f) upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date and 
delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement unless it has presented or surrendered (as is appropriate) 
the relevant Credit Linked Security and delivered an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with 
Condition 6(b)(i)(A) (Asset Transfer Notices) of the Notes and Condition 6(b)(i)(A) (Asset Transfer 
Notices) of the Certificates, as applicable.  For so long as the Credit Linked Securities are held in 
any clearing system, any communication from such clearing system on behalf of the holder of 
Securities containing the information required in an Asset Transfer Notice will be treated as an Asset 
Transfer Notice.  For as long as Bearer Notes or Clearing System Certificates, as the case may be, 
are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate, surrender of Credit Linked Securities for 
such purpose will be effected by presentation of the Global Note or Global Certificate and its 
endorsement to note the principal amount or notional amount of Credit Linked Securities to which 
the relevant Asset Transfer Notice relates. 
5.
Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation 
Category and Characteristics
(a)
Obligation Characteristics 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms 
shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(b)
Deliverable Obligation Category and Characteristics 
If:

--- Page 1132 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1132 - 
(i)
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or 
"Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the 
applicable Transaction Type, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; 
(ii)
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall 
be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are 
not Loans; 
(iii)
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required 
Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or is 
applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be construed 
as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and 
(iv)
more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the 
Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics. 
(c)
Relevant Guarantee 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the same category or 
categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(ii)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics 
or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms or 
applicable in respect of the relevant Transaction Type from the following list: "Not 
Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" 
and "Not Domestic Law".   
(iii)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date 
or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable in respect of 
the relevant Transaction Type from the following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", 
"Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", 
"Maximum Maturity", "Accelerated or Matured" and "Not Bearer". 
(iv)
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity 
shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor.

--- Page 1133 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1133 - 
(v)
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 apply in respect 
of the definitions of "Obligation" and "Deliverable Obligation" as the context admits. 
(d)
Maximum Maturity 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum Maturity", 
remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in 
effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is 
due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(e)
Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable 
in respect of a Reference Entity, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant 
obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's 
obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute 
a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(f)
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in Credit Linked Condition 8(b) (Mod R) and Credit Linked Condition 8(c) 
(Mod Mod R) to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such 
determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(g)
Subordinated European Insurance Terms 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it 
to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(h)
Accrued Interest 
With respect to any Credit Linked Securities for which: 
(i)
"Physical Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms 
(or for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable 
Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii)
"Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the applicable Final Terms 
(or if Cash Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), and: 
(A)
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation 
Obligation, as applicable, shall include accrued but unpaid interest;

--- Page 1134 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1134 - 
(B)
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation or Valuation 
Obligation, as applicable, shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(C)
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then 
current market practice in the market of the Reference Obligation or Valuation 
Obligation, as applicable, whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Reference Obligation or Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but 
unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(iii)
Credit Linked Condition 4(b) (Partial Cash Settlement Due to Impossibility or Illegality) or 
Credit Linked Condition 4(c) (Non-Delivery of Deliverable Obligations) is applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market practice in the market 
of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable 
Participation or Unassignable Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude 
accrued but unpaid interest. 
(i)
Asset Package Delivery 
"Asset Package Delivery" will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the 
Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable to 
the Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable 
Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
If the "Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement" is applicable in respect of a Reference 
Entity, then, notwithstanding the above, it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond exists 
with respect to such Reference Entity that is a Sovereign (even if such a Package Observable Bond 
has been published by ISDA) and accordingly, Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
6.
Successors
(a)
Provisions for determining a Successor 
(i)
The Calculation Agent may determine, following any succession (or, in relation to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) and with effect from 
the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors under the definition of "Successor"; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of 
determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made 
under the definition of "Successor" (or the provisions relating to the determination of a 
Successor) on the basis of Eligible Information. 
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor 
under the definition of "Successor", if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall 
consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part 
of a single succession. 
(ii)
An entity may only be a Successor if:

--- Page 1135 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1135 - 
(I) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop 
Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession 
Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(II) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately 
prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one 
Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(III) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(iii)
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to the definition of 
"Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant 
Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(iv)
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference 
Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or 
Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant 
Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a 
Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential 
Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint 
Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential 
Successor in equal parts. 
(b)
Single Reference Entity 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities and a 
Succession Date has occurred and more than one Successor has been identified, the credit derivative 
transaction relating to the Credit Default Swap Agreement will be deemed for all purposes to have 
been divided, with effect from the Succession Date, into the same number of new credit derivative 
transactions as there are Successors with the following terms: 
(i)
each Successor will be a Reference Entity for the purposes of one of the deemed new credit 
derivative transactions; 
(ii)
in respect of each deemed new credit derivative transaction, the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount will be the Reference Entity Notional Amount applicable to the original Reference 
Entity divided by the number of Successors; and 
(iii)
all other terms and conditions of the original credit derivative transactions will be replicated 
in each deemed new credit derivative transaction except that the Calculation Agent shall 
make such modifications as it determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, are required in order to preserve the economic effects of the original 
credit derivative transactions in the deemed new credit derivative transactions and the Credit 
Linked Securities (considered in aggregate). 
(c)
Nth-to-Default 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Securities:

--- Page 1136 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1136 - 
(i)
where a Succession Date has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (other than a 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred) and more than one 
Successor has been identified, the credit derivative transaction evidenced by the Credit 
Default Swap Agreement will be deemed for all purposes to have been divided, with effect 
from the Succession Date, into a number of new credit derivative transactions equal to the 
number of Successors. Each such new credit derivative transaction shall include a Successor 
and each and every one of the unaffected Reference Entities and the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 6(b)(i) to (iii) (inclusive) shall apply thereto; 
(ii)
if "Substitution" is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms, where any 
Reference Entity (the "Surviving Reference Entity") (other than a Reference Entity that is 
subject to the Succession Date) would be a Successor to any other Reference Entity (the 
"Legacy Reference Entity") pursuant to a Succession Date, such Surviving Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy Reference Entity; and 
(iii)
if "Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, where the Surviving 
Reference Entity (other than a Reference Entity that is subject to the Succession Date) would 
be a Successor to a Legacy Reference Entity pursuant to a Succession Date: 
(A)
such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed not to be a Successor to the 
Legacy Reference Entity; and 
(B)
the Replacement Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy 
Reference Entity. 
(d)
Linear Basket 
Where the Credit Linked Securities are Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, and one or more 
Successors have been identified in respect of a Reference Entity that has been the subject of a related 
Succession Date (the "Affected Entity"), then, with effect from the Succession Date: 
(i)
the Affected Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a Successor as described 
in (ii) below); 
(ii)
each Successor will be deemed a Reference Entity (in addition to each Reference Entity 
which is not an Affected Entity); 
(iii)
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for each such Successor will equal the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Entity divided by the number of Successors; 
(iv)
the Calculation Agent may make any modifications to the terms of the Credit Default Swap 
Agreement and these Credit Linked Conditions which it determines may be required to 
preserve the economic effects of the Swap Agreement and the Credit Linked Securities prior 
to the Succession Date (considered in the aggregate). For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of the Issuer and the Trustee, amend any of 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Securities other than these Credit Linked 
Conditions; and 
(v)
for the avoidance of doubt, a Reference Entity may, as a result of a Succession Date, be 
represented in the basket with respect to multiple Reference Entity Notional Amounts for 
the Successor(s) of such Reference Entity.

--- Page 1137 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1137 - 
7.
Provisions relating to LPN Reference Entities and CoCo Supplement
(a)
LPN Reference Entities 
The following provisions shall apply if the applicable Final Terms provide that "LPN Reference 
Entity" is applicable: 
(i)
Multiple Holder Obligation will not be applicable with respect to any Reference Obligation 
and any Underlying Loan; 
(ii)
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in these Credit Linked Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is not an obligation 
of the Reference Entity; 
(iii)
each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, and in particular, that the obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(iv)
for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an 
Underlying Loan or an Underlying Finance Instrument, the outstanding principal balance 
shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument 
(as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation;  
(v)
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity; and 
(vi)
"Reference Obligation" shall mean each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of 
the Reference Entity in the Final Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations 
List (each, a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as published by Markit Group 
Limited, 
or 
any 
successor 
thereto, 
which 
list 
is 
currently 
available 
at 
http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php, any Additional LPN, determined in accordance 
with the definition thereof, and each Additional Obligation. Each Reference Obligation 
determined in accordance with the foregoing will be a Reference Obligation notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in these Conditions and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation 
is not an obligation of the Reference Entity, Standard Reference Obligation shall be Not 
Applicable. The proviso in the definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" shall 
not apply. If there is more than one Reference Obligation, all applicable references in these 
Conditions to "the Reference Obligation" shall be construed as a reference to "a Reference 
Obligation", and all other provisions of these Conditions shall be construed accordingly. The 
provisions in "Substitute Reference Obligation" and "Substitution Event" shall not be applicable 
to LPN Reference Obligations.
(b)
Provisions relating to CoCo Supplement 
The following provisions shall apply in respect of a Reference Entity if the "CoCo Supplement" is 
applicable: 
(i)
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a 
permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) 
a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to 
constitute a Governmental Intervention falling within paragraph (i) of the definition thereof.

--- Page 1138 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1138 - 
(ii)
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental 
Intervention for all purposes. 
(iii)
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
"CoCo Provision" means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a 
permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) 
a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio 
is at or below the Trigger Percentage. 
"Trigger Percentage" means the trigger percentage specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
"Capital Ratio" means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the 
Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
8.
Restructuring Credit Event
(a)
Multiple Credit Event Notices 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity: 
(i)
the Swap Counterparty may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such 
M(M)R Restructuring, each such notice setting forth the amount of the relevant Reference 
Entity Notional Amount to which such notice applies (the "Exercise Amount") provided 
that if the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, the then outstanding 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (and not a portion thereof) will be deemed to have been 
specified as the Exercise Amount; 
(ii)
the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to an aggregate 
outstanding principal amount or aggregate outstanding notional amount equal to the 
Exercise Amount only and all the provisions shall be construed accordingly; and 
(iii)
the Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Specified Currency 
(or, if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) in which the Reference Entity Notional Amount is 
denominated or any integral multiple thereof or the entire relevant Reference Entity 
Notional Amount. 
In the case of an Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Security, once an Event Determination Date has 
occurred in respect of the Nth Reference Entity where the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, 
no further Credit Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any other Reference Entity (save to 
the extent that the Credit Default Swap Agreement and Credit Linked Securities are deemed to have 
been divided into new credit derivative transactions or Credit Linked Securities respectively pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 6). 
If any Credit Linked Security is subject to partial settlement in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 8, the relevant Credit Linked Security or, if the Credit Linked Securities are represented 
by a Global Note or Global Certificate, such Global Note or Global Certificate shall be endorsed to 
reflect such partial settlement.

--- Page 1139 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1139 - 
(b)
Mod R 
If (i) "Physical Settlement" or "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms (or is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), (ii) "Mod R" is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is the only Credit Event 
specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation 
Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a 
Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation may 
only be specified (or deemed specified) in the Notice of Physical Settlement or in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice or selected by the Swap Counterparty to form part of the related Valuation 
Obligations Portfolio, as applicable, if such Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation 
Obligation: 
(A) 
is a Fully Transferable Obligation; and  
(B) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date,  
in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of the 
Relevant Valuation Date. 
(c)
Mod Mod R 
If (i) "Physical Settlement" " or "Cash Settlement" is specified to be the Settlement Method in the 
applicable Final Terms (or is applicable as the Fallback Settlement Method), (ii) "Mod Mod R" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and (iii) Restructuring is the only Credit 
Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, 
Valuation Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a 
Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation may 
only be specified (or deemed specified) in the Notice of Physical Settlement or in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice or selected by the Swap Counterparty to form part of the related Valuation 
Obligations Portfolio, as applicable, if it (A) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (B) has 
a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, 
in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, as of the 
Relevant Valuation Date.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of this paragraph, in the case 
of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, 
the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity 
date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
If the relevant Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable) or, as applicable, the relevant Valuation Obligation selected, is a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or 
transfer and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such refusal and, 
where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received by the Physical 
Settlement Date or, as applicable, the Relevant Valuation Date (in which case it shall be deemed to 
have been refused), the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
notify the relevant Holders of Securities of such refusal (or deemed refusal) and: 
(i)
each such holder of Securities may designate a third party (which may or may not be an 
Affiliate of such holder of Securities) to take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligation on its 
behalf; and

--- Page 1140 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1140 - 
(ii)
if a holder of Securities does not designate a third party that takes Delivery on or prior to 
the date which is three Credit Security Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, 
then the Issuer will redeem the Credit Linked Securities for which Delivery has not 
occurred, by payment of the relevant Partial Cash Settlement Amount to such holder of 
Securities.  For the avoidance of doubt Credit Linked Condition 4(b) will not apply to this 
paragraph. 
(d)
General Terms relating to Mod R and Mod Mod R 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to "Mod R" and "Mod Mod R", final maturity 
date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 8(c) (Mod Mod R), be determined on the basis of the 
terms of the Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation in effect at the time of 
making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation 
Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which 
such determination is made. 
(e)
Multiple Holder Obligations 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "Restructuring" and related provisions, 
the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events described in sub-paragraph 
(i)(A) to (i)(E) (inclusive) thereof shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any 
such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation, provided that any obligation that is a Bond shall be 
deemed to satisfy the requirements of sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Multiple Holder 
Obligation". 
9.
Miscellaneous Provisions relating to Credit Linked Securities
(a)
Determinations of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, 
event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or 
permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the Credit 
Linked Conditions shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable) and the Holders of Securities.  Unless otherwise expressly stated, the 
Calculation Agent is not bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.  Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make 
any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation.  If the 
Calculation Agent chooses to rely on the determinations of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee it may do so without liability.  Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the 
Calculation Agent in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the 
Credit Linked Securities including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, 
shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such obligation 
or discretion, and none of the Swap Counterparty, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (if applicable) shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any 
liability in respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
(b)
Reversal of DC Resolutions 
If, where a calculation or determination with respect to the Credit Linked Securities has been made 
by the Calculation Agent in reliance upon a DC Resolution or otherwise resulted from a DC 
Resolution, ISDA publicly announces that such DC Resolution has been reversed by a subsequent 
DC Resolution, such reversal will be taken into account for the purposes of any subsequent

--- Page 1141 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1141 - 
calculations, provided that the ISDA public announcement occurs prior to the DC Resolution 
Reversal Cut-off Date (or where redeemed or settled in part, save to the extent of any such 
redemption or settlement). The Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, will make any adjustment to any future payments as are required to take account 
of such reversal, including any payment of additional interest or any reduction in any interest or any 
other amount payable under the Credit Linked Securities.  For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals 
of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment.  
(c)
Change in Standard Terms and Market Conventions 
The Calculation Agent, acting reasonably, may (but shall not be obligated to) modify these Credit 
Linked Conditions from time to time with effect from a date designated by the Calculation Agent to 
the extent reasonably necessary to ensure consistency with prevailing market standards or market 
trading conventions, which are, pursuant to the agreement of leading dealers in the credit derivatives 
market or any relevant ISDA committee, a market-wide protocol, any applicable law or regulation 
or the rules of any applicable exchange or clearing system, applicable to any Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction or any Hedge Transaction entered into prior to such date or terms thereof.  
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the 
Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, and the Swap Counterparty as soon as 
reasonably practicable upon making any such determination.  For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Calculation Agent may not, without the consent of the Issuer and the Trustee, amend, pursuant to 
this Credit Linked Condition 9(c) any of the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Securities 
other than the Credit Linked Conditions. 
In particular, the Calculation Agent may make such modifications as may be necessary to ensure 
consistency with any successor provisions ("Successor Provisions") which are published by ISDA 
and which supersede the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions as supplemented by the July 2009 Supplement and/or the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, as the case may be, for the purposes of credit derivatives transactions 
generally (including with respect to transactions which are entered into prior to the relevant date of 
publication and which are outstanding as of that date) and/or may apply and rely on determinations 
of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee made in respect of a relevant Reference Entity 
under any such Successor Provisions notwithstanding any discrepancy between the terms of such 
Successor Provisions and these Credit Linked Conditions. 
This Credit Linked Condition 9(c) shall apply unless the applicable Final Terms specify that "Change 
in Standard Terms and Market Conventions" is not applicable. 
(d)
Delivery of Notices 
As soon as reasonably practicable after receiving a Credit Event Notice or Notice of Publicly 
Available Information, Notice of Physical Settlement (or amendment or correction thereof), Auction 
Settlement Amount Notice or Extension Notice from the Swap Counterparty, the Issuer shall 
promptly inform, or shall procure that the Swap Counterparty informs the Trustee, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, and the Holders of 
Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as 
applicable. Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are, as of the date 
hereof, available on the website of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
((https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org) (or any successor website thereto).

--- Page 1142 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1142 - 
(e)
Effectiveness of Notices 
Any notice referred to in Credit Linked Condition 9(d) above which is delivered on or prior to 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day is effective on such date and if delivered after such 
time or on a day that is not a London Business Day, is deemed effective on the next following London 
Business Day.  
A notice given by telephone by the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty or the Calculation Agent will be 
deemed to have been delivered at the time the telephone conversation takes place.  
(f)
Excess Amounts  
If, on a Business Day, the Calculation Agent reasonably determines that an Excess Amount has been 
paid to Holders of Securities on or prior to such day, then following notification of the determination 
of an Excess Amount to the Issuer and Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the 
Notes or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable, the Issuer may deduct any such Excess 
Amount from future payments in relation to the Credit Linked Securities (whether interest or 
principal) or may reduce the amount of any assets deliverable under the terms of the Credit Linked 
Securities to the extent that it determines, acting reasonably, to be necessary to compensate for such 
Excess Amount.   
(g)
Disposal of Charged Assets 
Following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity, unless 
the Issuer is required or entitled to deliver a selected portion of the Charged Assets to the Swap 
Counterparty or the Repo Counterparty, respectively, under the terms of the Credit Default Swap 
Agreement, the Repurchase Agreement, or any other Swap Agreement relating to the Credit Linked 
Securities, as applicable, or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the Redemption Agent shall, 
on behalf of the Issuer, use reasonable efforts to dispose of the Charged Assets (or, in the case of 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities, the relevant portion thereof) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 9(h) for settlement not later than one Credit Security Business Day prior to the 
date on which the related Reference Entity Notional Amount of each Credit Linked Security is due 
to be redeemed save where the relevant Charged Asset is a Deposit Agreement and the Issuer will 
receive payment of an amount from the Deposit Counterparty at least equal to the relevant 
redemption amount on or prior to the date on which the related Reference Entity Notional Amount 
of each Credit Linked Security is due to be redeemed. 
(h)
Sale of Charged Assets 
Where the Redemption Agent is required to dispose of any Charged Assets on behalf of the Issuer 
in order to redeem the Credit Linked Securities as set out in Credit Linked Condition 9(g), then: 
(i) 
the Redemption Agent shall seek firm bid quotations from at least three dealers in assets 
such as the relevant Charged Assets (and, for such purpose, it may seek quotations in respect 
of such Charged Assets in their entirety or in respect of designated tranches thereof, as it 
considers appropriate); 
(ii) 
the Redemption Agent may itself provide a bid in respect of the relevant Charged Assets or 
any tranche thereof; 
(iii) 
it shall and shall be authorised to accept on behalf of the Issuer in respect of each relevant 
tranche or, as applicable, the entirety of the relevant Charged Assets the highest such 
quotation so obtained (which may be a quotation of the Redemption Agent); and

--- Page 1143 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1143 - 
(iv) 
the net proceeds of sale of the relevant Charged Assets shall be paid into the Compartment 
Account and applied to meet the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Credit Linked 
Securities, the Swap Agreements and, if applicable, the Repurchase Agreement. 
(i)
Provisions Relating to Timing 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(e) and Credit Linked Condition 9(j), in order to determine the 
day on which an event occurs for purposes of the Credit Linked Conditions, the demarcation of days 
shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference 
Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred.  
Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
(j)
Payment Timing  
Notwithstanding the "Credit Event Notice" definition and Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Provisions 
Relating to Timing), if a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case 
may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be 
deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction 
Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place 
of payment. 
(k)
Business Day Convention 
If the last day of any period calculated by reference to calendar days falls on a day that is not a 
Business Day, such last day shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with the applicable Business 
Day Convention; provided that if the last day of any period is the Credit Event Backstop Date or the 
Successor Backstop Date, such last day shall not be subject to any adjustment in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention. 
(l)
No Frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, the Credit Linked Securities will not be considered frustrated, or 
otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(i)
the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; 
and/or 
(ii)
Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or cease 
to exist on or following, the Trade Date.  
10.
Definitions
In these Credit Linked Conditions: 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether 
by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation 
imposed under any applicable insolvency laws. 
"Additional Credit Linked Security Disruption Event" means any of Change in Law, Hedging 
Disruption, and/or Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified as applying in the applicable 
Final Terms.

--- Page 1144 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1144 - 
"Additional LPN" means any LPN issued by an LPN Issuer for the sole purpose of providing funds 
for the LPN Issuer to provide financing to the Reference Entity via an: 
(i)
Underlying Loan; or 
(ii)
Underlying Finance Instrument, 
provided that: 
(i)
either: 
(A)
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN, the 
Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the 
Reference Entity; or 
(B)
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to 
such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not 
Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; 
(ii)
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, Not 
Bearer, Specified Currencies – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, Not 
Domestic Issuance; and 
(iii)
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest 
over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or 
Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of holders of the LPNs. 
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the 
Reference Entity in the relevant "LPN Reference Obligation List" as published by Markit Group 
Limited, 
or 
any 
successor 
thereto, 
which 
list 
is 
currently 
available 
at 
http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php. 
"Additional Provisions" means any additional provisions from time to time published by ISDA for 
use in the over-the-counter credit derivatives market and specified as applicable in relation to a 
Reference Entity which may include: 
(i)
the Additional Provisions for Physically Settled Default Swaps - Monoline Insurer as 
Reference Entity, as published by ISDA on 21 January 2005; or 
(ii)
any other provisions specified in relation to such Reference Entity. 
"Affected Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 6(d) above. 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the person.  For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person. 
"Asset" means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or 
other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realized 
or capable of being realized in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists).

--- Page 1145 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1145 - 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined 
by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations 
of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package.  If the Relevant Holder is offered, 
receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero. 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(i)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in respect of the Reference Entity: 
(i)
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii)
a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity and such Restructuring 
does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(ii)
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Reference Entity, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event 
Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are 
not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the 
Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and if specified as applicable to a 
Deliverable Obligation Category, the Assignable Loan Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall 
be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are 
Loans. 
"Auction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
"Auction Final Price" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or the 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms identified by the Swap Counterparty in the Auction Settlement 
Amount Notice. 
If "Zero Recovery" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Auction Final Price shall be zero and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, no Auction Settlement Amount Notice shall be required. 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms.

--- Page 1146 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1146 - 
"Auction Settlement Amount" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Auction Settlement Amount = Max [0, Min (RENA, [RENA x AFP] - UC – CAL)] 
Where:  
"AFP" means the relevant Auction Final Price;  
"CAL" means the Charged Assets Loss; 
"RENA" means the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of the relevant Reference Entity; 
and 
"UC" means the Unwind Costs (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Unwind Costs 
are not applicable, in which event "UC" means zero). 
"Auction Settlement Amount Notice" means a notice given by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, 
the Trustee and the Calculation Agent on or prior to the date which is 65 Business Days following 
the Final List Publication Date (or, if later, the Movement Option Cut-off Date) specifying: 
(i)
the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which the 
Swap Counterparty has elected to apply to the Credit Default Swap Agreement (provided 
that the Swap Counterparty may only elect to apply any Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
(for purposes of which all Deliverable Obligations (as defined in respect of the Final List) 
on the Final List will be Permissible Deliverable Obligations, under the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms) in the circumstances set out in sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii)(ii) of the 
definition of "No Auction Announcement Date"); and 
(ii)
the Auction Settlement Amount. 
"Auction Settlement Date" means: 
(i)
the date that is three Business Days following delivery by the Swap Counterparty of the 
Auction Settlement Amount Notice (or, if "Zero Recovery" is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the date that is the relevant Event Determination Date); or 
(ii)
(if "Settlement Deferral" is specified as applicable) if later, (in the case of Credit Linked 
Certificates) the Redemption Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the Maturity Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this shall be without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 3(a). 
"Bankruptcy" means a Reference Entity: 
(i)
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(ii)
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as 
they become due; 
(iii)
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective; 
(iv)
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law

--- Page 1147 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1147 - 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, 
in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition: 
(i)
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii)
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar 
days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(v)
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(vi)
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(vii)
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty 
calendar days thereafter; or 
(viii)
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (i) to 
(vii) (inclusive) above. 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that 
is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money obligation. 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits 
and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
"Capped Reference Entity" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, a Reference 
Entity having a specified Transaction Type in respect of which "60 Business Day Cap on Settlement" 
is expressed as applying in the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
"Cash Settlement Date" means:  
(i)
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms (or, if a number 
of Business Days is not specified, three Business Days) immediately following the 
determination of the Weighted Average Final Price (or, if "Zero Recovery" is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the date that is the relevant Event Determination Date); or 
(ii)
(if "Settlement Deferral" is specified as applicable) if later, (in the case of Credit Linked 
Certificates) the Redemption Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the Maturity Date.  
For the avoidance of doubt, this shall be without prejudice to Credit Linked Condition 3(a).

--- Page 1148 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1148 - 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
(A) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any tax law, solvency, regulatory or capital requirements), or (B) due to the promulgation 
of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or 
financial authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Calculation 
Agent determines that: 
(i)
the Issuer is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the Credit Linked Securities or 
it has become illegal for the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty or any of the Swap 
Counterparty's Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant hedge positions in 
respect of the Credit Linked Securities; or 
(ii)
the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty or any of the Swap Counterparty's Affiliates would incur 
a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, in respect of any tax, solvency, 
regulatory or capital requirements) in maintaining the Credit Linked Securities in issue or 
in holding, acquiring or disposing of any relevant hedge positions of the Credit Linked 
Securities. 
"Charged Assets Loss" means, in relation to any Charged Assets, an amount equal to:  
(a) 
the price at which such Charged Assets were initially acquired by the Issuer; less 
(b) 
the net proceeds of liquidation of such Charged Assets, 
subject to a minimum of zero, provided that, where No Charged Assets Loss is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Charged Assets Loss will be equal to zero. 
If the Charged Assets are disposed of by the Issuer pursuant to a Repurchase Agreement then the 
Charged Assets Loss shall be equal to zero. 
"CoCo Supplement" means the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions, as published by ISDA.  
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible 
Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery 
Date or, as applicable, as of the Relevant Valuation Date, provided, however, that a Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that 
consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds 
(or the consent of the relevant obligor if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable 
Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms 
of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or 
delayed.  Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent 
for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of 
this definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation".

--- Page 1149 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1149 - 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the 
consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the 
relevant borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and, if specified 
as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Consent Required Loan Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within the Deliverable 
Obligation Category that are Loans. 
"Credit Default Swap Agreement" means the credit default swap transaction(s) entered into 
between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty in connection with the Credit Linked Securities 
provided that if a Credit Default Swap Agreement is not specified as a Related Agreement in the 
applicable Final Terms, each reference to "Credit Default Swap Agreement" in these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be deemed to be a reference to the Swap Agreement.  
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any 
successor website thereto) from time to time and as may be amended from time to time. 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA, and, in addition, if Additional Provisions are specified to be applicable with 
respect to the Credit Linked Securities in the Final Terms, as supplemented by the Additional 
Provisions. 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established pursuant to 
the Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative 
transactions in the over-the-counter market, as more fully described in the Rules. 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring, Governmental 
Intervention or Additional Credit Event as specified with respect to a Reference Entity. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence 
based upon: 
(i)
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(ii)
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to 
any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(iii)
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(iv)
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other 
similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Trade Date or, 
if so specified in the Final Terms, the Issue Date or such other date specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 1150 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1150 - 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
"Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount" means, in relation to any Reference Entity and unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms, an amount in the Settlement Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula below: 
Credit Event Cash Settlement Amount = Max [0, Min (RENA, [RENA x WAFP] - UC – CAL)] 
Where: 
"CAL" means the Charged Assets Loss; 
"RENA" means the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount; 
"UC" means the Unwind Costs (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the Unwind Costs 
are not applicable, in which event "UC" means zero); and 
"WAFP" means the Weighted Average Final Price, or if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Final Price or such other price specified therein. 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Swap Counterparty (which may be in 
writing (including by facsimile and/or by email and/or by telephone)) to the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent and the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable 
(with, for information purposes only, a copy in writing of such notice (a "Copy Notice") sent to the 
Trustee; for the avoidance of doubt, failure to deliver a Copy Notice will not invalidate the Credit 
Event Notice) that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date 
and on or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event (other than any Additional Credit Event) that 
occurred after the Scheduled Termination Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, 
in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in 
the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must be in 
respect of the full Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred, provided that where an Event Determination Date 
has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) of the definition thereof, a reference to the relevant DC 
Credit Event Announcement shall suffice.  The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the 
date as publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and on 
which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly 
Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Credit Linked Certificates" means Certificates linked to the credit of a specified entity or entities. 
"Credit Linked Notes" means Notes linked to the credit of a specified entity or entities. 
"Credit Linked Securities" means Credit Linked Notes and/or Credit Linked Certificates.

--- Page 1151 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1151 - 
"Credit Observation Period End Date" means the date, if any, specified as such in the Final Terms 
or, if no such date is specified, the Scheduled Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) or the Scheduled 
Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates). 
"Credit Security Business Day" means, in respect of any Reference Entity, (a)(i) a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the place 
or places and on the days specified for that purpose with respect to such Reference Entity, and/or (ii) 
a TARGET Settlement Day (if "TARGET" or "TARGET Settlement Day" is specified with respect 
to such Reference Entity), or (b) if a place or places or such terms are not so specified, (i) if the 
related Reference Entity Notional Amount is denominated in the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, 
or (ii) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open 
to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the currency of denomination 
of the related Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
Business Days referenced in the Physical Settlement Matrix shall be deemed to be Credit Security 
Business Days. 
"Credit Security Dealer" means a dealer in obligations of the type of Obligation(s) (as the case may 
be) for which quotations are to be obtained (as selected by the Calculation Agent) and may include 
the Swap Counterparty or its Affiliate and a Holder of Securities or its Affiliate or as may otherwise 
be specified in the Final Terms. 
"Credit Security Settlement Date" means either: 
(i)
(in the case of Credit Linked Certificates) the Scheduled Redemption Date or (in the case 
of Credit Linked Notes) the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(ii)
where the Swap Counterparty delivers an Extension Notice in relation to a Reference Entity 
is delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (copied to the Trustee, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, and the 
Calculation Agent) at or prior to 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date falling two London 
Business Days prior to (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the Scheduled Maturity Date or 
(in the case of Credit Linked Certificates) the Scheduled Redemption Date, the date falling 
two Business Days after the latest to occur of the expiry of the Notice Delivery Period, the 
expiry of the Post Dismissal Additional Period or the latest date on which it would be 
possible for the Swap Counterparty to deliver a Credit Event Notice under paragraph 
(ii)(i)(B) or (ii)(ii) of the definition of "Event Determination Date". 
"Currency Amount" means with respect to: 
(i)
a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, or a selected Valuation Obligation that is denominated 
in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted to the Settlement 
Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate; and 
(ii)
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement Currency) 
using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each 
Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding 
Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount into the currency of denomination of the 
relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation.

--- Page 1152 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1152 - 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to: 
(i)
a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, or a selected Valuation Obligation, the rate of conversion 
between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of 
such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either: 
(i)
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time; or 
(ii)
if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine 
in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(ii)
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the 
Revised Currency Rate. 
"Currency Rate Source" means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 
p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the 
date that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable.  
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event 
Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after 
the Credit Observation Period End Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the 
relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a 
Credit Event has occurred. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a 
Credit Event. 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"DC Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date" means the earliest to occur of the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, a Valuation Date, a Physical Settlement Date, a Delivery Date, the Credit 
Security Settlement Date or other redemption or settlement date of the Credit Linked Securities or

--- Page 1153 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1153 - 
the date on which instructions are given by or on behalf of the Issuer for any such redemption or 
settlement or any date, as determined by the Swap Counterparty acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, of termination, settlement, replacement or re-establishment in whole or in part of any Hedge 
Transaction (or entry into a binding commitment in respect of any of the foregoing) by or on behalf 
of the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates (following the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date or in reliance on a prior DC Resolution), as applicable. 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Default Requirement" means the amount as may be specified as such in the Final Terms or, if a 
Transaction Type is specified, the amount specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, U.S.$ 10,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency), in either case, as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Credit Event. 
"Deliver" means:  
(i)
to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of 
the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of 
the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary 
documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, 
with respect to Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, 
all equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, to the Issuer or the 
Holders of Securities, as the case may be, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims 
or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant 
clearance system, but including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than 
a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in the definition of "Credit Event") 
or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor) 
provided that (1) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means 
to create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the Issuer or the holders of 
Securities, as the case may be, and (2) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" 
means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided further that 
if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, (A) "Deliver" means to Deliver the Underlying Obligation, 
the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap and (B) 
those claims shall be deemed to be Deliverable Obligations).  "Delivery" and "Delivered" 
will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the 
form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such 
Loan at that time, provided further that the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and each holder 
of Securities agrees to comply, for the purposes of the settlement of the Swap Agreement 
and the Credit Linked Securities, with the provisions of any documentation (which shall 
include any market advisory that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to approve for such purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves constitutes documentation customarily used in the relevant market for 
Delivery of such Loan at that time, as such documentation may be amended to the extent 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves is appropriate, which 
is consistent with the delivery and payment obligations of the parties hereunder.  The Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty agree, and each Holder of Securities is deemed to further agree, 
that compliance by the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty with the provisions of any such

--- Page 1154 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1154 - 
documentation shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery for the 
purposes of this definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions 
describing how Delivery should be effected) and none of the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty 
nor any Holder of Securities shall be permitted to request that any party take nor shall the 
Issuer, the Swap Counterparty or any Holder of Securities be required to take, any action or 
make any payment in connection with such Delivery, as applicable, unless otherwise 
contemplated by such documentation. 
(ii)
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (A) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset 
Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to 
the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) paragraph (i) of the definition of "Deliver" and the 
relevant provisions on delivery shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package 
provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a Loan for these 
purposes, (C) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full 
three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer or Swap Counterparty or the 
Calculation Agent on behalf of the Issuer has notified the Holders of the Securities of the 
detailed description of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the 
definition of "Notice of Physical Settlement", (D) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to 
make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by 
Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (E) if the relevant 
Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value. 
"Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(i)
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations; 
(ii)
the Reference Obligation; 
(iii)
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is 
a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; and 
(iv)
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity) or 
any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (A) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (B) provided that the obligation 
has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero 
(determined for purposes of paragraph (iv), immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit 
Event). 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations", the term "Deliverable 
Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable 
Obligation Category specified in respect of the Reference Entity, and, subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 5 (Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable

--- Page 1155 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1155 - 
Obligation Category and Characteristics), having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, 
if any, specified in respect of the Reference Entity, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date 
and the Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified). 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a Reference Entity.  If any 
of Payment, Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable Obligation 
Category and more than one of Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct Loan 
Participation are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable Obligations 
may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified 
and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics.  No Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics are applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, 
Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth 
in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" in relation to any Reference Entity, has the meaning set forth in 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date on 
which such Deliverable Obligation or Asset Package is Delivered (or deemed Delivered under 
paragraph (ii)(C) of the definition of "Deliver"). 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation 
agreement, the Swap Counterparty is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual 
right in favour of the Issuer that provides the Issuer with recourse to the participation seller for a 
specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between the Issuer and either: 
(i)
the Swap Counterparty (to the extent that the Swap Counterparty, is then a lender or member 
of the relevant lending syndicate), or 
(ii)
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller 
is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity and 
any successor currency thereto.  If no currency is so specified, the Domestic Currency shall be the 
lawful currency and any successor currency of: 
(i)
the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(ii)
the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign. 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organized, if such Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign.

--- Page 1156 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1156 - 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
Reference Entity. 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity 
under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts) 
less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to 
any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) 
a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation 
in effect on either (A) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after 
such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date) or (B) the Relevant Valuation 
Date, as applicable. 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information. 
"Eligible Transferee" means each of the following: 
(i)
any: 
(A) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(B) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(C) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity 
described in sub-paragraph (iii)(A) below); and 
(D) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 
500,000,000; 
(ii)
an Affiliate of an entity specified in (i) above; 
(iii)
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(A) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer 
of collateralized debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special 
purpose vehicle) that (I) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (II) is one 
of a group of investment vehicles under common control or management having, 
in aggregate, total assets of at least USD 100,000,000: 
(B) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(C) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed 
or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement 
by an entity described in paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii)(B) or (iv) hereof; and 
(iv)
any: 
(A) 
Sovereign; or

--- Page 1157 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1157 - 
(B) 
entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or 
more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International 
Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, 
All references in this definition to U.S.$ or USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as 
determined by the Swap Counterparty or the Calculation Agent. 
"Event Determination Date" means, in respect of any Credit Event:  
(i)
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) below, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, 
provided that neither a DC Credit Event Announcement nor a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the 
Credit Event Notice; or 
(ii)
save in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event and notwithstanding sub-paragraph 
(i) above, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
(including prior to the Trade Date), either: 
(i)
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either:  
(A) 
(1) 
the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(1) 
the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(2) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date; or  
(ii)
if so elected by the Swap Counterparty, the first date on which a Credit Event 
Notice is delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer during either the Notice 
Delivery Period or the period from and including the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement to and including the date that is 15 Business Days thereafter, 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable) has occurred 
on or prior to the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement 
occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred on or prior to 
the date on which the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to the 
portion of the Reference Entity Notional Amount, if any, with respect to which no 
Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit 
Event has previously been delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer:

--- Page 1158 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1158 - 
(A)
unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also 
the subject of the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date;  
(B)
unless, and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in any such 
Credit Event Notice was less than the then outstanding Reference Entity 
Notional Amount; or 
(C)
unless the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction is an Auction Covered 
Transaction and the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List are 
identical to the Permissible Deliverable Obligations for such Notional Credit 
Derivative Transaction. 
No Event Determination Date will occur with respect to an event, and any Event Determination Date 
previously determined with respect to an event shall be deemed not to have occurred, if, or to the 
extent that, a DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs with respect to the event that, but for such 
DC No Credit Event Announcement, would have constituted a Credit Event, prior to the DC 
Resolution Reversal Cut-off Date. Where No Prior Event Determination Date is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Event Determination Date may occur prior to the Issue 
Date and any Event Determination Date which would have occurred prior to the Issue Date but for 
this sentence shall be deemed to have no effect. 
"Excess Amount" means any amount paid to the Holders of Securities but which was not due on 
the Credit Linked Securities, as a result of the occurrence of a DC Credit Event Announcement, 
Event Determination Date or Credit Event Resolution Request Date on or around the date on which 
the amount in question would otherwise have been required to be paid. 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(i)
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(ii)
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components 
have been stripped; and 
(iii)
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the 
date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(i)
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(ii)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity and the Reference Entity is a Senior Transaction, then for purposes of determining 
whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated 
Obligation; and 
(iii)
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity and the Reference Entity is a Subordinated Transaction, then for purposes of 
determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any 
Further Subordinated Obligation. 
"Exercise Amount" has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 8(a)(i).

--- Page 1159 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1159 - 
"Exercise Cut-off Date" means the date that is the later of: 
(i)
65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date; 
(ii)
15 Credit Security Business Days following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if 
any; 
(iii)
15 Credit Security Business Days following the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iv)
15 Credit Security Business Days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, 
or such later date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves.  
"Extended Physical Settlement Date" means: 
(i)
in the case of a Capped Reference Entity, the 60th Credit Security Business Day following 
the Physical Settlement Date, provided that if, under the terms of a Hedge Transaction, the 
Original Bonds or Original Loans (or Assets which form part of the Asset Package intended 
to be Delivered in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond (the 
"Original Assets"), or any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof), may not be 
received by the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates on or before 
the Extended Physical Settlement Date but the Issuer and/or the Swap Counterparty and/or 
any of its Affiliates may, in accordance with the terms of the Hedge Transaction, receive or 
otherwise obtain such Original Bonds or such Original Loans or other Bonds or Loans in 
lieu thereof or Original Assets or any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof on or 
before the date falling three Credit Security Business Days (in a case where Original Bonds 
may be received or otherwise obtained after the Extended Physical Settlement Date) or ten 
Credit Security Business Days (in a case where Original Loans or other Loans or Bonds in 
lieu thereof or Original Assets or any other Deliverable Obligations in lieu thereof may be 
received or otherwise obtained after the Extended Physical Settlement Date) after the 
Extended Physical Settlement Date, such date may be further extended to a date falling up 
to three Credit Security Business Days or ten Credit Security Business Days, respectively, 
after the original Extended Physical Settlement Date, or to such earlier date as the Swap 
Counterparty may select; and 
(ii)
in the case of a Non-Capped Reference Entity, such date as the Swap Counterparty may 
select, provided that such date falls no later than the 120th Credit Security Business Day 
following the Physical Settlement Date or, in the absence of such selection, such 120th
Credit Security Business Day. 
"Extension Date" means the latest of: 
(i)
the Credit Observation Period End Date, as applicable; 
(ii)
the Grace Period Extension Date if: 
(A) 
"Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as applicable in 
relation to any Reference Entity; 
(B) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or 
prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date; and  
(C) 
the Swap Counterparty delivers an Extension Notice under sub-paragraph (ii) of 
the definition thereof;

--- Page 1160 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1160 - 
(iii)
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if: 
(A) 
Repudiation/Moratorium is specified as applicable in relation to any Reference 
Entity; and 
(B) 
the Swap Counterparty deliver an Extension Notice under sub-paragraph (iii) of the 
definition thereof. 
"Extension Notice" means a notice from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent or the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, and the 
Calculation Agent giving notice of the following in relation to a Reference Entity: 
(i)
without prejudice to sub-paragraphs (ii), (iii) or (iv) below, that a Credit Event has occurred 
or may occur on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date; or 
(ii)
that a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit 
Observation Period End Date; or 
(iii)
that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred or may occur on or prior to the Credit 
Observation Period End Date; or 
(iv)
that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to the 
last day of the Notice Delivery Period.  
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction 
of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference 
Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such 
Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion 
existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a 
Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of 
interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available market 
rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
"Fallback Settlement Event" means: 
(i)
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(ii)
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (and in circumstances where the No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii)(ii) of the definition 
thereof, the Swap Counterparty has not delivered an Auction Settlement Amount Notice 
specifying an applicable Parallel Auction Settlement Terms on or prior to the Movement 
Option Cut-off Date); 
(iii)
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or 
(iv)
an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (i) of the definition of 
"Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event Request Resolution Date has occurred 
within three Business Days of such Event Determination Date.

--- Page 1161 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1161 - 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in the 
Final Terms. 
"Final List" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
"Final List Publication Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event, the date on which the last Final 
List in respect of such Credit Event is published by ISDA. 
"Final Price" means the price of the Reference Obligation or, as applicable, any Valuation 
Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, expressed as a percentage of its 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, as the case may be, the Outstanding 
Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior 
to the Asset Package Credit Event), as applicable, determined in accordance with: 
(i)
the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or otherwise in accordance with 
the definition of "Quotation") with respect to the Relevant Valuation Date (or, in the case 
of a relevant Asset other than Borrowed Money and other than a Non-Transferable 
Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, such other market value of the relevant Asset as 
may be determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner); or 
(ii)
if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the 
relevant Asset Market Value. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Asset Package is or is deemed to be zero, the Final Price shall be 
zero.  
If "Zero Recovery" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Final Price shall be zero. 
"First Ranking Interest" means an Interest which is expressed as being "first ranking", "first 
priority", or similar ("First Ranking") in the document creating such Interest (notwithstanding that 
such Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency 
jurisdiction of the LPN Issuer). 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability 
of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, 
provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one 
or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable 
pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
"Full Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the Credit Security 
Dealers, each firm quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable) obtained from a Credit Security Dealer at the Valuation Time, 
to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Reference Obligation, Deliverable 
Obligation or, as the case may be, Undeliverable Obligations with an Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, equal to the Quotation Amount. 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the 
case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent 
of any person being required in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each 
case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date or, as applicable, the Relevant 
Valuation Date.  Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a 
Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or

--- Page 1162 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1162 - 
paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent 
for purposes of this definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation".   
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); (ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; (iii) any authority or any other entity 
(private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or 
supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Reference Entity or some or of 
all of its obligations; or (iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in 
(i) to (iii). 
"Governmental Intervention" means: 
(i)
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a 
result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, 
or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or 
regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, 
irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation: 
(i)
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(A)
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B)
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(C)
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment 
or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(D)
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing 
the Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii)
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(iii)
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv)
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (i)(i) to 
(i)(iii) above. 
(ii)
For purposes of (i) above, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying 
Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
"Grace Period" means:

--- Page 1163 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1163 - 
(i)
subject to sub-paragraphs (ii) and (iii), the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(ii)
if "Grace Period Extension" is applicable in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date 
and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Credit 
Observation Period End Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such 
grace period and the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no period 
is specified, thirty calendar days; and 
(iii)
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three 
Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that, 
unless Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to the relevant Reference 
Entity, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Credit Observation Period 
End Date. 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for 
that purpose in the relevant Obligation or if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation 
Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial 
city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if: 
(i)
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity; and 
(ii)
a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date, 
the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. 
If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity, Grace 
Period Extension shall not apply. 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
"Hedge Disruption Event" means the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates has not 
received the relevant Deliverable Obligations and/or cash under the terms of a Hedge Transaction. 
"Hedge Transaction" means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the Swap 
Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Swap Counterparty's 
obligations or positions (whether in whole or in part) in respect of the Credit Default Swap 
Agreement. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable, or the Swap Counterparty 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to 
(A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) or any futures or options contract(s) it deems necessary to hedge its exposure with respect 
to (in the case of the Issuer or the Guarantor) the Credit Linked Securities or (in the case of the Swap 
Counterparty) the relevant Credit Default Swap Agreement, or (B) freely realise, recover, remit, 
receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or

--- Page 1164 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1164 - 
options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the Credit Linked Securities or the 
Credit Default Swap Agreement, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer, the Guarantor, if applicable, or the Swap 
Counterparty and/or any of their respective Affiliates would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, if applicable, or the Swap Counterparty, or, in the case of the Issuer or the Guarantor, if 
applicable, issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Securities, or in 
the case of the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, performing its obligations under the Swap 
Agreement entered into with respect to the Credit Linked Securities, or (B) realise, recover or remit 
the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased 
amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Swap 
Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Interest" means, for the purposes of the definition of "First Ranking Interest", a charge, security 
interest or other type of interest having similar effect. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor thereto). 
"July 2009 Supplement" means the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, 
Auction Settlement and Restructuring Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, 
as published by ISDA on 14 July 2009. 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Swap Counterparty by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest immediately 
realizable value, determined by the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the methodology, if any, 
determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and a 
Credit Event that is a Restructuring, the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity 
date. 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means, in respect of a Potential Cash Settlement 
Event in respect of a Deliverable Obligation comprised of Loans where "Partial Cash Settlement of 
Consent Required Loans", "Partial Cash Settlement of Assignable Loans" or "Partial Cash 
Settlement of Participations" is specified as applicable in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, 
the date that is 15 Credit Security Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, or, in respect of 
any other Potential Cash Settlement Event, 30 calendar days following the Physical Settlement Date. 
"Legacy Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked Condition 6(c)(ii) 
above. 
"Limitation Date" means, in respect of a Credit Event that is a Restructuring, the first of March 20, 
June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any year to occur on or immediately following the date 
that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year 
Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15

--- Page 1165 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1165 - 
years or 20 years, as applicable.  Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention. 
"Linear Basket Credit Linked Certificates" means Credit Linked Certificates where the Swap 
Counterparty purchases credit protection from the Issuer in respect of a basket of Reference Entities 
(other than on an Nth-to-default basis), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes" means Credit Linked Notes where the Swap Counterparty 
purchases credit protection from the Issuer in respect of a basket of Reference Entities (other than 
on an Nth-to-default basis), as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Linear Basket Credit Linked Securities" means Linear Basket Credit Linked Certificates and/or 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be. 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange 
and, if specified as applicable to an Obligation Category, the Listed Obligation Characteristic shall 
be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Obligation Category that are Bonds or, if 
specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Listed Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation 
Category that are Bonds. 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that 
is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement 
and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
"LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note by the LPN Issuer. 
"LPN Issuer" means, in respect of any LPN, the entity which issued the relevant LPN. 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation which is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds to the LPN Issuer to finance an 
Underlying Loan.  For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference 
Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from 
constituting a Reference Obligation. 
"Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than: 
(i)
the period specified in relation to a Reference Entity; or 
(ii)
if no such period is so specified, 30 years. 
"Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to 
(but excluding) Credit Observation Period End Date, a Reference Entity, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) or the Swap Counterparty consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers 
all or substantially all of its assets to a Reference Entity, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Swap 
Counterparty, as applicable, or the Guarantor (if applicable) and a Reference Entity or the Issuer and 
a Reference Entity or the Swap Counterparty and a Reference Entity become affiliates.

--- Page 1166 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1166 - 
"Merger Event Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means, unless where specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
lower of: 
(i)
U.S.$ 1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency); and 
(ii)
the Quotation Amount. 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" 
or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
securities and other financial assets. 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Termination 
Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Termination Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, 
the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Credit Observation Period End 
Date. 
"Movement Option Cut-off Date" means the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following 
the Exercise Cut-off Date (or, if later, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves) or such earlier date as the Swap Counterparty may designate 
by notice to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent. 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that: 
(i)
at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than 
three holders that are not Affiliates of each other; and 
(ii)
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of the 
Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six and two-thirds is 
required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event, 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in (ii) above. 
"N" or "Nth" means, where the applicable Final Terms specify that "Nth-to-Default Credit Linked 
Security" is applicable, such number as may be specified in such Final Terms. 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means 4:00 p.m. (London time) on the London Business Day 
immediately following the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective or, as applicable, the date of selection of Valuation 
Obligations. 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to any Reference Entity and a Credit Event, 
the date on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(i)
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published with respect to credit derivative transactions in the over-the-counter 
market and the relevant Credit Event and Reference Entity;

--- Page 1167 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1167 - 
(ii)
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or 
(iii)
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction 
will be held with respect to such Reference Entity and Credit Event following a prior public 
announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances where either: 
(i)
no Parallel Auction will be held; or  
(ii)
one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
"Non-Capped Reference Entity" means a Reference Entity which is not a Capped Reference 
Entity. 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the 
Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued 
or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable). 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or 
if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
"NOPS Amendment Notice" means a notice delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer 
(copied to the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, 
as applicable, and the Calculation Agent) notifying them that the Swap Counterparty is replacing, in 
whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation 
has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective). 
"NOPS Effective Date" means the date on which a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered by the Swap Counterparty. 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to 
such bearer instrument are cleared via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system and, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Not Bearer Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect 
of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds. 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a 
Domestic Currency. 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or reissued, 
as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the

--- Page 1168 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1168 - 
Reference Entity.  Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been 
taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the Reference Entity 
(regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic 
market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be), 
or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity. 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a 
Domestic Law. 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or (B) 
any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally 
referred to as "Paris Club debt". 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the Reference Obligation 
or (II) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable. 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable, an effective Notice 
of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer. 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the 
date 15 Credit Security Business Days (or such other number of days as may be specified in the Final 
Terms) after the Extension Date (or, if the relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, the 
later of such date and the Exercise Cut-off Date).  
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, 
the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as 
applicable, the Calculation Agent with a copy to the Holders of Securities on or prior to the latest 
of: 
(i)
65 Business Days following the Final List Publication Date; 
(ii)
subject to sub-paragraph (iii) below, 25 Credit Security Business Days after the last to occur 
of the Auction Cancellation Date, the No Auction Announcement Date, the last Parallel 
Auction Cancellation Date and the last Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date (in each 
case if any and if applicable); and 
(iii)
in circumstances where the No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to sub-
paragraph (ii) or (iii)(B) of the definition thereof, the Swap Counterparty has not delivered 
an Auction Settlement Amount Notice specifying an applicable Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms to the Issuer (copied to the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Principal Warrant and 
Certificate Agent, as applicable, the Calculation Agent and the Trustee) by the Movement 
Option Cut-off Date, 5 Credit Security Business Days following such Movement Option 
Cut-off Date;  
(iv)
30 calendar days following the Event Determination Date; and 
(v)
10 calendar days following the date of the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or of 
the relevant DC Credit Event Question Dismissal,

--- Page 1169 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1169 - 
(the "NOPS Cut-off Date") that: 
(i)
confirms that the Swap Counterparty will settle the Credit Default Swap Agreement 
which would then require the Issuer to redeem the Credit Linked Securities by 
physical delivery in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4; and 
(ii)
contains a detailed description of the Deliverable Obligations that the Swap 
Counterparty intends to Deliver to or to the order of the Issuer and the Issuer will 
Deliver (or procure Delivery of) to the Holders of Securities, including the 
Outstanding Amount and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable 
Obligations. 
The Notice of Physical Settlement shall specify Deliverable Obligations having an Outstanding 
Amount (or the equivalent specified Currency Amount converted at the Currency Rate) on the 
Settlement Valuation Date at least equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, as applicable, 
Exercise Amount), subject to any Physical Settlement Adjustment. 
The Swap Counterparty may, from time to time, deliver to the Issuer (copied to the Trustee, the 
Issuing and Paying Agent or the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, and the 
Calculation Agent) in the manner specified above a NOPS Amendment Notice.  A NOPS 
Amendment Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation and shall also specify the Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount.  The 
Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment 
Notice shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount.  Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be 
effective on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date (determined without reference to any change 
resulting from such NOPS Amendment Notice).   
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Swap Counterparty may correct any errors or inconsistencies 
in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to the Issuer (copied to the 
Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, 
and the Calculation Agent and the Holders of Securities) (given in the manner specified above) prior 
to the relevant Delivery Date, and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Swap Counterparty 
shall, prior to the Delivery Date, notify the Issuer (copied to the Trustee, the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, and the Calculation Agent with 
a copy to the Holders of Securities) of the detailed description of the Asset Package, if any, that it 
intends to Deliver in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being 
understood in each case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice.  
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice under the Swap 
Agreement from the Swap Counterparty (which may be by telephone) to the Issuer, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, and the Calculation Agent 
(with, for information purposes only, a copy in writing of such notice (a "Copy Information 
Notice") sent to the Trustee; for the avoidance of doubt, failure to deliver a Copy Information Notice 
will not invalidate the Notice of Publicly Available Information) that cites Publicly Available 
Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event described in the Credit Event Notice. In 
relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, the Notice of Publicly Available Information 
must cite Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of both sub-paragraphs (i) and 
(ii) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". The notice must contain a copy, or a description 
in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If Notice of Publicly Available

--- Page 1170 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1170 - 
Information is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms 
and a Credit Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice will 
also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
"Notional Credit Derivative Transaction" means, with respect to any Credit Linked Security and 
a Reference Entity, a hypothetical market standard credit default swap transaction entered into by 
the Swap Counterparty, as Buyer (as defined in the Credit Derivatives Definitions), incorporating 
the terms of the Credit Derivatives Definitions and under the terms of which: 
(i)
the "Trade Date" is the Trade Date, if specified in the Final Terms and if not, the Issue Date; 
(ii)
the "Scheduled Termination Date" is the Credit Observation Period End Date; 
(iii)
the "Reference Entit(y)(ies)" thereunder is (are) such Reference Entit(y)(ies); 
(iv)
the applicable "Transaction Type", if any, is the Transaction Type for the purposes of such 
Credit Linked Security; and 
(v)
the remaining terms as to credit linkage are consistent with the terms of such Credit Linked 
Security as it relates to such Reference Entity. 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Certificate" means any First-to-Default Credit Linked Certificate 
or any other nth-to-default Credit Linked Certificates where the Swap Counterparty purchases credit 
protection from the Issuer in respect of two or more Reference Entities, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Nth-to-Default Credit Linked Note" means any First-to-Default Credit Linked Note or any other 
nth-to-default Credit Linked Notes where the Swap Counterparty purchases credit protection from 
the Issuer in respect of two or more Reference Entities, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Obligation" means: 
(i)
any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee) determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Obligations; and 
(ii)
the Reference Obligation, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Obligations", the term "Obligation" may be defined 
as each obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in respect 
thereof and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in respect thereof, in each 
case, immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event Notice or 
the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date, as applicable. 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due 
and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other 
similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in relation to a Reference Entity.

--- Page 1171 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1171 - 
"Obligation Characteristic" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance 
as specified in relation to a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (howsoever described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
"Original Bonds" means any Bonds comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
"Original Loans" means any Loans comprising part of the relevant Deliverable Obligations. 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in 
relation to the Reference Entity (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for purposes of the Reference Entity (other than for the purposes of 
determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) unless (a) otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms by reference to this definition, or (b) the Reference Entity is a Reference Obligation Only 
Trade. 
"Outstanding Amount" means the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable. 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i)
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's 
principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 5(h), the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations 
(which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance 
(including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation 
(determined as if references to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying 
Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii)
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a 
result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the 
amount determined in paragraph (i) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(iii)
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either 
(I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date

--- Page 1172 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1172 - 
but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the Relevant Valuation Date, 
as applicable; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue 
price or accrued value of the obligation). 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its 
website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out 
in paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each case, immediately 
preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as defined in any 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date" means the "Auction Final Price Determination 
Date" as defined in any relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to 
such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions which would be applicable to the Notional Credit Derivative 
Transaction and for which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would not be an Auction 
Covered Transaction. 
"Parallel Notice of Physical Settlement Date" means "Notice of Physical Settlement Date" as 
defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" means where the applicable Settlement Method is Physical 
Settlement, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the aggregate, for each 
Undeliverable Obligation, of: 
(i)
the Final Price of such Undeliverable Obligations multiplied by 
(ii)
the relevant Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency Amount, 
as applicable, of such Undeliverable Obligation specified in the relevant Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" means the date falling three Credit Security Business Days (unless 
otherwise specified in relation to a Reference Entity) after the calculation of the Final Price. 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the 
payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, U.S.$ 1,000,000 or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency), in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential 
Failure to Pay, as applicable.

--- Page 1173 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1173 - 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable Obligations included on 
the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction. 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations: 
(i)
as a result of the application of: 
(A) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all 
of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(B) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(C) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee 
(or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(D) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(E) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(ii)
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation 
and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances 
where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the 
same single transferee. 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment" means a reduction to the Outstanding Amount of Deliverable 
Obligations specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, 
by an amount of Deliverable Obligations having a liquidation value equal to the Unwind Costs and 
Charged Assets Loss (in each case, only if positive) rounded upwards to the nearest whole 
denomination of a Deliverable Obligation, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the applicable Final Terms specify that Unwind Costs are not 
applicable, the Physical Settlement Adjustment shall be zero. 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment Rounding Amount" means an amount (if any) equal to the 
difference between the absolute value of the Physical Settlement Adjustment and the liquidation 
value of such whole number of Deliverable Obligations as are not required to be Delivered by the 
Swap Counterparty by way of compensation for any Unwind Costs. 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following 
the NOPS Cut-off Date as specified in relation to a Reference Entity as the Swap Counterparty may 
designate pursuant to the Credit Default Swap Agreement, provided that if the Final Price has not 
been determined by the Credit Security Business Day immediately preceding the Physical Settlement

--- Page 1174 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1174 - 
Date, the Physical Settlement Date shall be the first Credit Security Business Day after the Final 
Price is determined. 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix 
Supplement to the Credit Derivatives Definitions, as most recently amended or supplemented as at 
the Trade Date (unless otherwise specified in relation to a Reference Entity) and as published by 
ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto), provided that any reference 
therein to: 
(i)
"Confirmation" shall be deemed to be a reference to the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii)
"Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
Specified Currency; 
(iii)
"Section 1.32" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Credit Event Notice" as defined in this 
Credit Linked Condition 10; 
(iv)
"Section 1.33" shall be deemed to be a reference to Credit Linked Condition 8(a); and 
(v)
"Section 8.19" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Physical Settlement Period" as defined 
in this Credit Linked Condition 10. 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(e), the number of Credit 
Security Business Days specified as such in relation to a Reference Entity or, if a number of Credit 
Security Business Days is not so specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the longest 
number of Credit Security Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current market 
practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent, provided that if the 
Swap Counterparty intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be thirty Business Days. 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 15 Business Days thereafter (provided 
that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day 
of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date or, as applicable, the Issue Date)). 
"Potential Cash Settlement Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the 
Swap Counterparty (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system; or the 
failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans or the non-receipt of any 
such requisite consents or any relevant participation (in the case of Direct Loan Participation) is not 
effected; or due to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market conditions, or any 
contractual, statutory and/or regulatory restriction relating to the relevant Deliverable Obligation, or 
due to the failure of the Holder of Securities to give the Issuer details of accounts for settlement; or 
a failure of the Holder of Securities to open or procure the opening of such accounts or if the Holders 
of Securities are unable to accept Delivery of the portfolio of Deliverable Obligations for any other 
reason).  
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more 
Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, without 
regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations.

--- Page 1175 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1175 - 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (i) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(i)
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), 
any obligation of the Reference Entity which (A) existed immediately prior to such 
Governmental Intervention, (B) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) 
fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation set out in paragraph (i) or (ii) of the 
definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each case, immediately preceding the date on 
which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(ii)
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in 
respect of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such 
Reference Obligation, if any. 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a Reference Entity, (i) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if 
any, and otherwise, (ii) the obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and 
otherwise, (iii) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defense (other than a counterclaim or defense based 
on the factors set forth in paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the definition of "Credit Event") or right of set- off 
by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. 
"Public Source" means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones 
Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, 
Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and 
Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business news in the country in which 
the Reference Entity is organized and any other internationally recognized published or 
electronically displayed news sources). 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event described in a Credit Event Notice has occurred 
and which: 
(i) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless 
of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); 
(ii) 
is information received from or published by (A) the Reference Entity that is not a party to 
the relevant Credit Default Swap Agreement (or, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any 
agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof acting in a 
governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such 
Sovereign), or (B) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, 
facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation; or

--- Page 1176 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1176 - 
(iii) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, 
of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body, 
provided that where any information of the type described in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above is not 
publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer and/or any other party receiving such information may assume that such information has been 
disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any 
action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of 
the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information 
to the party receiving such information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the "Downstream 
Affiliate" definition, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (ii) that 
the relevant occurrence (A) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (B) is the 
result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period, or (C) has met the subjective criteria specified in 
certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to 
the 
events 
described 
in 
both 
sub-paragraphs 
(i) 
and 
(ii) 
of 
the 
definition 
of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium". 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference Entity 
in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include 
a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is 
otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, 
in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant 
governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(i)
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit 
(or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(ii)
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(A) 
by payment; 
(B) 
by way of Permitted Transfer;  
(C) 
by operation of law; 
(D) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or

--- Page 1177 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1177 - 
(E) 
due to: 
(1) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of 
the Reference Entity; or 
(2) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, 
in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (I) a non- payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an 
event of the type described in the definition of "Bankruptcy" in respect of the Reference Entity or 
the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension 
is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(x) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery 
of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(y) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in relation to a Reference Entity.  If no such requirements are specified, there shall be no 
Qualifying Participation Seller. 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become 
redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of 
the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-
Contingent Amount. 
"Quotation" means, in respect of any Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or 
Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be, each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average 
Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of its Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Relevant 
Valuation Date from five or more Credit Security Dealers.  If the Calculation Agent is unable to 
obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Credit Security Business Day within three 
Credit Security Business Days of a Relevant Valuation Date, then on the next following Credit 
Security Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Credit Security Business Day thereafter until the 
tenth Credit Security Business Day following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more Credit Security Dealers 
and, if two or more Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation.  If the 
Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation 
on the same Credit Security Business Day on or prior to the tenth Credit Security Business Day 
following the applicable Relevant Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Credit Security Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Credit

--- Page 1178 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1178 - 
Security Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained, the weighted average of any firm 
quotations for the Reference Obligation obtained from Credit Security Dealers at the Valuation Time 
on such tenth Credit Security Business Day with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation 
Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation shall be deemed to be zero for the 
balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
"Quotation Amount" means: 
(i)
with respect to a Reference Obligation, the amount specified in relation to a Reference 
Entity (which may be specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to 
the Representative Amount) or, if no amount is so specified, the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount (or, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency converted by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the 
time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained); 
(ii)
with respect to each type or issue of Deliverable Obligation to be Delivered on or prior to 
the Physical Settlement Date, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency 
as calculated in the same manner as (i) above) of such Deliverable Obligation; and 
(iii)
with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as calculated in the same manner as (i) above) of such 
Undeliverable Obligation. 
"Redemption Agent" means the party specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms which shall not 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Reference Entity" or "Reference Entities" means the reference entity or reference entities 
specified in the Final Terms and any Successor to a Reference Entity either: 
(i)
identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of "Successor" on or 
following the Trade Date; or 
(ii)
identified pursuant to a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date 
and publicly announced by the DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date, 
shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession Date, be the Reference Entity for the Credit 
Linked Securities, as the terms of which may be modified pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 6. 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means the amount in which the Swap Counterparty has 
purchased credit protection in respect of one or more Reference Entities, as set out in the Final Terms 
(or, if no such amount is specified (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount or (in the case of Credit Linked Certificates) the aggregate Notional Amount of the Credit 
Linked Securities, in each case, divided by the number of Reference Entities (and, in the case of 
Instalment Notes or Instalment Certificates, subject to reduction on redemption) subject to Credit 
Linked Conditions 6 and 8. 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless:

--- Page 1179 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1179 - 
(i)
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in relation to a Reference 
Entity, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any; or 
(ii)
(A) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in relation to a Reference 
Entity (or no election is specified in relation to a Reference Entity), (B) there is no Standard 
Reference Obligation and (C) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in relation 
to a Reference Entity, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (1) the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference 
Obligation and (2) the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided 
that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be 
selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to 
be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no 
Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in 
which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity shall constitute 
the Reference Obligation. 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics (for purposes of determining Obligations) or, as the case may be, no 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (for purposes of determining Deliverable Obligations) shall 
be applicable where Reference Obligation Only applies. 
"Reference Obligation Only Trade" means a Reference Entity in respect of which (a) "Reference 
Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category 
and (b) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable.  If the event set out in 
paragraph (i) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occurs with respect to the Reference 
Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, the Issuer shall redeem or cancel, as applicable, 
all but not some only of the Credit Linked Securities on a date as specified by notice to the Trustee, 
Issuing and Paying Agent or Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent, as applicable, the Calculation 
Agent and the Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes or Condition 19 
of the Certificates, as applicable, on or after the Substitution Event Date, and at an amount (which 
may be zero) in respect of each Credit Linked Security equal to the Early Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Condition 7(e) of the Notes or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates, as applicable.  
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation", (i) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Trade and (ii) if the events 
set out in paragraphs (ii) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Trade, such Reference Obligation shall 
continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity.  
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Reference Entity, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, 
as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding

--- Page 1180 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1180 - 
Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession 
Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first 
succession), provided that: 
(i) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or 
held by the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(ii) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the appropriate adjustments 
required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or 
cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession to and 
including the Succession Date; 
(iii) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity and "Senior Transaction" is applicable in respect of the Reference Entity, the related 
Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(iv) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the Reference 
Entity, and "Subordinated Transaction" is applicable in respect of the Reference Entity, the 
related Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated 
Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or 
Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall 
have the same meaning as it would if the "Senior Transaction" were applicable in respect of 
the Reference Entity. 
"Relevant Valuation Date" means the Settlement Valuation Date or Valuation Date, as the case 
may be. 
"Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount" means the Outstanding Amount of each 
Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced. 
"Replacement Deliverable Obligation" means each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the 
Swap Counterparty intends be subject to Credit Linked Condition 4, Deliver to the Issuer in lieu of 
each original Deliverable Obligation which has not been Delivered as at the date of such NOPS 
Amendment Notice. 
"Replacement Reference Entity" means any entity selected by the Calculation Agent acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, which is incorporated in the same geographical area, has the same 
Transaction Type as the Legacy Reference Entity and which is of a similar or better credit quality 
than the Legacy Reference Entity, as measured by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services and/or by 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd., at the date of the relevant Succession Date provided that in selecting 
any Replacement Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent is under no obligation to the Holders of 
Securities, the Issuer, or any other person and, provided that the Successor selected meets the criteria 
specified above, is entitled, and indeed will endeavour, to select the least credit-worthy of the 
Successors.  In making any selection, the Calculation Agent will not be liable to account to the

--- Page 1181 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1181 - 
Holders of Securities, the Issuer or any other person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its 
affiliates which may result directly or indirectly from any such selection. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market and at the relevant time, such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both of the following events: 
(i)
an authorised officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority: 
(A) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or 
(B) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto 
or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement; and 
(ii)
a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, 
determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Credit Observation Period End Date: 
(i)
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, 
the date that is the later of: 
(A) 
the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; 
and 
(B) 
the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace 
Period in respect of such payment date); and 
(ii)
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include 
Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium.  
"Resolve" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be 
interpreted accordingly. 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
"Restructuring" means: 
(i)
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form 
that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all 
holders of such Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity 
or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, 
in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not

--- Page 1182 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1182 - 
expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the 
Credit Event Backstop Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (1) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (2) the payment of principal or premium; 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(E) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor 
currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(ii)
Notwithstanding the provisions of (i) above, none of the following shall constitute a RCA 
Issuer/Parent Restructuring Event: 
(A) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts 
or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(B) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (1) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State 
of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (2) a freely available market rate of conversion 
between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination 
and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
(C) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(i)(A) to (E) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or 
tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
(D) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(i)(A) to (E) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or 
indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of (i)(E) only, no such 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity 
is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State 
of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority.

--- Page 1183 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1183 - 
(iii)
For the purposes of (i) and (ii) above and Credit Linked Condition 8(e), the term 
"Obligation" shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference 
Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee.  In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in (i) above shall be deemed to refer to the 
Underlying Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in (ii) above shall continue to 
refer to the Reference Entity. 
(iv)
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under (i)(A) to (E) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the 
Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations 
immediately following such exchange. 
"Restructuring Date" means, with respect to a Restructured Bond or Loan, the date on which a 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring. 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Credit Observation Period End Date.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the 
latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation 
Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan") and the 
Credit Observation Period End Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity 
Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified 
in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined 
either: 
(i)
by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time; or 
(ii)
if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published on the website 
of 
the 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Determinations 
Committees 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time 
and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
"Scheduled Termination Date" means (in the case of Credit Linked Certificates) the Scheduled 
Redemption Date or (in the case of Credit Linked Notes) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity. 
"Senior Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation 
or Prior Reference Obligation. 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior Level" 
or "Subordinated Level" as specified in respect of the Reference Entity, or (b) if no such seniority

--- Page 1184 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1184 - 
level is specified in respect of the Reference Entity, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior Level". 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if no 
currency is so specified in the Final Terms, the Specified Currency. 
"Settlement Method" means the settlement method specified as such in the Final Terms and if no 
Settlement Method is specified in the Final Terms, Auction Settlement. 
"Settlement Valuation Date" means the date being three Credit Security Business Days prior to the 
Delivery Date provided that if a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, is given or, as the case may be, changed at any time after the third Credit Security 
Business Day prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the Settlement Valuation Date shall be the date 
which is three Credit Security Business Days after such Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is given. 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Certificate" means Credit Linked Certificates where the 
Swap Counterparty purchases credit protection from the Issuer in respect of only one Reference 
Entity. 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Note" means Credit Linked Notes where the Swap 
Counterparty purchases credit protection from the Issuer in respect of only one Reference Entity. 
"Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Securities" means Single Reference Entity Credit Linked 
Certificates and/or Single Reference Entity Credit Linked Notes as the case may be. 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or 
otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources 
of a particular tier. 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
"Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery Supplement" means the 2014 Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA.  
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which 
a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation set out in paragraph (i) 
of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring. 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other 
similar event. 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as 
such in respect of the Reference Entity (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in respect of the

--- Page 1185 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1185 - 
Reference Entity and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that 
if the euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was 
previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination 
occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
"Specified Number" means the number of Public Sources specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity (or, if no such number is specified, two). 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated 
by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
"Standard Specified Currencies" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro 
and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a 
series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or 
more entities. 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed. 
"Subordinated Transaction" means a Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation. 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and another 
obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the "First 
Obligation"), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganization or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First 
Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation, or 
(II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal payments 
in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation.  "Subordinated" will be 
construed accordingly.  For purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or whether an 
obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being compared, (x) the 
existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other 
credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or the 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as 
of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation 
or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference 
Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each 
case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date.

--- Page 1186 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1186 - 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(i)
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been 
rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of 
the relevant DC Resolution. 
(ii)
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution 
Event" have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (iii)(B) below). If the event set forth in 
paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the 
Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth 
under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution Event "occur with respect to 
such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(iii)
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date 
it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment 
after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(C) 
(1) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) 
of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
(2) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 1187 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1187 - 
(II) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(IV) is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) 
of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or 
(3) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non- 
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior 
to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(II) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a 
Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (i) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(IV) is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (i) 
of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(iv)
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in paragraph (iii), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the 
potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic 
equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Credit Linked Securities, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  The Substitute Reference Obligation determined by 
the Calculation Agent shall, without further action, replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation.   
(v)
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available 
for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (i) and 
notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to 
be the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (ii), the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to 
the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective.

--- Page 1188 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1188 - 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which 
the Calculation Agent identifies the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with the 
definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation". 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation:  
(i)
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(ii)
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iii)
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and 
of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraphs (i) or (ii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred 
on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant 
to such paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case may be, on the Trade Date. 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event. 
"succeed" for the purposes of the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor and the 
definitions of "Successor" and "Sovereign Succession Event", means, with respect to the Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any 
agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, 
convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans 
(the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case 
the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with 
respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable.  For purposes 
of the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor and the definitions of "Successor" and 
"Sovereign Succession Event", "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed 
to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, 
there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in 
respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to the definition 
of "Successor" would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps 
Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any 
entity which would constitute a Successor. 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines a succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, 
a Sovereign Succession Event) has occurred and (ii) the Successor Resolution Request Date, in 
circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit

--- Page 1189 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1189 - 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and (C) 
the Calculation Agent determines, not more than fifteen Credit Security Business Days after the day 
on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, a succession (or, in relation to a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) has occurred. The Successor 
Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
"Successor" means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 6(a)(ii), the entity or entities, if any, 
determined as follows: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity; 
(ii) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more 
than twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor in respect 
of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five 
per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor; 
(iv) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference 
Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each 
be a Successor; 
(v) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity will 
not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; 
(vi) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of 
Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to 
an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor); and 
(vii) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the 
obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and at the 
time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the 
Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the 
Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time

--- Page 1190 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1190 - 
since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the "Universal Successor") 
will be the sole Successor for the relevant Reference Entity. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more 
Successors to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice 
is effective. 
"Surviving Reference Entity" has the meaning given to such term in Credit Linked 
Condition 6(c)(ii) above. 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automated 
Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system) is open. 
"Trade Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means, in respect of any Reference Entity and a related 
Credit Event, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA in respect of such 
Credit Event and in respect of which the Notional Credit Derivative Transaction would be an Auction 
Covered Transaction. 
"Transaction Type" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each "Transaction Type" 
specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time. 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be 
considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(i)
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant 
to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the 
laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an 
obligation);  
(ii)
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions 
on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(iii)
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
"Undeliverable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation included in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which, on the Settlement Date for such 
Deliverable Obligation, the Calculation Agent determines for any reason (including without 
limitation, failure by the Holder of Securities to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice, failure of the 
relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation, court order or market conditions or the non-
receipt of any requisite consents with respect to the Delivery of Loans) it is impossible or illegal to 
Deliver on the Settlement Date, as a result of an event described in Credit Linked Condition 4(b). 
"Underlying Finance Instrument" means where the LPN Issuer provides finance to the Reference 
Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument. 
"Underlying Loan" means where the LPN Issuer provides a loan to the Reference Entity.

--- Page 1191 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1191 - 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of 
the guarantee. 
"Underlying Obligor" means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a 
Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying 
Obligation. 
"Unwind Costs" means the cost to the Swap Counterparty and/or the Repo Counterparty (if any) of 
terminating (in the case of the Swap Counterparty) any Hedge Transaction entered into in connection 
with credit, interest rate or other derivative transactions evidenced by or comprised in the Swap 
Agreement and (in the case of the Repo Counterparty) any transaction entered into to fund its 
obligations under the Repurchase Agreement in whole or part (or, in each case, which would have 
been incurred had the relevant entity entered into any such transaction), as determined by the Swap 
Counterparty in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, subject to a minimum of zero 
provided that, where Unwind Costs are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Unwind Costs will be equal to zero. 
"Unwind Value of the Reference CDS" means an amount, determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that the Calculation Agent would 
have to pay to a counterparty (a positive amount) or receive from a counterparty (a negative amount) 
to terminate a credit default swap having market standard terms for such Reference Entity, and 
having a notional amount equal to the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(i)
any Credit Security Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd Credit Security 
Business Day following the Event Determination Date (or, if the Event Determination Date 
occurs pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) above of the definition of "Event Determination Date", 
the day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs, if later), or, following any 
Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date, such later Credit Security 
Business Day, (in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner); or 
(ii)
if "Cash Settlement" is applicable as a Fallback Settlement Method, any Credit Security 
Business Day falling between the 55th and the 122nd Credit Security Business Day following 
the Event Determination Date, or, following any Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction 
Announcement Date, such later Credit Security Business Day, (in each case, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner); or 
(iii)
if Partial Cash Settlement applies, the date which is up to fifteen Credit Security Business 
Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date or, as applicable the Extended 
Physical Settlement Date (as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner). 
"Valuation Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Credit Linked Conditions, one or more obligations of such Reference Entity (either 
directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) which is capable of being specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable) if Physical Settlement were 
the applicable Settlement Method and/or any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, in each case, as selected by the Swap 
Counterparty in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on or prior to the applicable 
Valuation Date, provided that, for such purpose:

--- Page 1192 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1192 - 
(i)
any reference to "Delivery Date" or "NOPS Effective Date" in the definitions of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation", "Deliverable Obligation", within any of the terms 
comprising "Deliverable Obligation Category" or "Deliverable Obligation Characteristic" 
and "Due and Payable Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the words "Relevant 
Valuation Date"; and 
(ii)
in respect of any Asset in the related Asset Package in respect of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, any reference to "Outstanding Principal Balance", 
"Due and Payable Amount" or "Outstanding Amount" in the definitions of "Final Price", 
"Full Quotation", "Quotation", "Quotation Amount" and "Weighted Average Quotation" 
shall be deemed to be a reference to the words "Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event". 
For the avoidance of doubt, the use of Deliverable Obligation terms in the definition of "Valuation 
Obligation" is for convenience only and is not intended to amend the selected settlement method. 
"Valuation Obligations Portfolio" means one or more Valuation Obligations of a Reference Entity 
selected by the Swap Counterparty in its discretion, each in an Outstanding Amount (or, as the case 
may be, an Outstanding Amount of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event) selected by the Swap Counterparty in its 
sole and absolute discretion (and references to "Quotation Amount" shall be construed accordingly), 
provided that the aggregate of such Outstanding Amounts (or in each case the equivalent in the 
Specified Currency thereof (converted at the foreign exchange rate prevailing on any date from (and 
including) the Event Determination Date to (and including) the Valuation Date, as selected by the 
Swap Counterparty in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner)), shall not exceed the 
relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified in relation to a Reference Entity or, if no such time is 
specified, 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the relevant Valuation Obligation or 
Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be. 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
"Weighted Average Final Price" means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined for 
each selected Valuation Obligation in the Valuation Obligations Portfolio, weighted by the 
outstanding amount of each such Valuation Obligation (or its equivalent in the Settlement Currency 
converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange 
rates in effect at the time of such determination). 
If "Zero Recovery" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Weighted Average Final Price 
shall be zero. 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the bid quotations provided by the 
Credit Security Dealers, the weighted average of firm quotations obtained from the Credit Security 
Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount of the 
Reference Obligation, Deliverable Obligation or Undeliverable Obligation, as the case may be, with 
an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or its equivalent in the 
relevant currency converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by 
reference to exchange rates in effect at the time of such determination), of as large a size as available 
but less than the Quotation Amount (in the case of Deliverable Obligations only, but of a size at least

--- Page 1193 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1193 - 
equal to the Minimum Quotation Amount) that in the aggregate are approximately equal to the 
Quotation Amount. 
11.
Amendments to Note Conditions and Certificate Conditions 
11.1 
Amendments to Note Conditions
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are amended as follows: 
(a)
The last 3 paragraphs of Condition 5(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) shall be amended as 
follows: 
"Interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to: (A) in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the daily average of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(B) in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount (or, as 
applicable, the daily average of the outstanding nominal amount corresponding to the 
Calculation Amount), multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the amount of Interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for 
each Calculation Amount (or, as applicable, for each relevant daily average of the 
outstanding nominal amount corresponding to such Calculation Amount) comprising the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to euro, means one cent." 
(b)
In paragraph (A) of each of Condition 5(b)(iii) (Determination of Rate of Interest and 
Calculation of Interest Amount) and Condition 5(c)(iii) (Determination of Rate of Interest 
and Calculation of Interest Amount), the reference to "the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount" shall be deleted and replaced with "the daily average of the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount". 
(c)
In paragraph (B) of each of Condition 5(b)(iii) (Determination of Rate of Interest and 
Calculation of Interest Amount) and Condition 5(c)(iii) (Determination of Rate of Interest 
and Calculation of Interest Amount), the reference to "the Calculation Amount" shall be 
deleted and replaced with "(or, as applicable, the daily average of the outstanding nominal 
amount corresponding to the Calculation Amount)". 
(d)
In the last paragraph of each of Condition 5(b)(iii) (Determination of Rate of Interest and 
Calculation of Interest Amount) and Condition 5(c)(iii) (Determination of Rate of Interest 
and Calculation of Interest Amount), the reference to "each Calculation Amount" shall be 
deleted and replaced with "(or, as applicable, for each relevant daily average of the 
outstanding nominal amount corresponding to such Calculation Amount)". 
(e)
In Condition 5(k) (Interest Payments), the second sentence thereof shall be deleted and 
replaced with the following:

--- Page 1194 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1194 - 
"If such Note is redeemed early (i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to 
Redemption is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the due date for redemption or (ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is not applicable, no 
interest shall accrue or be payable in respect of which the relevant Interest Payment Date 
has not occurred on or prior to the due date for redemption of such Note (or if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Accrual to Preceding IPED is applicable, interest will cease to 
accrue from and including the Interest Period End Date immediately preceding (A) the date 
on which notice is given for the early redemption of such Note or (B) if there is no such 
notice, the due date for early redemption of such Note).".  
(f)
Condition 7(a) (Redemption at Maturity) shall be amended by adding the following 
immediately before the end thereof: 
"Notwithstanding the above, unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as 
provided below, each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in accordance with the Credit 
Linked Conditions and the applicable Final Terms.". 
11.2 
Amendments to Certificate Conditions
The Terms and Conditions of the Certificates are amended as follows: 
(a)
The definition of "Cash Settlement Amount" in Condition 6(a) (Method of Payment) shall 
be amended by adding immediately after the words "the Final Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms", the following: 
"(or, in relation to Credit Linked Certificates, the amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms)".   
(b)
The penultimate paragraph of Condition 4(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Certificates) shall be 
amended as follows: 
"Interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the average daily outstanding 
notional amount of each Certificate and if a Day Count Fraction is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.". 
(c)
Each of Condition 4(b)(iii) (Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest 
Amount) and Condition 4(c)(iii) (Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of 
Interest Amount) shall be amended by deleting and replacing the reference to "the Notional 
Amount of such Certificate" with the following: 
"the average daily outstanding Notional Amount of such Certificate". 
(d)
In Condition 4(j) (Interest Payments), the third sentence thereof shall be deleted and 
replaced with the following: 
"If such Certificate is redeemed early, (i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual 
to Redemption is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the due date for redemption or 
(ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that Accrual to Redemption is not applicable, no 
interest shall accrue or be payable in respect of which the relevant payment date has not 
occurred on or prior to the due date for redemption of such Certificate (or if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that Accrual to Preceding IPED is applicable, interest will cease to

--- Page 1195 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1195 - 
accrue from and including the Interest Period End Date immediately preceding (A) the date 
on which notice is given for the early redemption of such Certificate or (B) if there is no 
such notice, the due date for early redemption of such Certificate), unless in either case 
payment of principal and/or delivery of all assets deliverable is improperly withheld or 
refused.". 
12. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Provisions 
The following are the "NTCE Provisions", which shall (i) not apply in respect of a Reference Entity if such 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (ii) apply in respect of a Reference Entity if such Reference Entity is not 
a Sovereign, in each case unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms (and reference in any applicable 
Transaction Type to "2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 2019)" 
shall for clarification, be to these provisions).  
(a) 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Credit Linked Condition 11 shall be 
deleted and replaced with the following: 
"The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(i) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 5(h) (Accrued Interest), the Reference Entity's accrued 
but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee will be 
the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid 
interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if 
references to the Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and 
(B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); 
(ii) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the 
terms of the obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may 
otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a 
Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (i) less any amounts 
subtracted in accordance with this paragraph (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); 
and 
(iii) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect 
on either (I) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended 
after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the 
Relevant Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable 
laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the 
original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purposes of paragraph (B) above, "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy 
or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, 
or may become, subject.

--- Page 1196 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1196 - 
Unless "Fallback Discounting" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, then notwithstanding the above, if (i) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under paragraph 
(B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-five 
per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less 
than ninety-five per cent. of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan 
does not include provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would 
be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary 
for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and 
(b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond 
or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal 
repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced 
under a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or 
principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line 
interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue 
price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange 
shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the "Original 
Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange (determined without regard to market 
or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously 
issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the 
same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange 
for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the 
resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of 
the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, 
level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange 
and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) 
determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or, if none, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in such manner and by reference to such source(s) as 
it determines appropriate.". 
(b) 
Failure to Pay 
The definition of "Failure to Pay" in Credit Linked Condition 10 shall be deleted and 
replaced with the following: 
""Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the 
satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the 
failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in 
accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination 
that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available

--- Page 1197 ---
ANNEX 10 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1197 - 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence 
will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined 
by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such 
redenomination.  
Unless "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as not applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, then, notwithstanding the 
foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly 
either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the Reference Entity, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner. In making such determination, the Calculation Agent 
may take into account the guidance note set out in paragraph 3 (Interpretive Guidance) of 
the ISDA 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (published on July 15, 2019).".

--- Page 1198 ---
ANNEX A – DESCRIPTION OF AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS 
- 1198 - 
ANNEX A TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED 
SECURITIES
DESCRIPTION OF AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS 
The following description is applicable to certain Credit Linked Securities to which "Annex 10 Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities" are applicable. 
If an Event Determination Date occurs with respect to the Credit Linked Securities and Auction Settlement 
applies, the Auction Settlement Amount with respect to the Credit Linked Securities will be calculated based 
on the Auction Final Price for the Reference Entity (if any). This Annex contains a summary of certain 
provisions of the Form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms set forth at Annex B to the 2009 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions, published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
("ISDA") on 12 March 2009 (the "Form of Auction Settlement Terms") and is qualified by reference to 
the detailed provisions thereof and is subject to amendment from time to time in accordance with the Rules, 
including any amendment following the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, Auction 
Settlement and Restructuring Supplement dated 14 July 2009, as published by ISDA (the "July 2009 
Supplement").  The July 2009 Supplement extended the auction hardwiring process to Restructuring credit 
events. Following certain Restructuring credit events, more than one auction may be held and there may be 
more than one Auction Final Price and credit default swaps are grouped into buckets by maturity and 
depending on which party triggers the credit default swap. Deliverable obligations will be identified for each 
bucket (any deliverable obligations included in a shorter bucket will also be deliverable for all longer 
buckets). If the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines to hold an auction for a particular 
bucket, then that auction will be held according to the existing auction methodology that has previously been 
used for Bankruptcy and Failure to Pay credit events as described in the summary below, except that the 
deliverable obligations will be limited to those falling within the relevant maturity bucket.   
The following does not purport to be a complete summary and prospective investors must refer to the Form 
of Auction Settlement Terms for detailed information regarding the auction methodology set forth therein 
(the "Auction Methodology").  The Auction and the Auction Methodology apply to credit default swaps on 
the Reference Entity and do not apply specifically to the Credit Linked Securities. A copy of the Form of 
Auction Settlement Terms may be inspected at the offices of the Issuer and is also currently available at 
www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto). 
Holders of Securities should also be aware that this summary of the form of the Auction Settlement Terms is 
accurate only as of the date hereof and the Form of Auction Settlement Terms may be amended from time to 
time without consultation with Holders of Securities.  At any time after the date of this Annex, the latest 
Form of Auction Settlement Terms will be available on the ISDA website at www.isda.org (or any successor 
website thereto).  Further, notwithstanding the fact that the form of Auction Settlement Terms (as may be 
amended from time to time) appears on the ISDA website, Holders of Securities should note that the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees have the power to amend the form of Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms for a particular auction and that this summary may therefore not be accurate in all cases. 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Rules and the Form 
of Auction Settlement Terms.  All times of day in this summary refer to such times in London. 
Publication of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
Pursuant to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules set forth in Annex A to the 2009 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (published on 12 March 2009) (the "Rules"), a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may determine that a Credit Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity (such entity, an

--- Page 1199 ---
ANNEX A – DESCRIPTION OF AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS 
- 1199 - 
"Affected Reference Entity") and that one or more auctions will be held in order to settle affected 
transactions referencing such Affected Reference Entity based upon an Auction Final Price determined in 
accordance with an auction procedure as set forth in the Form of Auction Settlement Terms (each, an 
"Auction").  If an Auction is to be held, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will publish Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, based upon the 
Form of Auction Settlement Terms.  In doing so, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will make 
several related determinations, including the date on which the Auction will be held (the "Auction Date"), 
the institutions that will act as participating bidders in the Auction (the "Participating Bidders") and the 
supplemental terms that are detailed in Schedule 1 to the Form of Auction Settlement Terms.  The Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee may also amend the Form of Auction Settlement Terms for a 
particular auction and may determine that a public comment period is necessary in order to effect such an 
amendment if such amendment is not contemplated by the Rules. 
Auction Methodology 
Determining the Auction Currency Rate 
On the Auction Currency Fixing Date, the Administrators will determine the rate of conversion (each, an 
"Auction Currency Rate") as between the Relevant Currency and the currency of denomination of each 
Deliverable Obligation (each, a "Relevant Pairing") by reference to a Currency Rate Source or, if such 
Currency Rate Source is unavailable, by seeking mid-market rates of conversion from Participating Bidders 
(determined by each such Participating Bidder in a commercially reasonable manner) for each such Relevant 
Pairing.  If rates of conversion are sought from Participating Bidders and more than three such rates are 
obtained by the Administrators, the Auction Currency Rate will be the arithmetic mean of such rates, without 
regard to the rates having the highest and lowest values.  If exactly three rates are obtained, the Auction 
Currency Rate will be the rate remaining after disregarding the rates having the highest and lowest values.  
For this purpose, if more than one rate has the same highest or lowest value, then one of such rates shall be 
disregarded.  If fewer than three rates are obtained, it will be deemed that the Auction Currency Rate cannot 
be determined for such Relevant Pairing. 
Initial Bidding Period 
During the Initial Bidding Period, Participating Bidders will submit to the Administrators: (a) Initial Market 
Bids; (b) Initial Market Offers; (c) Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (d) Customer Physical 
Settlement Requests (to the extent received from customers). 
Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers are firm quotations, expressed as percentages, to enter into 
credit derivative transactions in respect of the Affected Reference Entity on terms equivalent to the 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction. 
The Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer submitted by each Participating Bidder must differ by no 
more than the designated Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread and must be an integral multiple of the 
Relevant Pricing Increment (each as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and 
specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity).  The Initial Market Bid must be less than the Initial Market Offer. 
Dealer Physical Settlement Requests and Customer Physical Settlement Requests are firm commitments, 
submitted by a Participating Bidder, on its own behalf or on behalf of a customer, as applicable, to enter into 
a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, in each case, as seller (in which case, such commitment will 
be a "Physical Settlement Buy Request") or as buyer (in which case, such commitment will be a "Physical 
Settlement Sell Request").  Each Dealer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of such 
Participating Bidder's knowledge and belief, in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market Position.  
Each Customer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of the relevant customer's knowledge and 
belief (aggregated with all Customer Physical Settlement Requests submitted by such customer), in the same 
direction as, and not in excess of, its Market Position.

--- Page 1200 ---
ANNEX A – DESCRIPTION OF AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS 
- 1200 - 
If the Administrators do not receive valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers from at least a 
minimum number of Participating Bidders (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity), the timeline will be adjusted and the Initial Bidding Period extended, with the 
Auction recommencing at such time(s) specified by the Administrators, otherwise it will proceed as follows. 
Determination of Open Interest, Initial Market Midpoint and Adjustment Amounts 
The Administrators will calculate the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and any Adjustment 
Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
The Open Interest is the difference between all Physical Settlement Sell Requests and all Physical Settlement 
Buy Requests. 
To determine the Initial Market Midpoint, the Administrators will: (a) sort the Initial Market Bids in 
descending order and the Initial Market Offers in ascending order, identifying non-tradeable markets for 
which bids are lower than offers; (b) sort non-tradeable markets in terms of tightness of spread between Initial 
Market Bid and Initial Market Offer; and (c) identify that half of the non-tradeable markets with the tightest 
spreads.  The Initial Market Midpoint is determined as the arithmetic mean of the Initial Market Bids and 
Initial Market Offers contained in the half of non-tradeable markets with the tightest spreads. 
Any Participating Bidder whose Initial Market Bid or Initial Market Offer forms part of a tradable market 
will be required to make a payment to ISDA on the third Business Day after the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date (an "Adjustment Amount"), calculated in accordance with the Auction Methodology.  
Any payments of Adjustment Amounts shall be used by ISDA to defray any costs related to any auction that 
ISDA has coordinated, or that ISDA will in the future coordinate, for purposes of settlement of credit 
derivative transactions. 
If for any reason no single Initial Market Midpoint can be determined, the procedure set out above may be 
repeated. 
At or prior to the Initial Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the Initial Bidding Period 
has successfully concluded, the Administrators publish the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and 
the details of any Adjustment Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
If the Open Interest is zero, the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint. 
Submission of Limit Order Submissions 
In the event that the Open Interest does not equal zero, a subsequent bidding period will be commenced 
during the Initial Bidding Period which: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, 
Participating Bidders submit Limit Bids; or (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable 
Obligations, Limit Offers, in each case, on behalf of customers and for their own account. 
Matching bids and offers 
If the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open 
Interest against all Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as further described in the Auction Methodology.  
If the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open Interest 
against all Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids, as further described in the Auction Methodology. 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Filled
The Auction Final Price will be the price associated with the matched Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or 
Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, that is the highest offer or the lowest bid, as applicable, 
provided that: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell and the price associated with the lowest matched bid

--- Page 1201 ---
ANNEX A – DESCRIPTION OF AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS 
- 1201 - 
exceeds the Initial Market Midpoint by more than the "Cap Amount" (being the percentage that is equal to 
one half of the Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread (rounded to the nearest Relevant Pricing 
Increment)), then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint plus the Cap Amount; and (b) 
if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase and the Initial Market Midpoint exceeds the price associated with the 
highest offer by more than the Cap Amount, then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint 
minus the Cap Amount. 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Not Filled
If, once all the Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, 
have been matched to the Open Interest, part of the Open Interest remains, the Auction Final Price will be: 
(a) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the greater of (i) zero, and (ii) the highest 
Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer received; or (b) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable 
Obligations, zero. 
100 per cent. Cap to Auction Final Price 
In all cases, if the Auction Final Price determined pursuant to the Auction Methodology is greater than 100 
per cent., then the Auction Final Price will be deemed to be 100 per cent. 
Publication of Auction Final Price 
At or prior to the Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time on any day on which the subsequent 
bidding period has successfully concluded, the Administrators will publish on their websites: (a) the Auction 
Final Price; (b) the names of the Participating Bidders who submitted bids, offers, valid Dealer Physical 
Settlement Requests and valid Customer Physical Settlement Requests, together with the details of all such 
bids and offers submitted by each; and (c) the details and size of all matched trades.  
Execution of Trades Formed in the Auction 
Each Participating Bidder whose Limit Bid or Initial Market Bid (or Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer if 
applicable) is matched against the Open Interest, and each Participating Bidder that submitted a Customer 
Physical Settlement Request or Dealer Physical Settlement Request, is deemed to have entered into a 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, and each customer that submitted such a Limit Bid, Limit Offer, 
or Physical Settlement Request is deemed to have entered into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction 
with the dealer through whom the customer submitted such bid or offer.  Accordingly, each such Participating 
Bidder or customer that is a seller of Deliverable Obligations pursuant to a trade formed in the auction must 
deliver to the buyer to whom such Participating Bidder or customer has been matched a Notice of Physical 
Settlement indicating the Deliverable Obligations that it will deliver, and such Deliverable Obligations will 
be sold to the buyer in exchange for payment of the Auction Final Price. 
Timing of Auction Settlement Provisions 
If an Auction is held in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, it is expected that the relevant Auction Date 
will occur on the third Business Day immediately prior to the 30th calendar day after which the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee received the request from an eligible market participant 
(endorsed by a member of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee) to resolve whether a 
Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity. 
In respect of an Affected Reference Entity for which an Auction is held, the Auction Settlement Date will 
occur on a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, as determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in 
respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity.  By way of example, in recent ISDA CDS Auction 
Protocols (prior to the publication of the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and 
Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) this has been

--- Page 1202 ---
ANNEX A – DESCRIPTION OF AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS 
- 1202 - 
approximately five Business Days following the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date.  The 
settlement date of the Securities will occur on the third Business Day following the Auction Settlement Date.

--- Page 1203 ---
ANNEX B – CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
- 1203 - 
ANNEX B TO THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED 
SECURITIES
CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
The following description is applicable to certain Credit Linked Securities to which "Annex 10 Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities" are applicable. 
In making certain determinations with respect to the Credit Linked Securities, the Calculation Agent may but 
is not bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. This Annex sets forth a summary of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees Rules, as published by ISDA and made available on the website of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any successor website 
thereto) as of 28 September 2018 (the "Rules") and is subject to the rules as published by ISDA from time 
to time and as amended from time to time. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and prospective 
investors should also read the Rules and reach their own views prior to making any investment decisions. A 
copy of the Rules published by ISDA is available at: https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any 
successor website thereto). 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or the Rules, as applicable.  
Establishment of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
In accordance with the Rules, a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has been formed for each of 
the regions of (a) the Americas, (b) Asia Ex-Japan, (c) Australia-New Zealand, (d) Europe, Middle East and 
Africa and (e) Japan. As of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member 
on each of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. See "Risk Factors – Risks Associated With 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees" for additional information regarding conflicts of interest. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will act in accordance with the Rules and will make 
determinations that are relevant for Credit Derivative Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to 
incorporate, the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as amended from time to time (the "2014 
Definitions") or the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as supplemented by the March 2009 
Supplement or the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as supplemented by the July 2009 Supplement 
(the "Updated 2003 Definitions"). ISDA will serve as the secretary of each Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and will perform administrative duties and make certain determinations as 
provided for under the Rules. 
Decision-making Process of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Each DC Resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will apply to Credit Derivative 
Transactions that incorporate, or are deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 
Definitions (depending on the applicable "Coverage Election" and subsequent determinations of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee) and for which the relevant provisions are not materially inconsistent 
with the provisions with respect to which the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee bases its 
determination. As a result, determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not 
applicable to the Holders of Securities, unless specified otherwise in the terms of the Credit Linked Securities. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees shall have no ability to amend the terms of the Credit 
Linked Securities. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees owe 
no duty to the Holders of Securities. See "Risk Factors - Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees" for further information. The terms of the Credit Linked Securities provide that 
the Holders of Securities will be subject to certain determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations

--- Page 1204 ---
ANNEX B – CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
- 1204 - 
Committees. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to make determinations without 
action or knowledge by the Holders of Securities. 
A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened upon referral of (i) a question to ISDA by 
an identified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least one of the voting members of the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (ii) a question to ISDA 
by an unidentified eligible market participant and the agreement of at least two of the voting members of the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question, or (iii) a question to ISDA 
by an eligible market participant which is an Eligible CCP (being an eligible clearing entity) and such 
question is not designated as a "General Interest Question" and relates to an eligible cleared Reference Entity 
with respect to such Eligible CCP and to certain specified matters such as a Credit Event, Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium and/or Successor. ISDA will convene the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee for the region to which the referred question relates, as determined in accordance with the Rules. 
Any party to a transaction that incorporates, or is deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 
2003 Definitions may refer a question to ISDA for a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
consider. Therefore, a binding determination may be made with respect to the Credit Linked Securities 
without any action by the Holders of Securities. Holders of Securities (in their capacity as holders of the 
Credit Linked Securities) will not be able to refer questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees.  
Once a question is referred to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, a DC Resolution may result 
quickly, as a binding vote usually must occur within two business days of the first meeting held with respect 
to such question unless the timeframe is extended by agreement of at least 80 per cent. of the voting members 
participating in a vote held in accordance with the Rules. In addition, voting members of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees are required to participate in each binding vote, subject only to 
limited abstention rights. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, 
meetings held to deliberate such questions, meeting statements and the results of binding votes will be 
published on the ISDA website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective 
Affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Holders of Securities of such information (other than as expressly 
provided in the Final Terms). Holders of Securities shall therefore be responsible for obtaining such 
information.  See "Risk Factors – Risks Associated with Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees". 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees have the ability to make determinations that may 
materially affect the Holders of Securities. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able 
to make a broad range of determinations in accordance with the Rules that may be relevant to the Credit 
Linked Securities and materially affect the Holders of Securities. For each of the general types of questions 
discussed below, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may determine component questions 
that arise under the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, or the Rules and that are related to the 
initial question referred. Since the terms governing the credit-linked elements of the Credit Linked Securities 
are substantially similar to the 2014 Definitions or, as the case may be, the Updated 2003 Definitions, such 
determinations may affect the Holders of Securities, as further described below. 
Credit Events 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether a Credit Event has 
occurred and, if applicable, the date of such Credit Event. Related questions that are also within the scope of 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are whether a Potential Failure to Pay or a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will 
also determine, where necessary, whether the required Publicly Available Information has been provided. 
Each of these determinations, other than whether the required Publicly Available Information has been 
provided, requires the agreement of at least 80 per cent. of the voting members participating in a binding vote 
held in accordance with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review process, 
as described further below. The determination of whether the required Publicly Available Information has 
been provided requires the agreement of at least a majority of the voting members participating in a binding

--- Page 1205 ---
ANNEX B – CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
- 1205 - 
vote held in accordance with the Rules and is not eligible for external review. Each of these determinations 
may affect whether an Event Determination Date will occur under the Credit Linked Securities. If the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that a Credit Event has occurred with respect to one of the 
Reference Entity(ies) on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date, then an Event Determination Date is 
deemed to have occurred in respect of the Credit Linked Securities.  
Successors 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether there are any Successor 
or Successors to a Reference Entity and the relevant Succession Date. In addition, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees will also determine the identity of the Successor(s) in accordance with the Rules. 
For a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will 
determine the Relevant Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity (including any adjustments required to be made 
if there is a Steps Plan), the proportion of the Relevant Obligation(s) to which each purported Successor 
succeeds and the Succession Date. For a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees will determine the Relevant Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity (including any 
adjustments to be made if there is a Steps Plan), whether a Sovereign Succession Event has occurred, if so 
the proportion of the Relevant Obligation(s) to which each purported Successor succeeds, and the Succession 
Date. Each of these determinations requires the agreement of at least 80 per cent. of the voting members 
participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question 
to the external review process, as described further below, except for the actual identification of the 
Successor(s) for a Reference Entity (which only requires a majority and is not eligible for external review). 
The Calculation Agent may use the relevant DC Resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees in order to determine Successor(s) to the Reference Entity(ies). 
Other Questions 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine whether circumstances have 
occurred that require a Substitute Reference Obligation to be identified and, if so, the appropriate Substitute 
Reference Obligation. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to 
determine whether an entity that acts as seller of protection under one or more transactions (such entity, the 
"Relevant Seller") or a Reference Entity has consolidated or amalgamated with, or merged into, or 
transferred all or substantially all its assets to, the Reference Entity or the Relevant Seller, as applicable, or 
that the Relevant Seller and the Affected Reference Entity have become Affiliates. Each of these 
determinations requires the agreement of at least 80 per cent. of the voting members participating in a binding 
vote held in accordance with the Rules in order to avoid the referral of the question to the external review 
process, as described further below. The Calculation Agent may follow such DC Resolutions in making the 
equivalent determinations with respect to the Credit Linked Securities. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be able to determine other referred questions that 
are relevant to the credit derivatives market as a whole and are not merely a matter of bilateral dispute. Such 
questions require the agreement of at least 80 per cent. of the voting members participating in a binding vote 
held in accordance with the Rules for each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee implicated by the 
relevant question, as determined in accordance with the Rules, in order to avoid the possible referral of the 
question to the external review process, as described further below. Furthermore, the question relating to 
such DC Resolution may also be referred to the external review process if at least a majority of the voting 
members participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules agree. Any guidance given by the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees with respect to questions of interpretation of the 2014 
Definitions or, as the case may be, the Updated 2003 Definitions are likely to influence the Calculation Agent 
in interpreting equivalent provisions under the Credit Linked Securities. 
Any such question can be submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees by an unidentified 
eligible market participant for deliberation. The relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee(s) 
will deliberate such question upon the agreement of at least two of the voting members of the relevant Credit

--- Page 1206 ---
ANNEX B – CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
- 1206 - 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate the question. Once the deliberations on such question 
have commenced, the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will proceed in accordance with 
the procedures described above with respect to the relevant question category, except that the identity of the 
eligible market participant who submitted the question will not be revealed to the members of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees or the general public. 
External Review 
As described immediately above, certain questions deliberated by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are subject to an external review process if the required threshold is not met during the binding 
vote held with respect to such question. For such questions, if at least 80% of the voting members 
participating in a binding vote held in accordance with the Rules fail to agree, the question will be 
automatically referred to the external review process. Questions that are not eligible for external review often 
require only a simple majority of participating voting members to agree in order to reach a DC Resolution. 
Questions referred to external review will be considered by a panel of three independent individuals who will 
be selected by either the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or by ISDA at random. The 
default duration of the external review process (which can be modified by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee in accordance with the Rules) is twelve business days from the referral of the 
question and contemplates the receipt of both written submissions and oral argument. Any member of ISDA 
may provide written submissions to the external reviewers, which will be made available to the public on the 
ISDA website, and the conclusion reached in accordance with the external review process will be binding on 
the Holders of Securities. In instances where the vote of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee was less than or equal to 60 per cent., the decision of a majority of the external reviewers will be 
determinative. However, in instances where the vote of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee was between 60 per cent. and 80 per cent., all three external reviewers must agree in order to 
overturn the vote of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.  
Holders of Securities should be aware that the external reviewers may not consider new information that was 
not available to the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee at or prior to the time of the 
binding vote and questions may be returned to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for another 
vote if new information becomes available. In addition, if the external reviewers fail to arrive at a decision 
for any reason, the entire process will be repeated. As a result, the external review process may be elongated 
in certain situations, leaving questions that may materially affect the Holders of Securities unresolved for a 
period of time. 
The Composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is composed of fifteen voting members and three non-
voting consultative members. Ten of the voting members are dealer institutions, with eight serving across all 
regions and two potentially varying by region. The other five voting members are non-dealer institutions that 
serve across all regions. The three non-voting consultative members consist of one dealer institution and one 
non-dealer institution that serve across all regions and one dealer institution that could potentially vary by 
region. For the first composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees only, an additional 
non-voting dealer institution has been selected to serve across all regions. 
Holders of Securities will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees. Separate criteria applies with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to 
serve on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and the Holders of Securities will have no role 
in establishing such criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees will change from time to time in accordance with the Rules, as the term of an institution may 
expire or an institution may be required to be replaced. The Holders of Securities will have no control over 
the process for selecting institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and,

--- Page 1207 ---
ANNEX B – CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
- 1207 - 
to the extent provided for in the Credit Linked Securities, will be subject to the determinations made by such 
selected institutions in accordance with the Rules. 
Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
As of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees. In such capacity, it may take certain actions that may influence the 
process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, including (without 
limitation): (a) agreeing to deliberate a question referred to ISDA, (b) voting on the resolution of any question 
being deliberated by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and (c) advocating a certain position 
during the external review process. In addition, as a party to transactions which incorporate, or are deemed 
to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, the Calculation Agent may refer a 
question to ISDA for a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to deliberate. In deciding whether to 
take any such action, the Calculation Agent (or its Affiliate) shall be under no obligation to consider the 
interests of any Holder. See "Potential conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent" below for additional 
information. 
Potential Conflicts of interest of the Calculation Agent 
Since, as of the date hereof, the Calculation Agent (or one of its Affiliates) is a voting member on each of the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and is a party to transactions which incorporate, or are 
deemed to incorporate, the 2014 Definitions or the Updated 2003 Definitions, it may take certain actions 
which may influence the process and outcome of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees. See "Ability of the Calculation Agent or its Affiliates to influence the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees" above for additional information. Such action may be adverse to the interests 
of the Holders of Securities and may result in an economic benefit accruing to the Calculation Agent. In 
taking any action relating to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or performing any duty under 
the Rules, the Calculation Agent shall have no obligation to consider the interests of the Holders of Securities 
and may ignore any conflict of interest arising due to its responsibilities under the Credit Linked Securities. 
Holders of Securities will have no recourse against either the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or liability 
arising in connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules, except in the 
case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees do not owe any duty to the Holders of Securities and the Holders of Securities 
will be prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions taken by such institutions under the Rules.  
Holders of Securities should also be aware that institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific determination 
is based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated to follow previous 
determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination for a similar set of facts.  
Holders of Securities shall be responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees, meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will 
be published on the ISDA website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective 
Affiliates shall be obliged to inform the Holders of Securities of such information (other than as expressly 
provided in the applicable Final Terms). Failure by the Holders of Securities to be aware of information 
relating to deliberations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will have no effect under the 
applicable Final Terms and Holders of Securities are solely responsible for obtaining any such information.

--- Page 1208 ---
ANNEX B – CREDIT DERIVATIVES DETERMINATIONS COMMITTEES 
- 1208 - 
Amendments to the Rules 
The Rules may be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the Holders of Securities and 
the powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may be expanded or modified as a result.

--- Page 1209 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1209 - 
ANNEX 11 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
The terms and conditions applicable to ETI Linked Securities shall comprise, in the case of Notes, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), in the case of Warrants, the Terms and Conditions 
of the Warrants (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Warrants" above and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 9 or 11) and, in the case of Certificates, the Terms and 
Conditions of the Certificates (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates" above 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), as applicable (the "Conditions") and the 
additional Terms and Conditions for payouts (as set out in Annex 1 under the heading "Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Payouts" above) (the "Payout Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set 
out below (the "ETI Linked Conditions") and any other additional Terms and Conditions that may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Additional Terms and Conditions"), in each case subject to 
completion in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the 
ETI Linked Conditions and/or the Additional Terms and Conditions, the ETI Linked Conditions and/or the 
Additional ETI Linked Conditions (as applicable) shall prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) 
the Conditions and/or the ETI Linked Conditions and/or the Additional Terms and Conditions and (ii) the 
Final Terms, the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1.
Definitions 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any 
entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes "control" 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
"Averaging Date" means: 
(a) 
each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day unless, 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any such day 
is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date 
will be deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the 
relevant Settlement Price provided that, if through the operation of this provision 
no Averaging Date would occur, then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation 
Date" will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price, value or 
amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation 
Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the 
provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price, value or amount on that Averaging Date as if 
such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day irrespective 
of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred Averaging Date would 
fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
then:

--- Page 1210 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1210 - 
(1)
where the Securities are ETI Linked Securities relating to a single ETI Interest, 
the Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below). 
If the first succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, 
then (A) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to 
be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether such Scheduled Trading Day 
is already an Averaging Date), and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
(2)
where the Securities are ETI Linked Securities relating to an ETI Basket, the 
Averaging Date for each ETI Interest not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the 
"Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each ETI Interest 
affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date in relation to such ETI Interest. If the first succeeding Valid Date 
in relation to such ETI Interest has not occurred for a number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another 
Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, 
then (A) that such Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is 
already an Averaging Date) in respect of such ETI Interest, and (B) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price, value or amount 
for that Averaging Date in accordance with sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below; and 
(3)
for the purposes of these ETI Linked Conditions, "Valid Date" means a 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date does not occur; and 
(b) 
in the case of Open End Notes or Open End Certificates (other than Put/Call Open End 
Notes or Put/Call Open End Certificates), the date designated as such by the Issuer, provided 
that such date is determined by the Issuer and notified to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 18 of the Notes or to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 19 of 
the Certificates, as the case may be, at the latest on the tenth (10th) Business Day preceding 
the contemplated Averaging Date. 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary ETI Event occurs in respect of one or more 
ETI Interests or the related ETI comprising the ETI Basket which has or, in the event that an 
Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred in respect of more than one ETI, together have, a Weighting 
in the ETI Basket equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level.  
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or if not so 
specified, 50 per cent. 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
each day which is an Exchange Business Day. 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling 
trades in the relevant ETI Interest. 
"Clearance System Days" means in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such 
Clearance System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System

--- Page 1211 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1211 - 
being unable to clear the transfer of a relevant security, would have been) open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
"Closing Price" means in respect of an ETI and a Scheduled Trading Day the official closing price 
(or, if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Value per ETI Interest) 
in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
subject as provided in ETI Linked Condition 4. 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred. 
"Dividend Event" means that with reference to the later of (i) the two financial years prior to the 
Trade Date, and (ii) the two financial years prior to the relevant observation date, the ETI has 
implemented a material change to its practice with respect to the payment of dividends. 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or 
any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is 
announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour 
prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) 
or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation 
Time on such Exchange Business Day. 
"ETI" means  (a) any exchange traded fund, (b) the issuer of (i) an exchanged trade note, (ii) an 
exchange traded commodity or (iii) any other exchange traded product or (c) any other exchange 
traded entity specified as an ETI in the applicable Final Terms.   
"ETI Basket" means, where the ETI Linked Securities are linked to the performance of ETI Interests 
of more than one ETI, a basket comprising such ETI Interests. 
"ETI Documents" means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to 
any ETI Interest, the offering document of the relevant ETI in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, 
among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such ETI Interests and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the ETI, as may be further described in 
any ETI Document. 
"ETI Interest(s)" means (a) in respect of an exchange traded fund, an ownership interest issued to 
or held by an investor in such ETI, (b) in respect of an exchange traded note or an exchange traded 
commodity, a unit or note, as the case may be, issued by such ETI, or (c) in respect of any other 
exchange traded product, any other interest specified as an ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms. 
"ETI Interest Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(b) if none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle. 
"ETI Related Party" means in respect of any ETI, any person who is appointed to provide services 
(howsoever described in any ETI Documents), directly or indirectly, in respect of such ETI, whether 
or not specified in the ETI Documents, including any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, 
registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner and any other person 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of an exchange traded note or 
exchange traded commodity, the calculation agent. 
"Exchange" means, in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such for the relevant ETI in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETI Interest has

--- Page 1212 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1212 - 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as 
on the original Exchange). 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single ETI Interest, Exchange Business 
Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (b) in the case of an ETI Basket, (i) Exchange Business Day (All 
ETI Interests Basis) or (ii) Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final 
Terms, Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply. 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for 
trading in respect of all ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular 
trading session(s) notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, 
in respect of such ETI Interest are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), 
notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their 
Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, 
are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such 
relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time. 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the ETI Interest on the Exchange or (ii) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the ETI 
Interest on any relevant Related Exchange. 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the 
date on which such Extraordinary ETI Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Hedging Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alia, the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who 
hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities and/or the Swap Counterparty's obligations 
in respect of the Swap Agreement or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a 
Hypothetical Investor, who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations.  
The Hedge Provider will hold or be deemed to hold such number of ETI Interests, or enter or be 
deemed to enter into any agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the 
performance of, such number of ETI Interests as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the 
Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the 
relevant Securities. 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of ETI Interests that the Issuer or Swap Counterparty (and/or 
any of its Affiliates) deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and

--- Page 1213 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1213 - 
performing the Issuer's obligations with respect to the Securities and/or the Swap Counterparty's 
obligations with respect to the Swap Agreement. 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical investor in ETI Interests which is deemed to have 
the benefits and obligations, as provided in the relevant ETI Documents, of an investor holding the 
relevant number of ETI Interests at the relevant time (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the 
context of the relevant situation).  The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation 
Agent to be resident or organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if applicable), the Swap Counterparty, the Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the relevant situation). 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not 
so specified, the Hedging Date. 
"Intraday Price" means in respect of an ETI and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
published or quoted price (or, if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the value per ETI Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such 
time on such day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Linked 
Condition 3 and ETI Linked Condition 4. 
"Investment/AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, EUR100,000,000 or the equivalent in any other currency.  
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Swap Counterparty and/or any Affiliate is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETI Interest in 
an amount equal to the Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Interests and Entity, any (a) reclassification or 
change of such ETI Interests that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all 
of such ETI Interests outstanding to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI with or into another entity or person (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange in which such 
ETI is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such 
ETI Interests outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or 
other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
ETI Interests of an ETI that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such 
ETI Interests (other than such ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or 
(d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the ETI is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all such ETI Interests outstanding but results in the 
outstanding ETI Interests (other than ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding 
ETI Interests immediately following such event, in each case if the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event 
Effective Date is on or before (i) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the last occurring Valuation 
Date or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Maturity Date (in the case of Notes), the 
Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) or the Expiry Date (in the case of Warrants), as 
applicable. For the purposes of this definition only, "Interests" shall mean the applicable ETI 
Interests or the shares of any applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may require, and "Entity" 
shall mean the applicable ETI or any applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may require.  
"Number of Value Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, being the maximum number of days after the due date for publication or

--- Page 1214 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1214 - 
reporting of the Value per ETI Interest after which the ETI Related Party or any entity fulfilling such 
role, howsoever described in the ETI Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of the ETI, may 
remedy any failure to publish or report the Value per ETI Interest before the Calculation Agent may 
determine that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred. 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day. If any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, then the provisions relating to "Omission", "Postponement" or 
"Modified Postponement", as the case may be, contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall 
apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation 
Date". 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Protected Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Related Exchange" means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange 
or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or 
options contracts relating to such ETI Interest has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options 
contracts relating to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as 
on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related 
Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation 
system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures or options contracts relating to such ETI Interest. 
"Scheduled Strike Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a 
Disrupted Day, would have been the Strike Date. 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single ETI and in relation to an ETI 
Interest, Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (b) in the case of an ETI Basket, (i) 
Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interests Basis) or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest 
Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification 
is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply. 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any day 
on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange(s) are scheduled to be open for trading in 
respect of all ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular trading 
session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any day 
on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETI Interest 
are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s). 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means any day on which the relevant 
Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s). 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, the period of Clearance System Days 
following a trade in the ETI Interest on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange.

--- Page 1215 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1215 - 
"Settlement Price" means, subject to the provisions of these ETI Linked Conditions and as referred 
to in "Strike Date", "Averaging Date", "Observation Date" and "Valuation Date", as the case may 
be: 
(a) 
in the case of ETI Linked Securities relating to an ETI Basket and in respect of each ETI 
Interest comprising the ETI Basket, an amount equal to (x) if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official closing price, the official closing price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for 
such ETI Interest on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging 
Date (or if in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the 
price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying 
price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the 
closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on 
the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) for such ETI Interest whose official closing price (or the price at 
the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined based, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, on the 
arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two 
or more financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) 
engaged in the trading of such ETI Interest or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent 
shall decide), or (y) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be 
the Value per ETI Interest, the Value per ETI Interest for such ETI Interest on (a) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, in each case 
multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such value to be converted, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate, all as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of ETI Linked Securities relating to a single ETI Interest, an amount equal to (x) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official closing 
price, the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or 
an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted 
on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, an Averaging Date (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such 
official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be 
so determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a 
Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic 
mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation 
Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market 
selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the 
case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the ETI Interest based, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations

--- Page 1216 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1216 - 
provided to it by two or more financial institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI Interest (or on such other factors as 
the Calculation Agent shall decide), or (y) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
Settlement Price is to be the Value per ETI Interest, the Value per ETI Interest on (a) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, in each case, such 
amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement 
Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the Settlement Price, all as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent. 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the 
case may be. 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight Scheduled Trading Days or such other 
number of Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Strike Date" means, the Strike Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, or, if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day.  If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a)
where the Securities are ETI Linked Securities relating to a single ETI Interest, the Strike 
Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless 
each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a 
Disrupted Day.  In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and 
(B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level or price in accordance with its 
good faith estimate of the relevant value, level, price or amount as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or: 
(b)
where the Securities are ETI Linked Securities relating to an ETI Basket, the Strike Date 
for each ETI Interest, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the 
Scheduled Strike Date and the Strike Date for each ETI Interest, affected, as the case may 
be (each an "Affected Item"), by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item 
unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a 
Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item.  In that case, (i) the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for the Affected Item, 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant value, level, price or amount using, in relation to the Affected 
Item its good faith estimate of the value, level, price or amount for the Affected Item as of 
the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day. 
"Strike Day" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, if Averaging 
Date Consequences are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the provisions 
contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if references in such 
provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Strike Day"; 
"Strike Period" means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other 
event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining

--- Page 1217 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1217 - 
or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 
100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the ETI or an ETI Related Party, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant.  
"Termination Amount" means, in respect of Notes and Certificates, an amount per Note or 
Certificate determined as: 
(i) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of: 
(1) 
the Protected Amount; and 
(2) 
the Swap Early Termination Amount;  
(ii) 
if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is not specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Condition 7(e) of the Notes or Condition 8(e) of the Certificates, as 
applicable. 
"Termination Date" means (i) in the case of Warrants the date determined by the Calculation Agent 
as provided herein and specified in the notice to be given to Warrantholders in accordance with ETI 
Linked Condition 6.2(c), (ii) in the case of Notes (a) if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of 
an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date or (b) if Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is 
specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Termination Date specified as 
such in the notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with ETI Linked Condition 6.2(c) or (iii) 
in the case of Certificates (a) if Delayed Redemption on the Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI 
Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Date or (b) if 
Delayed Redemption on Occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event is specified as being not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Termination Date specified as such in the notice to be 
given to Certificateholders in accordance with ETI Linked Condition 6.2(c).   
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Trading Disruption" means in relation to an ETI Interest, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of 
movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange 
or otherwise (i) relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI on the Exchange; or 
(ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI on 
any relevant Related Exchange.  
"Valuation Date" means, in the case of Notes and Certificates, the Interest Valuation Date and/or 
Redemption Valuation Date, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms or, in the 
case of Warrants, the date (or, as the case may be, the last date) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Disrupted Day. 
If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(a) 
in the case of ETI Linked Securities relating to a single ETI Interest, the Valuation Date 
shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each 
of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption immediately following the scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day. 
In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the

--- Page 1218 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1218 - 
Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, level or price in accordance with its 
good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on that the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(b) 
in the case of ETI Linked Securities relating to an ETI Basket, the Valuation Date for each 
ETI Interest not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the scheduled 
Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each ETI Interest affected (each an "Affected 
Item") by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading 
Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the 
Affected Item. In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant value, 
level or price using its good faith estimate of the value for the Affected Item as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day and otherwise in 
accordance with the above provisions. 
"Valuation Time" means in the case of an ETI and in relation to an ETI Interest either (i) the close 
of trading on the Exchange or (ii) as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Value per ETI Interest" means, with respect to the relevant ETI Interest(s) and the Scheduled 
Trading Day relating to such ETI Interests, (i) if the relevant ETI Documents refer to an official net 
asset value per ETI Interest (howsoever described), such official net asset value per ETI Interest, 
otherwise (ii) the official closing price or value per ETI Interest, as of the relevant calculation date, 
as reported on such Scheduled Trading Day by the ETI or an ETI Related Party, the relevant 
Exchange or publishing service (which may include the website of an ETI), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Barrier" means the percentage specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, 5 per cent.; 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential" means the percentage by which the Value 
per ETI Interest differs from the actual trading price of the ETI Interest as of the time the Value per 
ETI Interest is calculated; 
"Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event" means, in respect of any ETI Interest(s), that (i) the Value 
per ETI Interest has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the Value Trigger 
Percentage(s) at any time during the related Value Trigger Period, or (ii) the ETI has violated any 
leverage restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, such ETI or its assets by operation of (w) any 
law, (x) any order or judgement of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any 
of its assets, (y) the ETI Documents or (z) any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting 
the ETI or any of its assets; 
"Value Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not 
so specified, 50 per cent.; and 
"Value Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final 
Calculation Date. 
2. 
Market Disruption  
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to Securities relating to a single ETI Interest or an 
ETI Basket, in respect of an ETI Interest the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii)

--- Page 1219 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1219 - 
an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any 
time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders of Securities in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, as applicable, of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day, would have been an Averaging Date or a Valuation Date or on any 
Knock-in Determination Day or Knock-out Determination Day, as the case may be. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events  
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
a repurchase or exercise of any call option by any ETI of relevant ETI Interests whether out 
of profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; or 
(c) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETI Interests. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, 
the date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant ETI or ETI Related 
Party, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
Following the declaration by the relevant ETI or ETI Related Party, as the case may be, of the terms 
of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, if so, will (i) make the 
corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement 
(where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) and/or the Exercise Price (in the case of 
Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these ETI Linked Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected 
dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest) and (ii) determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine the appropriate 
adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by an 
options exchange to options on the ETI Interest traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
reasonably practicable to the Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, 
Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable, stating the adjustment 
to any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities) 
and/or the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other 
terms of these ETI Linked Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of 
the Potential Adjustment Event and the Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date.  
Notwithstanding any other provision of this ETI Linked Condition 3, in making any such adjustment 
the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent applicable to the relevant Securities, take into account any 
corresponding or similar adjustment or calculation made in respect of the relevant Swap Agreement 
in relation to such Potential Adjustment Event.

--- Page 1220 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1220 - 
4. 
Extraordinary ETI Events 
Subject to the provisions of ETI Linked Condition 5, "Extraordinary ETI Event" means the 
occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the Trade Date of any of the following events as 
determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
4.1 
the ETI or any ETI Related Party (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of an ETI Related 
Party, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime 
brokerage, or any other relevant business (as applicable); (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution 
passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (iii) makes a general assignment 
or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) (1) institutes or has instituted 
against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or 
other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against 
it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in sub-clause (iv) (1) above and 
either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not immediately 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment 
of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other 
similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not 
immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to any 
event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect 
analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
4.2 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer;  
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
4.3 
there exists any litigation against the ETI or an ETI Related Party which the Calculation 
Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, could 
materially affect the value of the ETI Interests or on the rights or remedies of any investor 
therein; or 
4.4 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETI, or any ETI 
Related Party, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any 
investigative, judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings is commenced 
or is threatened against the ETI, any ETI Related Party or any key personnel of such entities 
if such allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
materially affect the value of the ETI Interests or the rights or remedies of any investor in 
such ETI Interests;

--- Page 1221 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1221 - 
Change in ETI Related Parties/Key Persons Events:  
4.5 
(i) an ETI Related Party ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETI (including by 
way of Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by 
a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; and/or (ii) any event occurs which causes, 
or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, the failure 
of the ETI and/or any ETI Related Party to meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking 
under the ETI Documents which failure is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on 
the value of the ETI Interests or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein;  
Modification Events: 
4.6 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment 
restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the ETI (howsoever described, 
including the underlying type of assets in which the ETI invests), from those set out in the 
ETI Documents, or any announcement regarding a potential modification or deviation, 
except where such modification or deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature;  
4.7 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any 
announcement regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or 
disappearance (howsoever described), of the type of assets (i) in which the ETI invests, (ii) 
the ETI purports to track, or (iii) the ETI accepts/provides for purposes of 
creation/redemption baskets;  
4.8 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material 
modification, of the ETI (including but not limited to a material modification of the ETI 
Documents or to the ETI’s liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which does 
not affect the ETI Interests or any portfolio of assets to which the ETI Interest relates (either 
alone or in common with other ETI Interests issued by the ETI);  
4.9 
the currency denomination of the ETI Interest is amended from that set out in the ETI 
Documents so that the Value  per ETI Interest is no longer calculated in the same currency 
as it was as at the Trade Date; or 
4.10 
if applicable, the ETI ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the 
legislation of its relevant jurisdiction;  
Net Asset Value/Investment/AUM Level Events: 
4.11 
a material modification of the method of calculating the Value per ETI Interest;  
4.12 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the Value per ETI 
Interest;  
4.13 
any of the ETI, any ETI Related Parties or any other party acting on behalf of the ETI fails 
for any reason to calculate and publish the Value per ETI Interest within the Number of 
Value Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination of the valuation 
of the ETI Interests unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and 
outside the immediate and direct control of the entity responsible for such publication;  
4.14 
the assets under management of, or total investment in, the ETI falls below the 
Investment/AUM Level;  
4.15 
a Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event occurs;

--- Page 1222 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1222 - 
4.16 
failure by the ETI or any ETI Related Party to publish (i) the Value per ETI Interest at the 
end of each Scheduled Trading Day as a result of any action or inaction by the ETI or any 
ETI Related Party, or (ii) where the relevant ETI Documents provide for the publication of 
an indicative Value per ETI Interest, such indicative Value per ETI Interest is published no 
less frequently than once every five (5) minutes during regular trading hours on the 
Exchange on each Scheduled Trading Day; or 
4.17 
(i) the Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential breaches the Value per ETI Interest 
Trading Price Barrier, and (ii) such breach has an adverse impact on any hedging activities 
in relation to the Securities;  
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events: 
4.18 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or 
regulations relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any 
hedging arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the Securities (a 
"Tax Event") and, subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one 
calendar month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, used 
reasonable efforts to mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to 
transfer such hedging arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge 
Provider shall not under any circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result 
in it sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation 
shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes apparent at any time that there is no 
practicable means of mitigating the Tax Event; or  
4.19 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETI or the ETI Related Parties are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with 
any present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in 
any applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension or 
revocation of the registration or approval of the ETI by any governmental, legal or 
regulatory entity with authority over the ETI), (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is 
revoked, lapses or is under review by a competent authority in respect of the ETI or the ETI 
Related Parties or new conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect 
to any such authorisation or licence, (iii) the ETI is required by a competent authority to 
redeem any ETI Interests, (iv) the Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority or 
any other relevant entity to dispose of or compulsorily redeem any ETI Interests held in 
connection with any hedging arrangements relating to the Securities and/or (v) any change 
in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of the ETI or any ETI Related Party that 
is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the ETI Interests or other 
activities or undertakings of the ETI or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein, 
including any Hedge Provider;  
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events: 
4.20 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the Securities, as a result of any 
adoption of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever 
described, after the Trade Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any 
change in the interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, howsoever described, after such date or as a result of any other relevant event (each 
a "Relevant Event") (i) it would become unlawful or impractical for the Hedge Provider to 
hold (including, without limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify 
any reserve, special deposit, or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the

--- Page 1223 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1223 - 
amount or cost of regulatory capital that would have to be maintained in respect of any 
holding of ETI Interests or that would subject a holder of the ETI Interests or the Hedge 
Provider) to any loss) purchase or sell the relevant ETI Interests or any underlying assets of 
or related to the ETI or for the Hedge Provider to maintain its hedging arrangements and 
(ii) subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar week 
following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging arrangements 
to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any 
circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in it or any of its Affiliates 
sustaining a loss or expense of any kind and the period of one calendar week set out above 
shall be deemed satisfied on any date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no 
practicable means of mitigating the Relevant Event;  
4.21 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, if the cost to the Hedge 
Provider in relation to the Securities and the related hedging arrangements (including, but 
not limited to, new or increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees (or the combined effect 
thereof if occurring more than once)) would be materially increased or the Hedge Provider 
would be subject to a material loss relating to the Securities and the related hedging 
arrangements;  
4.22 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the Securities, the Hedge Provider is 
unable or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-
establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any futures 
or option contracts on the relevant Exchange it deems necessary to hedge the equity, 
commodity or other underlying ETI Interest asset price risk or any other relevant price risk, 
including but not limited to the Issuer’s obligations under the Securities or (ii) to realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction, asset, or futures or option contract or 
any relevant hedge positions relating to an ETI Interest of the ETI;  
4.23 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer or Swap Counterparty (and/or any of its 
Affiliates) would incur an increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade 
Date) amount of tax, duty, capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to maintain the Securities;  
4.24 
if at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, (i) the Hedge Provider 
unintentionally acquires directly or indirectly any ownership interest in an ETI that exceeds 
10 per cent. of the total assets under management or (ii) as a consequence of changes in the 
performance, size, investment strategy or liquidity of an ETI, the Hedge Provider holds an 
ownership interest in such ETI that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total assets under 
management; 
Miscellaneous Events: 
4.25 
in the case of Securities linked to an ETI Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs;  
4.26 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any ETI 
Related Party or any parent company (howsoever described) of the ETI, by Moody’s 
Investors Service Limited, or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody's"), 
and/or S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, or any successor to the ratings business thereof 
("S&P"), is downgraded below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any ETI Related Party by Moody's 
or S&P is downgraded below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's);  
4.27 
the occurrence of a Loss of Stock Borrow;

--- Page 1224 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1224 - 
4.28 
the occurrence of an Additional Extraordinary ETI Event; 
4.29 
if the ETI Documents provide for the payment of dividends, the occurrence of a Dividend   
Event; or 
4.30 
the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the relevant 
ETI Interests cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange 
for any reason and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the 
Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the 
American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective 
successors) or otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a 
Member State of the European Union).  
All of the events listed in this ETI Linked Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events) will constitute an 
Extraordinary ETI Event, unless SC/FM ETI Events is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case, the events described in ETI Linked Conditions 4.17, 4.18, 4.19(iv), 4.19(v), 
4.20, 4.21, 4.22, 4.23, 4.24 and 4.27 will not constitute an Extraordinary ETI Event. 
5. 
Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events  
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.   
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary 
ETI Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of 
any event or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs 
more than once.  
6. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETI Event 
6.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent shall give notice (an "Extraordinary ETI Event Notice") to the Holders of Security in 
accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, as applicable, (which notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of such 
Extraordinary ETI Event (the date on which an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice is given, an 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Notification Date") as soon as reasonably practicable following the 
determination of an Extraordinary ETI Event. The Extraordinary ETI Event Notice shall set out, if 
determined at that time, the action that it has determined to take in respect of an Extraordinary ETI 
Event pursuant to ETI Linked Condition 6.2. Where the action that the Calculation Agent has 
determined to take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the 
action that the Calculation Agent has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given 
to Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants 
or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable, as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
Extraordinary ETI Event Notification Date. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or 
opportunity cost suffered or incurred by any Holder of Securities or any other person in connection 
with the Securities as a result of any delay in notifying Holders of Securities of the occurrence on 
Extraordinary ETI Event, howsoever arising. If the Calculation Agent gives an Extraordinary ETI 
Event Notice, the Issuer shall have no obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the 
Securities until the Calculation Agent has determined the action that the Issuer is to take pursuant to 
ETI Linked Condition 6.2 below.

--- Page 1225 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1225 - 
6.2 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the Calculation Agent shall (i) to the extent 
that the an equivalent adjustment or substitution or determination to take no action, as the case may 
be, has been made in respect of the relevant Swap Agreement, take the action described in (a) or (b) 
below or (ii) in the event that the circumstances giving rise to such Extraordinary ETI Event result 
in an Additional Termination Event occurring in respect of the relevant Swap Agreement, take the 
action set out in (c) below:  
 (a) 
Adjustment 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary 
ETI Event is to be "Adjustment", then it may: 
(i)
determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of any 
Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities) and/or Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these ETI Linked 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary ETI Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, adjustments to 
account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or 
liquidity relevant to the ETI Interests or to the Securities and a change in the 
Weighting of any remaining ETI Interest(s) not affected by an Extraordinary 
ETI Event. The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the 
appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the 
relevant Extraordinary ETI Event made by any options exchange to options 
on the ETI Interests traded on that options exchange; or 
(ii)
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETI 
Interests traded on such exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as is selected in 
respect of the Swap Agreement, if any (the "Options Exchange"), make a 
corresponding adjustment to any one or more of any Relevant Asset and/or 
the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities) and/or Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these ETI Linked Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment will be effective as of 
the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of the 
corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange.  If options on the 
ETI Interests are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent 
will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Relevant Asset 
and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are Physical 
Delivery Securities) and/or Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these ETI Linked Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate, with 
reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to 
account for the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event, that in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent would have given rise to an adjustment by the 
Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(b) 
Substitution 
If the Calculation Agent, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines 
that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be "Substitution",

--- Page 1226 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1226 - 
the Calculation Agent shall on or after the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date, 
substitute each ETI Interest (each, an "Affected ETI Interest") of each ETI (each, an 
"Affected ETI") which is affected by such Extraordinary ETI Event with an ETI Interest 
selected by it in accordance with the criteria for ETI Interest selection set out below (each, 
a "Substitute ETI Interest") and the Substitute ETI Interest will be deemed to be an "ETI 
Interest" and the relevant issuer of such Substitute ETI Interest, an "ETI" for the purposes 
of the Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one 
or more of any Relevant Asset and/or the Entitlement (in each case where the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities) and/or Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or the 
Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these ETI Linked Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount 
payable under the Securities was to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the 
Affected ETI Interest, the Initial Price of each Substitute ETI Interest will be determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Initial Price = A x (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Substitute ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange 
on the Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest; and 
"C" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange 
on the Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the ETI Basket will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred 
to below which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETI Interest will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant 
Affected ETI Interest. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETI Interest, the relevant share/unit/interest must 
satisfy the following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(i)
where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer (a) in the case of ETI Linked Securities related to a single ETI, and (b) 
in the case of ETI Linked Securities related to an ETI Basket, the relevant 
share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary share/unit/interest of the entity or 
person that in the case of a Merger Event is the continuing entity in respect 
of the Merger Event or in the case of a Tender Offer is the entity making the 
Tender Offer provided that (i) the relevant share/unit/interest is not already 
included in the ETI Basket and (ii) it is or as of the relevant Extraordinary 
ETI Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be, (x) publicly quoted, 
traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same 
country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within 
the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) and (y) 
not subject to any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other 
trading limitations; or

--- Page 1227 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1227 - 
(ii)
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a 
Tender Offer and a share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set 
out in paragraph (i) above, but such share/unit/interest is (in the case of ETI 
Linked Securities related to an ETI Basket), already included in the ETI 
Basket, or (b) where the Extraordinary ETI Event is not a Merger Event or a 
Tender Offer, an alternative exchange traded instrument which, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, has similar characteristics to the 
relevant ETI, including but not limited to, a comparable listing (which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, shall not be restricted to a listing on the exchange or 
quotation system in the same geographic region, investment objectives, 
investment restrictions and investment processes, underlying asset pools and 
whose related parties (such as, but not limited to, trustee, general partner, 
sponsor, advisor, manager, operating company, custodian, prime broker and 
depository) are acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(c) 
Termination 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary 
ETI Event is to be "Termination", on giving notice to Holders of Securities in accordance 
with Condition 18 of the Notes, Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the 
Certificates, as applicable, (which such notice may be included in the Extraordinary ETI 
Event Notice in respect of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event and will specify the 
applicable Termination Date), all but not some only of the outstanding Securities shall be 
redeemed (in the case of Notes and Certificates) or cancelled (in the case of Warrants) by 
payment to the Holders of Securities of the Termination Amount on, or as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter, the Termination Date.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall 
be notified to the Holders of Securities in accordance with Condition 18 of the Notes, 
Condition 17 of the Warrants or Condition 19 of the Certificates, as applicable. 
(d) 
General 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this ETI Linked Condition 6, in making its 
determinations under ETI Linked Condition 6.2(a) to (c) above, the Calculation Agent shall, 
to the extent applicable to the relevant Securities, take into account any corresponding or 
similar determination or selection or any other adjustment or calculation made in respect of 
the relevant Swap Agreement in relation to such Extraordinary ETI Event. 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the 
Calculation Agent is under no duty to consider the interests of any Holders of Securities or 
any other person. In making any determination as to which action to take following the 
occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall 
be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of loss of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Holders of Securities or any 
other person in connection with the Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising 
including as a result of any delay in making any payment or delivery in respect of the 
Securities. 
7. 
Correction of ETI Interest Price  
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business 
Days prior to the due date for any payment or delivery under the Securities, if the price of the relevant 
ETI Interest published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any 
determination under the Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the 
relevant price source within the number of days equal to the ETI Interest Correction Period of the 
original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETI Interest as so corrected.

--- Page 1228 ---
ANNEX 11 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI LINKED SECURITIES 
- 1228 - 
Corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for 
payment or delivery under the Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the 
purposes of determining the relevant amount. 
8. 
Calculations and Determinations 
To the extent permitted by any applicable law, the Calculation Agent will make the calculations and 
determinations as described in the ETI Linked Conditions in such a manner as the Calculation Agent 
determines to be appropriate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having 
regard in each case to the criteria stipulated in the ETI Linked Conditions, the hedging arrangements 
in respect of the Securities and the nature of the relevant ETI and related ETI Interests.

--- Page 1229 ---
ANNEX 12 – ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1229 - 
ANNEX 12 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK SECURITIES 
The terms and conditions applicable to Notional Value Repack Securities shall comprise, in the case of Notes, 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12) and, in the case of Certificates, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (as set out under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates" above and, for the avoidance of doubt, not including Annexes 1 to 12), as applicable (the 
"Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions for payouts (as set out in Annex 1 under the heading 
"Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts" above) (the "Payout Conditions") and the additional Terms 
and Conditions set out below (the "Collateral Linked Conditions") and any other additional Terms and 
Conditions that may be specified in the Final Terms (the "Additional Terms and Conditions") in each case 
subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions 
and the Collateral Linked Conditions, the Collateral Linked Conditions shall prevail.  In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the Conditions and/or the Collateral Linked Conditions and (ii) the Final Terms, 
the Final Terms shall prevail. 
1. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
1.1  
Definitions 
"Additional Security Document" means any security document which is entered into by the Issuer 
in respect of the Securities in addition to the Trust Deed; 
"Adjusted Asset Redemption Event" means any of the Reference Securities is, for any reason, redeemed 
or otherwise terminated prior to its scheduled redemption or termination date (as at the later of its issue 
date or the Trade Date) other than: 
(a) 
where RCA Maturity Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where any of 
the Reference Securities are redeemed in whole or in part on or after the RCA Call Date (each 
date of such redemption, a "RCA Maturity Call Option Date") for an amount at least equal to 
the principal amount of the Reference Securities which is being redeemed plus accrued interest 
thereon (each, a "RCA Maturity Call Option Event"); or 
(b) 
where RCA Maturity Call is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, where the 
Reference Securities are redeemed on the RCA Call Date as a result of the RCA Issuer validly 
exercising its RCA Call; 
"Aggregate Delivery Share" means (a) the Collateral Assets Value in respect of the Securities less 
(b) the Delivery Reduction Amount applicable to the Securities as determined by the Calculation 
Agent and confirmed in writing to the Trustee; 
"Aggregate Early Redemption Delivery Share" means, in respect of the Securities, (a) the 
Collateral Assets Value in respect of the Securities less (b) the Early Redemption Delivery Reduction 
Amount applicable to such Securities; 
"Alternative Early Redemption Amount" means a pro rata share of an amount, subject to a minimum 
of zero, equal to (a) the Collateral Sale Proceeds less (b) the RCA Interest Deduction Amount;

--- Page 1230 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1230 - 
"Annex Early Redemption Event" means where: 
(a) 
an Annex to the Conditions is applicable in addition to this Annex 12, and/or in accordance 
with Condition 7(o) (in the case of Notes) or Condition 8(o) (in the case of Certificates), the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that an event has occurred in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines 
it is not possible to make an adjustment in respect of such event and that the Securities 
should be redeemed early as contemplated in either (i) such Annex or (ii) Condition 7(o) (in 
the case of Notes) or Condition 8(o) (in the case of Certificates), as the case may be; 
(b) 
where Annex ERE is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer elects 
to redeem the Securities in accordance with Condition 7(u) or 7(v) (in the case of Notes) or 
Condition 7(a) or 7(b) (in the case of Certificates); and/or 
(c) 
Collateral Linked Condition 3.9 is applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
Securities are to be redeemed following a RCA Merger Event; 
"Asset Default Event" means a RCA Issuer or any RCA Guarantor fails to perform or observe any 
of its obligations under the relevant Reference Securities and the failure continues after the 
expiration of any applicable grace period or the occurrence of any event (including, but not limited 
to, default, event of default, or other similar condition or event (howsoever described)) that results 
in Reference Securities becoming capable of being declared due and payable for any reason 
(including by reason of default in payment) before they would otherwise have been due and payable;  
"Asset Payment Default Event" means there is a payment default (howsoever described) in respect 
of any of the relevant Reference Securities relating to the Securities;  
"Asset Payment Shortfall Event" means one or more of the following occurs: 
(a) 
there is a payment default (howsoever described) in respect of any of the Reference 
Securities; 
(b) 
the aggregate amount received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities on any 
Scheduled RCA Interest Payment Date (net of any Tax Liability) is less than the aggregate 
RCA Interest Amount scheduled to be received by the Issuer on such Scheduled RCA 
Interest Payment Date; 
(c) 
the aggregate amount received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities on a 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date (net of any Tax Liability) or any other date on which 
repayment of principal is scheduled to be made (a "Further RCA Principal Payment 
Date") is less than the aggregate Scheduled Final Bond Payments or other amount of 
principal scheduled to be received by the Issuer on such Scheduled Final Bond Payment 
Date or Further RCA Principal Payment Date, as the case may be; 
(d) 
any deferral, postponement, capitalisation or reduction (in part or in full) of one or more 
interest payments under the relevant Reference Securities and/or reduction of the applicable 
RCA Interest Rate set out in the terms of the relevant Reference Securities as of the Trade 
Date (after taking account of any adjustments for non-business days) (an "Unscheduled 
Interest Deferral Event"), regardless of whether or not such Unscheduled Interest Deferral 
Event is permitted by the terms of such Reference Securities and whether or not such 
Unscheduled Interest Deferral Event leads to an event of default under the terms of the 
Reference Securities and no regard shall be had as to whether any such interest payment is

--- Page 1231 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1231 - 
(a) deferred or postponed for potential later payment or (b) is reduced (in part or in full) 
with no possibility for later payment; or 
(e) 
any deferral, postponement or reduction (in part or in full) of the scheduled repayment of 
principal under the relevant Reference Securities as set out in the terms of the relevant 
Reference Securities as of the Trade Date (after taking account of any adjustments for non-
business days) (an "Unscheduled Principal Deferral Event"), regardless of whether or not 
such Unscheduled Principal Deferral Event is permitted by the terms of such Reference 
Securities or whether or not such Unscheduled Principal Deferral Event leads to an event of 
default under the terms of the Reference Securities and no regard shall be had as to whether 
any such payment is (a) deferred or postponed for potential later payment or (b) is reduced 
(in part or in full) with no possibility for later payment; 
For the purposes only of determining whether any of the events in paragraphs (b) and (c) 
above has occurred, any Reference Securities which have been transferred to the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty under the Collateral Exchange Agreement (if any) and/or to the 
Swap Counterparty under a Credit Support Document in connection with the Securities shall 
be deemed to be held still by the Issuer for the purposes of determining any scheduled 
amounts or payments due in respect thereof and any reference to the "aggregate amount 
received by the Issuer" shall be deemed to include the amounts received by the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty in respect of any Reference Securities which have been transferred 
by the Issuer in connection with the Securities to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty 
under the Collateral Exchange Agreement and/or the amounts received by Swap 
Counterparty in respect of any Reference Securities which have been transferred by the 
Issuer in connection with the Securities under a Credit Support Document; 
"Asset Redemption Event" means any of the Reference Securities is, for any reason, redeemed or 
otherwise terminated prior to its scheduled redemption or termination date as at the later of its issue 
date or the Trade Date; 
"Available Reference Securities" means (a) where the Issuer has not entered into a Collateral 
Exchange Agreement or a Credit Support Document, the Reference Securities or (b) where the Issuer 
has entered into a Collateral Exchange Agreement and/or a Credit Support Document, a nominal 
amount of Reference Securities equal to the sum of (i) the nominal amount of any Reference 
Securities which have not been transferred to a relevant Related Agreement Counterparty (as at the 
time the relevant Related Agreement is terminated) and (ii) the nominal amount of Equivalent 
Securities in respect of the Reference Securities (if any) which the Issuer receives from a relevant 
Related Agreement Counterparty upon or in connection with the termination of an applicable Related 
Agreement in accordance with the terms of such Related Agreement; 
"Calculated Disposal Reference Nominal Amount" means, in connection with a purchase of 
Securities by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7(i) (in the case of Notes) or Condition 8(i) 
(in the case of Warrants), the nominal amount of the proportion of the Reference Securities equal to 
the proportion that the aggregate Nominal Value of Purchased Securities represents of the aggregate 
Nominal Value of the Securities; 
"CDS Credit Event" means, where Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Securities) applies to the Securities, an Event Determination Date (as defined in Annex 10) occurs 
as determined in accordance with Annex 10 in respect of a relevant Reference Entity (as defined in 
Annex 10);

--- Page 1232 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1232 - 
"Collateral Assets" means, in respect of any series of Securities, the applicable Reference 
Securities, and any securities delivered to the Custodian as Replacement Collateral Assets or Credit 
Support Assets, together with, in each case, any accrued interest, redemption proceeds, income or 
other assets derived from such securities to the extent held in the relevant Custody Account but shall 
not include any Collateral Assets, Equivalent Securities to Credit Support Assets which have been 
withdrawn from a Custody Account in accordance with the relevant Related Agreement(s), the 
relevant Credit Support Document(s), the Agency Agreement and/or any accrued interest, 
redemption proceeds, income or other assets derived from such securities to the extent such amounts 
are used by the Issuer to pay regular scheduled payments due under a Related Agreement; 
"Collateral Assets Value" means, in respect of a series of Securities, an amount equal to the 
aggregate nominal amount of Reference Securities held by the Issuer in the relevant Custody 
Account in respect of such series of Securities; 
"Collateral Disposal Agent" has the meaning given to it in Collateral Linked Condition 3.2; 
"Collateral Exchange Agreement" means an agreement between the Issuer and the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty under which the Issuer may be required to transfer the relevant Reference 
Securities to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty and in return receive Replacement Collateral 
Assets from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty as described in Collateral Linked Condition 2.2; 
"Collateral Exchange Agreement Termination Payment" means the termination payment due 
between the Issuer and the Collateral Exchange Counterparty upon early termination of the 
Collateral Exchange Agreement calculated in accordance with the terms of the relevant Collateral 
Exchange Agreement; 
"Collateral Exchange Counterparty" means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Collateralisation Level" means, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or 
if no such percentage is specified, 100 per cent.; 
"Collateralised Percentage" means, subject to a minimum of zero, the Collateralisation Level less 
the Excess Collateral Percentage; 
"Collateral Physical Settlement" means, following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event, 
the relevant Reference Securities are to be delivered to the Holders of Securities in accordance with 
Collateral Linked Condition 3.4 and shall only apply to a series of Securities where "Collateral 
Physical Settlement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Collateral Sale Proceeds" means the product of (i) net proceeds of the sale of the relevant 
Collateral Assets relating to the relevant series of Securities (including, where applicable, in 
accordance with the terms of Collateral Linked Condition 3.3, the net proceeds of sale of any Credit 
Support Assets and/or Replacement Collateral Assets relating to such series of Securities) and/or, 
where the relevant Collateral Assets have redeemed prior to any sale or where otherwise applicable 
(including where no sale of Collateral Assets is to take place pursuant to Collateral Linked Condition 
3.2), the redemption proceeds received from any such Collateral Assets which are not required to be 
paid by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty or other applicable Related Agreement Counterparty, 
in each case in accordance with the relevant Related Agreement and (ii) the Collateralised 
Percentage;

--- Page 1233 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1233 - 
"Collateral Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Collateral Valuation Date" means the Initial Collateral Valuation Date and each subsequent date 
within the Collateral Valuation Period in which the Issuer or the Collateral Disposal Agent attempts 
to obtain firm bid quotations from dealers (including BNP Paribas) following the occurrence of an 
Early Redemption Event; 
"Collateral Valuation Period" means a period of two months following the delivery of an Early 
Redemption Notice by, or on behalf of, the Issuer; 
"Credit Notional Value Repack Securities" means Securities to which this Annex 12 applies and 
to which Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities) is also specified 
to apply in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Credit Partial Redemption" has the meaning given to it in Collateral Linked Condition 3.5; 
"Credit Partial Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in Collateral Linked Condition 
3.5; 
"Credit Settlement Amount" means (a) where Auction Settlement is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Auction Settlement Amount (as defined in Annex 10) or (b) where Cash 
Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or is the Fallback Settlement 
Method (as defined in Annex 10) specified in the Final Terms and a Fallback Settlement Event (as 
defined in Annex 10) occurs, the Credit Cash Settlement Amount (as defined in Annex 10); 
"Credit Support Assets" means the assets which are transferred to the Issuer as collateral under a 
Credit Support Document or as margin securities under a Repurchase Agreement or as collateral 
under a Collateral Exchange Agreement; 
"Credit Support Document" means a 1995 ISDA credit support annex (Bilateral Form – 
Transfer)(ISDA Agreements Subject to English Law) or such other document which is specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Credit Support Sale Proceeds" means the net proceeds of the sale of the relevant Credit Support 
Assets relating to the relevant series of Securities, and/or, where applicable the redemption proceeds 
received from any such Credit Support Assets; and, where such term is used in or in connection with 
Collateral Linked Condition 3.4 and a Collateral Exchange Agreement has been entered into in 
connection with the series of Securities, shall also include the net proceeds of the sale of the relevant 
Replacement Collateral Assets relating to the relevant series of Securities, and/or, where applicable 
the redemption proceeds received from any such Replacement Collateral Assets; 
"Delivery Share" means, in respect of a series of Securities, the pro rata share of a Security within 
such series in the Aggregate Delivery Share applicable to such series of Securities as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and confirmed in writing to the Trustee; 
"Delivery Reduction Amount" means the aggregate nominal amount of Reference Securities which 
are sold to make payments due in priority to the Holders of Securities in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments; 
"Early Redemption Additional Proceeds Amount" means the sum of any Swap Agreement 
Termination Payment, Repurchase Agreement Termination Payment and Collateral Exchange

--- Page 1234 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1234 - 
Agreement Termination Payment (where applicable) payable to the Issuer which is received by the 
Issuer; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, save as provided in Collateral Linked Condition 3.7(b), 3.7(c) 
or 3.7(d) (where applicable), a pro rata share of an amount, subject to a minimum of zero equal to 
the Collateral Sale Proceeds plus (a)(i) any Swap Agreement Termination Payment received by the 
Issuer from the Swap Counterparty, (ii), where applicable, any Repurchase Agreement Termination 
Payment received by the Issuer from the Repo Counterparty and (iii) where applicable, any 
Collateral Exchange Agreement Termination Payment received by the Issuer from the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty less (b) any Early Redemption Costs or where Alternative Early Redemption 
Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, such amount will be determined in 
accordance with the definition of Alternative Early Redemption Amount; 
"Early Redemption Costs" means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount equal to the 
aggregate of (i) any amounts payable in respect of any Trustee's fees, costs and expenses, (ii) the 
fees, costs and expenses (if any) incurred by the Issuer and/or the Custodian in the sale of the 
Reference Securities, (if any) (iii) any Swap Agreement Termination Payment due from the Issuer 
to the Swap Counterparty, (iv) any Repurchase Agreement Termination Payment (where applicable) 
due from the Issuer to the Repo Counterparty, (v) any Collateral Exchange Termination Payment 
(where applicable) due from the Issuer to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty and (vi) where the 
Securities are Credit Notional Value Repack Securities and the relevant Early Redemption Event is 
a CDS Credit Event, a pro rata share per Security of any Credit Settlement Amount payable by the 
Issuer under the applicable Credit Default Swap Agreement (or Swap Agreement, as the case may 
be) entered into by the Issuer with the Swap Counterparty; 
"Early Redemption Date" means, in respect of a series of Securities: 
(a) 
the date falling 10 Business Days following the sale of the relevant Collateral Assets by the 
Issuer in accordance with the Collateral Linked Conditions or, if the relevant Collateral 
Assets are redeemed prior to the sale of such Collateral Assets or an Adjusted Asset 
Redemption Event, Asset Redemption Event, RCA Makewhole Event or RCA Call Event 
is the subject of the relevant Early Redemption Notice and Collateral Sale is not specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant Early Redemption 
Event, the date falling 10 Business Days following the receipt of the relevant redemption 
proceeds; 
(b) 
if the Issuer has been unable to sell the Collateral Assets in accordance with the Collateral 
Security Conditions or has received a firm bid quotation of zero in accordance with the 
Collateral Security Conditions, the Business Day following the end of the Collateral 
Valuation Period; or 
(c) 
where the Securities are Credit Notional Value Repack Securities and the relevant Early 
Redemption Event is the occurrence of a CDS Credit Event, the date falling 10 Business 
Days following the later of (i) the sale of the relevant Collateral Assets by the Issuer in 
accordance with the Collateral Linked Conditions and (ii) the date on which the amount 
payable under the Credit Default Swap Agreement (or Swap Agreement, as the case may 
be) entered into by the Issuer with the Swap Counterparty is determined; 
"Early Redemption Delivery Reduction Amount" means the aggregate nominal amount of 
Reference Securities which are sold by the Issuer to finance payment of any Early Redemption Costs;

--- Page 1235 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1235 - 
"Early Redemption Delivery Share" means, in respect of a series of Securities, the pro rata share 
of a Security within such series in the Aggregate Early Redemption Delivery Share applicable to 
such series of Securities; 
"Early Redemption Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events as 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the relevant Securities: 
(a)
Adjusted Asset Redemption Event; 
(b)
Annex Early Redemption Event; 
(c)
Asset Payment Default Event; 
(d)
Asset Default Event; 
(e)
Asset Redemption Event; 
(f)
Asset Payment Shortfall Event; 
(g)
CDS Credit Event; 
(h)
MTM Trigger Redemption Event; 
(i)
RCA Change in Law Event; 
(j)
RCA Call Event; 
(k)
RCA Interest Deferral or Reduction Event; 
(l)
RCA Makewhole Event; 
(m)
 RCA Payment Default Event; 
(n)
RCA Principal Deferral or Reduction Event; 
(o)
RCA Regulatory Event; 
(p)
RCA Repudiation/Moratorium Event; 
(q)
RCA Restructuring Event; 
(r)
RCA Tax Event; 
(s)
RCA Issuer Bankruptcy Event; 
(t)
RCA Issuer/Parent Bankruptcy Event; 
(u)
RCA Issuer Bond Failure to Pay Event; 
(v)
RCA Issuer Bond Restructuring Event; 
(w)
RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event; 
(x)
RCA Issuer/Parent Restructuring Event; 
(y)
RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental Intervention Event;

--- Page 1236 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1236 - 
(z)
RCA Issuer/Parent Obligation Acceleration Event;  
(aa)
RCA Issuer/Parent Repudiation/Moratorium Event; 
(bb)
Related Agreement Termination Event; 
(cc)
RCA Non-Call Event; 
(dd)
Standard Early Redemption Event;  
(ee)
Obligor Early Redemption Event; and 
(ff)
Other Early Redemption Event, 
provided that, in respect of a series of Securities, different Early Redemption Events may be 
expressed to apply to each of the RCA Issuer, RCA Guarantor, RCA Parent, as specified  in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Notice" means a notice delivered by the Issuer to the Holders of Securities in 
accordance with Condition 18 (in the case of Notes) or Condition 19 (in the case of Certificates) (in 
the stating that an Early Redemption Event has occurred on or after the Event Trigger Date applicable 
to a series of Securities;  
"Early Residual Proceeds Amount" has the meaning given to it in Collateral Linked Condition 
3.4; 
"Equivalent Securities" means securities which are equivalent to Reference Securities where 
securities are "equivalent" to the relevant Reference Securities for the purposes of these Collateral 
Linked Conditions if they are (a) issued by the same issuer, (b) part of the same issue and (c) of an 
identical type, nominal amount, description and amount as those other securities; 
"Event Trigger Date" means the Trade Date or such other date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms where such date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Excess Collateral Amount" has the meaning given to it in Collateral Linked Condition 3.10; 
"Excess Collateral Balance" means, on any day, and subject to a minimum of zero, the sum of each 
Excess Collateral Amount which is calculated in respect of a Denomination Matching Failure Event, 
subject to any adjustment in accordance with Collateral Linked Condition 3.11; 
"Excess Collateral Balance Value" means an amount equal to the product of (i) the Collateral Sale 
Proceeds (calculated on the basis that the Collateralised Percentage is equal to 100 per cent) (in the 
case of an Early Redemption Event) or the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds (calculated on the basis 
that the Collateralised Percentage is equal to 100 per cent) (in the case of an Enforcement Event) 
and (ii) the Excess Collateral Percentage; 
"Excess Collateral Percentage" means, on any day, the proportion of the aggregate RCA Nominal 
Amount of the Reference Securities represented by the Excess Collateral Balance (expressed as a 
percentage); 
"Final RCA Maturity Call Option Date" means the RCA Maturity Call Option Date in respect of 
which the Reference Securities are redeemed in full;

--- Page 1237 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1237 - 
"Final Security Value" means, in respect of a Security, (a) the relevant Security's nominal value or 
(b) if Partial Nominal Value Collateralisation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
relating thereto, the product of (i) the nominal value of such Security and (ii) the Collateralisation 
Level applicable to the relevant series of Securities; 
"Governmental Authority" means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); (ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body; (iii) any authority or any other entity 
(private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or 
supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the relevant RCA Issuer, the 
relevant RCA Reference Entity or some or of all of its obligations; or (iv) any other authority which 
is analogous to any of the entities specified in (i) to (iii). 
"Haircut" means a percentage by which the market value of a Reference Security is discounted to 
mitigate possible depreciation in the value of the relevant Reference Security in the period between 
the last valuation of such Reference Security under the Repurchase Agreement and the realisation 
of such Reference Security. 
"Initial Collateral Valuation Date" means a Business Day in the Initial Collateral Valuation Period, 
as selected by the Issuer; 
"Initial Collateral Valuation Period" means a period of one month following the delivery of an 
Early Redemption Notice by, or on behalf of, the Issuer; 
"Initial Posting Date" means (a) the Issue Date or such other date or dates specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (the "Scheduled Initial Posting Date") or (b) if Settlement Grace Period is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the date or dates falling not later than the number of 
Business Days equal to the Reference Securities Grace Period following such Scheduled Initial 
Posting Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"Margin Securities" means securities which have been delivered as collateral by the Repo 
Counterparty to the Issuer under the Repurchase Agreement; 
"Matching Quotation" has the meaning given to it in Collateral Linked Condition 3.3; 
"Minimum Number of Quotations" means the number of quotations specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"MTM Trigger Redemption Event" means the occurrence of a Swap MTM Event, a Reference 
Securities MTM Event or a Securities MTM Event, in each case provided that such event is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms;  
"MTM Trigger Valuation Method" means: 
(a) 
where Calculation Agent Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the price determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(b) 
where Dealer Poll Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
highest firm bid price obtained by the Calculation Agent having requested firm bid prices 
from at least three dealers (one of which may be BNP Paribas) on any Business Day,

--- Page 1238 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1238 - 
provided that where no firm bid prices can be obtained, the bid price determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Nominal Amount" means, in respect of any Note, a nominal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount of such Security; 
"nominal value" or "Nominal Value" means, in respect of any Note, the Nominal Amount of such 
Security and, in respect of any Certificates, the Notional Amount of such Security; 
"Obligation Currency" means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated; 
"Obligor Early Redemption Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
RCA Issuer/Parent Bankruptcy Event; 
(b) 
RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event; 
(c) 
RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental Intervention Event; 
(d) 
RCA Issuer/Parent Obligation Acceleration Event;  
(e) 
RCA Issuer/Parent Repudiation/Moratorium Event; and  
(f) 
RCA Issuer/Parent Restructuring Event; 
"Other Currency" has the meaning given to it in Collateral Linked Condition 2.5; 
"Other Early Redemption Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
(a) 
CDS Credit Event;  
(b) 
MTM Trigger Redemption Event;  
(c) 
RCA Call Event; and 
(d) 
RCA Makewhole Event; 
"Over Collateralisation Level" is the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Par Redemption Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Partial Redemption" has the meaning given to it in Collateral Linked Condition 3.6; 
"Physical Delivery Securities" means Physical Delivery Notes where the Securities are Notes or 
Physical Delivery Certificates where the Securities are Certificates, as the case may be; 
"Pool Aggregate Final Security Value" means, in respect of a series of Securities, the aggregate of 
the Final Security Values of each Security within such series; 
"Rating" means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three rating agencies: Moody's Investor 
Service, Inc.,  S&P Global Ratings  Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings or any of them, it being understood 
that if the ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken 
into consideration; 
"RCA Call" means any right of a RCA Issuer to redeem the relevant Reference Securities early on the 
RCA Call Date in accordance with the terms thereof;

--- Page 1239 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1239 - 
"RCA Call Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (as such date is adjusted for 
non-business days in accordance with the terms of the Reference Securities); 
"RCA Call Event" means a RCA Issuer elects to exercise any option it has under the terms of the 
relevant Reference Securities to redeem such Reference Securities in accordance with their terms 
(including, without limitation, where a RCA Residual Maturity Call Option Event occurs) other than 
where  
(a) 
RCA Makewhole Event is an applicable Early Redemption Event and a RCA Makewhole 
Event occurs; or 
(b) 
RCA Maturity Call and Par Redemption are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and a RCA Maturity Call Option Event occurs in the relevant Par Redemption Period, 
provided that such event shall be deemed to occur as of the later of (i) the relevant event being 
notified to the holders of the relevant Reference Securities by, or on behalf, of the relevant RCA 
Issuer and (ii) the earlier of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent becoming aware of the occurrence 
of such event; 
"RCA Change in Law Event" means on or after the Event Trigger Date, (a) due to the adoption of 
or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or 
regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or 
any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing or financial 
authority), or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer or the Calculation 
Agent determines in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that it has become illegal 
for (i) the Issuer to perform its obligations in respect of any Securities or the Swap Counterparty to 
perform its obligations in respect of any Swap Agreement, (ii) for the Issuer to hold, acquire or 
dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to any Securities or for the Swap Counterparty to hold, 
acquire or dispose of relevant hedge positions relating to any Swap Agreement save where such an 
event in (A) or (B) would constitute an Additional Disruption Event or an Optional Additional 
Disruption Event (in the case of Index Linked Securities, Share Linked Securities, Commodity 
Linked Securities, Currency Linked Securities, Underlying Interest Rate Linked Securities or ETI 
Linked Securities) or an Extraordinary Fund Event (in the case of Fund Linked Securities) or an 
Extraordinary ETI Event (in the case of ETI Linked Securities) or the Securities are Inflation Linked 
Securities or an Additional Credit Linked Security Disruption Event (in the case of Credit Linked 
Securities), or (iii) for the Issuer to hold, acquire or dispose of any Reference Securities; 
"RCA Early Call Event" means where RCA Makewhole Event is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and a RCA Makewhole Event occurs, the occurrence of such RCA 
Makewhole Event or, where RCA Call Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and a RCA Call Event occurs, the occurrence of such RCA Call Event; 
"RCA Guarantor" means each guarantor of the relevant RCA Issuer's obligations in respect of any 
Reference Securities;  
"RCA Interest Amount" means the interest amount calculated in respect of an amount of Reference 
Securities, equal to the RCA Nominal Amount in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Reference Securities (as at the Trade Date) and calculated by reference to the RCA Interest Rate 
applicable to the Reference Securities;

--- Page 1240 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1240 - 
"RCA Interest Deduction Amount" means the sum of (a) any RCA Interest Amounts that would be 
payable in respect of a nominal amount of the Reference Securities equal to the RCA Nominal Amount 
on the date the relevant Early Redemption Event has occurred (the "Reference RCA Nominal Amount"), 
from, and including, the Early Redemption Date to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the 
Notes or the scheduled Redemption Date of the Certificates, as the case may be, (and, for this purpose, 
where the RCA Interest Rate is not a fixed rate, the interest rate applicable to the Reference Securities for 
the period during which the relevant Early Redemption Event has occurred, shall be used to calculate the 
RCA Interest Amounts for the purposes of this sub-paragraph (a)) as if no Early Redemption Event had 
occurred and the Issuer held the Reference RCA Nominal Amount of the Reference Securities until, and 
including, the Maturity Date of the Notes or the Redemption Date of the Certificates, as the case may be, 
and (b) any RCA Interest Amounts payable on any Scheduled RCA Interest Payment Date in respect of 
the Reference RCA Nominal Amount of Reference Securities prior to the Early Redemption Date which 
were not paid prior to the Early Redemption Date; 
"RCA Interest Deferral or Reduction Event" means any deferral, postponement, capitalisation or 
reduction (in part or in full) of one or more interest payments under the relevant Reference Securities 
and/or reduction of the applicable RCA Interest Rate set out in the terms of the relevant Reference 
Securities as of the Trade Date (after taking account of any applicable grace period under the terms 
of the relevant Reference Securities and adjustments for non-business days) (an "Interest Deferral 
Event"), regardless of whether or not such Interest Deferral Event is permitted by the terms of such 
Reference Securities and whether or not such Interest Deferral Event leads to an event of default 
under the terms of the Reference Securities and no regard shall be had as to whether any such interest 
payment is (a) deferred or postponed for potential later payment or (b) is reduced (in part or in full) 
with no possibility for later payment; 
"RCA Interest Rate" means the interest rate applicable to the relevant Reference Securities  in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Specified Reference Collateral Assets (as at the 
Trade Date); 
"RCA Issuer" means the issuer or primary obligor in respect of any of the relevant Reference 
Securities or the Successor thereto; 
"RCA Issuer Bonds" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant RCA Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) which is a Bond and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if 
any, specified in respect thereof, in each case, immediately prior to the Early Redemption 
Event which is the subject of the Early Redemption Notice; and 
(b) 
the relevant Reference Obligations, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation; 
"RCA Issuer Bond Failure to Pay Event" means, after the expiration of any applicable grace period 
(after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such grace period), the 
failure by a RCA Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more RCA Issuer Bonds in 
accordance with the terms of such RCA Issuer Bonds at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a RCA Issuer Bond Failure to Pay Event (a) is a result of a 
redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available

--- Page 1241 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1241 - 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be 
deemed not to constitute a RCA Issuer Bond Failure to Pay Event unless the redenomination itself 
constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined 
by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination; 
"RCA Issuer Bond Restructuring Event" means: 
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more RCA Issuer Bonds and in relation to an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in 
a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant RCA 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
RCA Issuer Bond to bind all holders of such RCA Issuer Bond or is announced (or otherwise 
decreed) by the RCA Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all 
holders of such RCA Issuer Bonds (including, in each case by way of an exchange), and 
such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such RCA Issuer Bond in effect 
as of the later of the Event Trigger Date and the date as of which such RCA Issuer Bond is 
issued: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any RCA Issuer Bond, causing 
the Subordination of such RCA Issuer Bond to any other RCA Issuer Bond; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor 
currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, none of the following shall constitute a RCA 
Issuer Bond Restructuring Event: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to a RCA Issuer 
Bond denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that 
adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European 
Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State 
of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion 
between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination 
and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium

--- Page 1242 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1242 - 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(a)(i) to (v) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or 
tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(a)(i) to (v) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly 
result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the RCA 
Reference Entity, provided that in respect of (a)(v) only, no such deterioration in 
the creditworthiness or financial condition of the RCA Reference Entity is required 
where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority. 
(c) 
For the purposes of (a) and (b) above, the term "RCA Issuer Bond" shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations which are Bonds for which the RCA Reference Entity is 
acting as provider of a Guarantee.  In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, 
references to the RCA Reference Entity in (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the 
Underlying Obligor and the reference to the RCA Reference Entity in (b) above shall 
continue to refer to the RCA Reference Entity. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under (a)(i) to (v) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the 
RCA Issuer Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting 
obligations immediately following such exchange. 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "RCA Issuer Bond Restructuring Event" 
and related provisions, the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the events 
described in sub paragraph (a)(i) to (a)(v) (inclusive) thereof shall not be a RCA Issuer Bond 
Restructuring Event unless the RCA Issuer Bond in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation, provided that any obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements 
of sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Multiple Holder Obligation"; 
"RCA Issuer Bankruptcy Event" means the RCA Issuer or RCA Guarantor in respect of any of 
the relevant Reference Securities: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as 
they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective;

--- Page 1243 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1243 - 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, 
in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition: (i) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of 
an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or (ii) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty 
calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a) to 
(g) (inclusive) above; 
"RCA Issuer/Parent Bankruptcy Event" means a RCA Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as 
they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of 
its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition 
becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, 
in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar 
days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger);

--- Page 1244 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1244 - 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or 
against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any 
such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty 
calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 0 to 
(g) (inclusive) above; 
"RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental Intervention Event" means: 
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a 
result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, 
or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or 
regulation), in each case, applicable to the RCA Reference Entity in a form which is binding, 
irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation: 
(i) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause 
(A) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of 
scheduled interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(B) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(C) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the 
payment or accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; 
or 
(D) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing 
the Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(ii) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial 
holder of the Obligation; 
(iii) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(iv) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (a)(i) to 
(a)(iii) above. 
(b) 
For purposes of (a) above, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying 
Obligations for which the RCA Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee; 
(c) 
The following provisions shall apply in respect of a RCA Reference Entity if the "CoCo 
Supplement" is applicable:

--- Page 1245 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1245 - 
(i) 
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo 
Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of 
principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or 
another instrument, such event shall be deemed to constitute a RCA Issuer/Parent 
Governmental Intervention Event falling within paragraph (a) of the definition 
above. 
(ii) 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a RCA 
Issuer/Parent Governmental Intervention Event for all purposes. 
(iii) 
The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
"Coco Provision" means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires 
(A) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (B) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in 
each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. 
"Trigger Percentage" means the trigger percentage specified in respect of the 
Reference Entity (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
"Capital Ratio" means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the 
Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
"RCA Issuer/Parent Obligation Acceleration Event" means one or more Obligations in an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before 
they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure 
to make any required payment, in respect of the RCA Reference Entity under one or more 
Obligations; 
"RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event" means, after the expiration of any applicable grace 
period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such grace period), 
the failure by a RCA Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event (a) is a result of 
a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of 
general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be 
deemed not to constitute a RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event unless the redenomination 
itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such 
redenomination; 
"RCA Issuer/Parent Repudiation/Moratorium Event" means the occurrence of both of the 
following events: 
(a) 
an authorised officer of the RCA Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority:

--- Page 1246 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1246 - 
(i) 
disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the 
validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement; or 
(ii) 
declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto 
or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement; and 
(b) 
a RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event, determined without regard to the Payment 
Requirement, or a RCA Issuer/Parent Restructuring, determined without regard to the 
Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; 
"RCA Issuer/Parent Restructuring Event" means: 
(a) 
that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not 
less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form 
that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant RCA Reference 
Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation 
to bind all holders of such Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the RCA 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and 
such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of 
the later of the Event Trigger Date and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or 
incurred: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor 
currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
(b) 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, none of the following shall constitute a RCA 
Issuer/Parent Restructuring Event: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts 
or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union;

--- Page 1247 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1247 - 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State 
of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion 
between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination 
and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(a)(i) to (v) above due to an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or 
tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in 
(a)(i) to (v) above in circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly 
result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the RCA 
Reference Entity, provided that in respect of (a)(i) only, no such deterioration in 
the creditworthiness or financial condition of the RCA Reference Entity is required 
where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority. 
(c) 
For the purposes of (a) and (b) above, the term "Obligation" shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the RCA Reference Entity is acting as provider of a 
Guarantee.  In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying Obligation, references to the RCA 
Reference Entity in (a) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the 
reference to the RCA Reference Entity in (a) above shall continue to refer to the RCA 
Reference Entity. 
(d) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under (a)(i) to has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond 
immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations immediately 
following such exchange. 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the definition of "RCA Issuer/Parent Restructuring 
Event" and related provisions, the occurrence of, agreement to, or announcement of, any of the 
events described in sub paragraph (a)(i) to (a)(v) (inclusive) thereof shall not be a RCA Issuer/Parent 
Restructuring Event unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation, provided that any obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements 
of sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Multiple Holder Obligation"; 
"RCA Makewhole Event" means a RCA Issuer elects in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Reference Securities to redeem the Reference Securities in whole or in part prior to their scheduled 
maturity date for an amount equal to the principal amount of such Reference Securities together with 
a makewhole amount (howsoever described including where the amount required to be paid on 
redemption on account of principal is greater than par) provided that such event shall be deemed to 
occur as of the later of (a) the relevant event being notified to the holders of the relevant Reference

--- Page 1248 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1248 - 
Securities by, or on behalf, of the relevant RCA Issuer and (b) the earlier of the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent becoming aware of the occurrence of such event; 
"RCA Merger Event" means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date 
to (but excluding) the RCA Maturity Date (or if Adjusted Asset Redemption Event is an applicable 
Early Redemption Event and RCA Call Maturity is not applicable, the RCA Call Date), the 
Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
becomes aware that a RCA Reference Entity has consolidated or amalgamated with, or 
merged into, or transferred all or substantially all of its assets to, a Holder of Securities 
("RCA Reference Entity/Holder Merger"), or 
(b) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, 
or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to, a RCA Reference Entity ("RCA Reference 
Entity/Issuer/Guarantor Merger"); 
"RCA Nominal Amount" means the nominal amount of Reference Securities specified in the 
applicable Final Terms provided that such nominal amount of Reference Securities will be reduced 
(a) where the Reference Securities are redeemed in part only on a RCA Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date, RCA Maturity Call Option Date or RCA Call Date, as the case may be, by the nominal 
amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer which are redeemed on such RCA Residual 
Maturity Call Option Date, RCA Maturity Call Option Date or RCA Call Date, as the case may be, 
(b) in the same proportion as the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes or the aggregate Notional 
Amount of the Certificates, as the case may be, is reduced in connection with any purchase and 
cancellation of the Notes or the Certificates, as the case may be, and (c) in any other circumstances 
set out in these Collateral Linked Conditions which envisage such a reduction, by the amount of 
such reduction; 
"RCA Non-Call Event" means the relevant RCA Issuer does not validly exercise (regardless of the 
reason) an RCA Call in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Reference Securities; 
"RCA Parent" means, in relation to any RCA Issuer, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, 
the person or any entity directly or indirectly.  For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person 
means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person; 
"RCA Principal Deferral or Reduction Event" means any deferral, postponement or reduction (in 
part or in full) of the scheduled repayment of principal under the relevant Reference Securities as set 
out in the terms of the relevant Reference Securities as of the Trade Date (after taking account of 
any applicable grace period under the terms of the relevant Reference Securities and adjustments for 
non-business days) (a "Principal Deferral Event"), regardless of whether or not such Principal 
Deferral Event is permitted by the terms of such Reference Securities or whether or not such 
Principal Deferral Event leads to an event of default under the terms of the Reference Securities and 
no regard shall be had as to whether any such payment is (a) deferred or postponed for potential later 
payment or (b) is reduced (in part or in full) with no possibility for later payment;  
"RCA Payment Default Event" means: 
(a) 
unless No Grace Period is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, after the 
expiration of any applicable grace period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent 
to the commencement of such grace period):

--- Page 1249 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1249 - 
(i) 
the failure by a RCA Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments 
under the Reference Securities in accordance with the terms of such Reference 
Securities at the time of such failure; and/or  
(ii) 
the occurrence of a payment default (howsoever described) in respect of any of the 
relevant Reference Securities relating to the relevant series of Securities; or 
(b) 
where No Grace Period is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in each 
case, without regard to any grace period which may be applicable with respect to the 
relevant Reference Securities (and disregarding any terms allowing for non-payment, 
deferral or adjustments to any scheduled payments and any notice period in respect thereof): 
(i) 
the failure by a RCA Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments 
under the Reference Securities in accordance with the terms of such Reference 
Securities at the time of such failure; and/or  
(ii) 
the occurrence of a payment default a payment default (howsoever described) in 
respect of any of the relevant Reference Securities relating to the relevant series of 
Securities; 
"RCA Reference Entity" means each of the RCA Issuer, the RCA Guarantor or the RCA Parent 
specified as a "RCA Reference Entity" in the applicable Final Terms; 
"RCA Regulatory Event" means: 
(a) 
any event occurs as a result of action taken or announcement made by a governmental 
authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation or any 
other similar law or regulation, in any case, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of the Reference Securities which would cause (i) a reduction 
in the amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by 
way of redenomination), (ii) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at 
maturity or at scheduled redemption dates (including by way of redenomination), (iii) a 
postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (1) the payment or accrual of 
interest or (2) the payment of principal or premium, (iv) a change in the ranking in priority 
of payment of any obligation of the issuer of the Reference Securities, causing the 
subordination of the Reference Securities to any other obligation, or (v) any change in the 
currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal under the Reference 
Securities; or 
(b) 
any expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder 
of the Reference Securities, or a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange in respect 
of the Reference Securities; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in 
(a) and/or (b); 
"RCA Repudiation/Moratorium Event" means an authorised officer of the relevant RCA Issuer 
or any RCA Guarantor or a governmental authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in 
whole or in part, or challenges the validity of the Reference Securities or declares or imposes a 
moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to the Reference 
Securities;

--- Page 1250 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1250 - 
"RCA Residual Maturity Call Option Event" means where the relevant RCA Issuer has the right 
to redeem the Reference Securities in whole or in part prior to their scheduled maturity date for an 
amount equal to the principal amount of such Reference Securities together with a makewhole 
amount (howsoever described including where the amount required to be paid on redemption on 
account of principal is greater than par) and it also has a right to redeem the Reference Securities at 
any time from a certain date prior to their scheduled redemption date (the "RCA Residual Maturity 
Call Option Date") at an amount equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Securities plus 
accrued interest (the "RCA Residual Maturity Call Option") and the RCA Issuer exercises the 
RCA Residual Maturity Call Option; 
"RCA Restructuring Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that, on or after the Event 
Trigger Date, any of the following has occurred in respect of the relevant Reference Securities: 
(a) 
any event (by way of change to the actual terms and conditions applicable to the Reference 
Securities or by way of exchange of the Reference Securities with another asset) which 
would cause (1) a reduction in the amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals, (2) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity 
or at scheduled redemption dates, (3) a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for 
either (I) the payment or accrual of interest or (II) the payment of principal or premium, (4) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation of the issuer of the 
Reference Securities, causing the subordination of the Reference Securities to any other 
obligation or any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or 
principal under the Reference Securities; or 
(b) 
any expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder 
of the Reference Securities or a cancellation, conversion or compulsory exchange of the 
Reference Securities; or  
(c) 
any event analogous to the events specified in (a) and/or (b); 
"RCA Tax Event" means on or after the Event Trigger Date, (a) due to the adoption of any change 
in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law) or (b) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a 
taxing authority or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction), either (i) any amount is required to 
be deducted or withheld for or on account of any tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, assessment or fee 
of any nature imposed by any government or other taxing authority in respect of any payment to be 
received by the Issuer under one or more Reference Securities or (ii) the Issuer becomes obliged to 
pay any amount for or on account of any tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, assessment or fee of any 
nature imposed by any government or other taxing authority in respect of (A) any payment received 
by the Issuer under one or more Reference Securities or (B) holding, acquiring or disposing of any 
Reference Securities;  
"Realisation Amount" means the Collateral Proceeds Share due in respect of a Security, less a pro 
rata share of any Priority Amounts due in respect of the relevant series of Securities; 
"Received Collateral" means Reference Securities which have been transferred to the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty by the Issuer pursuant to the Collateral Exchange Agreement in respect of 
which the Collateral Exchange Counterparty has not transferred Equivalent Securities;

--- Page 1251 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1251 - 
"Reference Securities Grace Period" means the number of Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Securities MTM Event" means the bid price (exclusive of accrued interest) in respect 
of Reference Securities with an aggregate nominal amount outstanding equal to the aggregate 
nominal amount outstanding of the Reference Securities relating to the relevant series of Securities 
(expressed as a percentage of the face value of such relevant Reference Securities) is equal to or less 
than the Collateral Trigger Percentage, as determined in accordance with the MTM Trigger 
Valuation Method; 
"Reference Collateral Currency" means the currency in which the Reference Securities are 
denominated; 
"Reference Collateral Currency Equivalent" means in respect of any amount, where the relevant 
series of Securities and the relevant Reference Securities are denominated in the same currency, such 
amount or, where the relevant Reference Securities and the Securities are denominated in different 
currencies, the equivalent in the relevant Reference Collateral Currency of such amount (which may 
be determined by applying one or more fixed exchange rate set out in the relevant Swap Agreement 
to the currency amount in which the relevant series of Securities is denominated); 
"Related Agreement Counterparty" means the relevant Swap Counterparty, Repo Counterparty 
and/or the Collateral Exchange Counterparty, as the context requires; 
"Related Agreement Counterparty Default" means an Early Redemption Event has occurred 
which is a Related Agreement Termination Event and (a) the Collateral Exchange Counterparty is 
the defaulting party under the Collateral Exchange Agreement and/or (b) where the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty and the Swap Counterparty are the same entity, the Swap Counterparty is 
the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) under the Swap Agreement; 
"Related Agreement Termination Event" means the early termination of any Swap Agreement (or 
any other agreement specified as a Related Agreement in the Final Terms) entered into in respect of 
the Securities other than (a) where the Issuer is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the relevant Swap 
Agreement or Repurchase Agreement, as the case may be) thereunder and the relevant event of 
default relates to the insolvency of the Issuer or (b) the termination results from an event of default 
or the occurrence of another Early Redemption Event under the Securities or (c) the termination is 
due to the purchase by the Issuer of all the outstanding Securities of a series;  
"Repayable Assets" has the meaning given to it in Collateral Linked Condition 3.6; 
"Replacement Collateral Assets" are the securities which are specified to be Replacement 
Collateral Assets in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Replacement Cost Amount" means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount in the 
Repo Contractual Currency that the Repo Counterparty reasonably determines in good faith to be its 
total losses and costs (in which case such amount shall be payable by the Issuer to the Repo 
Counterparty) or gain (in which case such amount shall be payable by the Repo Counterparty to the 
Issuer) in connection with the termination of the Repurchase Agreement and the series of Repo 
Transactions, including any loss of bargain, cost of funding or, at the election of the Repo 
Counterparty but without duplication, loss or cost incurred as a result of its terminating, liquidating, 
obtaining or re-establishing any hedge or related trading position (or any gain resulting from any of 
them), and includes losses and costs (or gains) in respect of any payment or delivery required to have 
been made (assuming satisfaction of each applicable condition precedent) on or before the final

--- Page 1252 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1252 - 
Repurchase Date and not made as a result of the termination of the Repurchase Agreement.  The 
Repo Counterparty may (but need not) refer to quotations of relevant rates or prices from one or 
more leading dealers in the relevant markets in determining such amount, provided that the absolute 
value of such amount determined by Repo Counterparty shall not exceed the Repurchase Price in 
respect of the last Repo Transaction under the Repurchase Agreement prior to the termination 
thereof; 
"Repo Contractual Currency" means the contractual currency of the relevant Repurchase 
Agreement; 
"Repo Counterparty" means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Repo Transaction" means each Transaction as such term is defined in the Repurchase Agreement; 
"Repurchase Agreement" means the repurchase agreement entered into by the Issuer with the 
relevant Repo Counterparty in respect of the relevant series of Securities; 
"Repurchase Agreement Termination Payment" means, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in relation to any Repurchase Agreement, the termination payment due either from the Issuer to the 
Repo Counterparty or from the Repo Counterparty to the Issuer upon termination of such Repurchase 
Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof, which shall, in circumstances where the Repo 
Counterparty is not the Defaulting Party (as defined in the Repurchase Agreement), include any 
Replacement Cost Amount; 
"Repurchase Date" means each date on which the Repo Counterparty purchases Equivalent 
Securities to securities it has sold under the Repurchase Agreement; 
"Repurchase Price" has the meaning given to such term in the Repurchase Agreement; 
"Resolve" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be 
interpreted accordingly. 
"Rounding Amount" means has the meaning given to such term in Collateral Linked Condition 3.4; 
"Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on 
its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended 
from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof; 
"Scheduled Final Bond Payment" means the amount scheduled to be paid by the relevant RCA 
Issuer(s) in respect of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held by the Issuer on the 
relevant Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date or, where there is more than one type of Reference 
Securities, the aggregate of such amounts payable by the relevant RCA Issuers on the relevant 
Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date(s) or, where RCA Maturity Call is applicable and the Final 
RCA Maturity Call Option Date falls prior to the Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date, the amount 
scheduled to be paid by the relevant RCA Issuer in accordance with the terms of the Reference 
Securities (as at the Trade Date) in respect of the nominal amount of the Reference Securities held 
by the Issuer on the Final RCA Maturity Call Option Date; 
"Scheduled Final Bond Payment Date" means the date specified as the RCA Maturity Date in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms on which the 
Reference Securities are scheduled to be redeemed in accordance with the terms of the Reference 
Securities (as at the Trade Date) by payment of the Scheduled Final Bond Payment;

--- Page 1253 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1253 - 
"Scheduled Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled RCA Interest Payment Date" means, in respect of any Reference Securities, the RCA 
Interest Payment Dates specified for such Reference Securities in the applicable Final Terms (as 
adjusted for non-business days in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Reference 
Securities (as at the Trade Date)) and/or any other date on which a payment of an RCA Interest 
Amount is scheduled to be received by the Issuer in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Reference Securities (as at the Trade Date); 
"Securities MTM Event" means the bid price (exclusive of accrued interest) in respect of the 
outstanding Securities (expressed as a percentage of the Nominal Value of such Securities) is equal 
to or less than the Collateral Trigger Percentage, as determined in accordance with the MTM Trigger 
Valuation Method; 
"Security Agreement" means each of the Trust Deed and any Additional Security Document 
applicable to the relevant series of Securities; 
"Security Interests" means any pledge, charge, other encumbrance or security interest created under 
a Security Agreement; 
"Similar RCA Reference Entity" means an entity with an equivalent Rating or an equivalent credit 
risk (if no Rating is available with respect to the relevant RCA Reference Entity), and as secondary 
criteria geographic and Transaction Type (as defined in Collateral Linked Condition 4.4) proximity 
to such RCA Reference Entity (if such RCA Reference Entity were the subject of a single name 
credit default swap traded on market standard terms); 
"Similar Reference Securities" means securities issued by the Similar RCA Reference Entity with 
an equivalent Rating or an equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available with respect to the relevant 
Reference Securities) to the Reference Securities, which mature prior to the Maturity Date (in the 
case of Notes) or the Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) and which have a ranking in 
priority of payment equivalent to the Affected Reference Securities which are the subject of the 
relevant RCA Merger Event; 
"Standard Early Redemption Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
(a) 
Annex Early Redemption Event; 
(b) 
Asset Payment Default Event; 
(c) 
Asset Default Event; 
(d) 
Asset Redemption Event; 
(e) 
Asset Payment Shortfall Event; 
(f) 
RCA Change in Law Event; 
(g) 
RCA Regulatory Event; 
(h) 
RCA Repudiation/Moratorium Event; 
(i) 
RCA Restructuring Event;  
(j) 
RCA Tax Event;

--- Page 1254 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1254 - 
(k) 
RCA Interest Deferral or Reduction Event;  
(l) 
RCA Principal Deferral or Reduction Event;  
(m) 
RCA Issuer Bankruptcy Event; and  
(n) 
Related Agreement Termination Event; 
"Swap Agreement Termination Payment" means the termination payment due between the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty upon early termination of the Swap Agreement(s) (in whole or in part) 
calculated in accordance with the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement; 
"Swap Business Days" means the days on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the cities specified in the applicable Final Terms as Business Days, 
and/or where TARGET2 Settlement Day is specified, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) payment system is open; 
"Swap MTM Event" means that the price that would be payable from the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty (expressed as a percentage of the notional amount of the Swap Agreement) were the 
Swap Agreement to be terminated  is greater than or equal to the Collateral Trigger Percentage, as 
determined in accordance with the MTM Trigger Valuation Method;  
"Tax Liability" means any deduction or withholding on account for tax, levy, impost, duty or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature which is payable in respect of payments or holding of the 
Reference Securities determined by reference to the law applicable (or the official interpretation 
thereof) as at the Trade Date; and 
"Triparty Services Agent" means the party specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Undelivered Reference Securities" means, in respect of a series of  Securities, those Relevant 
Assets which the Issuer has not delivered to the Holders of the Securities as a result of the occurrence 
of a Reference Collateral Settlement Disruption Event;   
2. 
Use of Reference Securities 
2.1 
Transfer of Reference Securities 
Save where the applicable Final Terms specify that there are no Reference Securities in respect of a 
series of Securities, the Issuer will acquire on the Initial Posting Date: 
(a) 
the Reference Securities with the RCA Nominal Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (as such amount is adjusted from time to time in accordance with the definition of 
RCA Nominal Amount);  
(b) 
where "Collateralisation Level – Partial Collateralisation" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, an aggregate nominal amount of Reference Securities, at least equal 
to the Reference Collateral Currency Equivalent of the product of (i) the aggregate Nominal 
Value of the Securities on such date (or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, on 
the Trade Date) and (ii) the Collateralisation Level; or 
(c) 
where a Repurchase Agreement has been entered into in connection with the relevant series 
of Securities, Reference Securities with a marked to market value (as adjusted by any

--- Page 1255 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1255 - 
Haircut) at least equal to the Reference Collateral Currency Equivalent of the product of (i) 
the aggregate Nominal Value of the Securities on such date and (ii) the Collateralisation 
Level.  Where a Repurchase Agreement is entered into in respect of a series of Securities, 
the Issuer shall withdraw the relevant Reference Securities from the Custody Account on 
the relevant repurchase date and deliver these to the Repo Counterparty and it will receive 
from the Repo Counterparty the relevant repurchase price in respect of the Repo 
Transaction.  Where, on the relevant repurchase date, the Issuer enters into a further Repo 
Transaction with the Repo Counterparty, it will receive Reference Securities with a marked 
to market value (as adjusted by any Haircut) at least equal to the Reference Collateral 
Currency Equivalent of the product of (i) aggregate Nominal Value of the Securities on such 
date and (ii) the Collateralisation Level and pay the relevant purchase price for such 
Reference Securities. 
2.2 
Collateral Exchange 
The Issuer may enter into a Collateral Exchange Agreement with the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty and: 
(a) 
where Collateral Exchange Agreement – Two way Transfer is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, when required by the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under the 
terms of the relevant Collateral Exchange Agreement, the Issuer shall be entitled to 
withdraw some or all of the relevant Reference Securities from the Custody Account and 
transfer such Reference Securities to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty against delivery 
of Replacement Collateral Assets with a marked to market value at least equal to the product 
of the Over Collateralisation Level and the marked to market value of such Reference 
Securities which are being withdrawn provided that for the purposes of the applicable Early 
Redemption Events, the relevant RCA Issuer, RCA Guarantor and, if applicable, the RCA 
Parent shall be deemed to be the RCA Issuer, RCA Guarantor and, if applicable the RCA 
Parent in respect of the Reference Securities notwithstanding the transfer of the Reference 
Securities under the Collateral Exchange Agreement. In accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Collateral Exchange Agreement, prior to the redemption of the relevant series of 
Securities and provided that no Early Redemption Event or Event of Default occurs, the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty will transfer Equivalent Securities in respect of the 
Reference Securities to the Issuer and the Issuer will transfer Equivalent Securities in 
respect of the Replacement Collateral Assets to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty.  
Where a Collateral Exchange Agreement is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms and an Early Redemption Event occurs which does not result from a Related 
Agreement Counterparty Default, save where Collateral Physical Settlement is applicable 
in respect of the relevant Early Redemption Event, any reference to the Collateral Sale 
Proceeds and the sale of the Collateral Assets shall be deemed to be a reference to a sale of 
the Issuer's rights under the Collateral Exchange Agreement to receive Equivalent Securities 
in respect of the Reference Securities and to the proceeds from such sale where such rights 
shall be the subject of such sale rather than the securities themselves in accordance with 
Collateral Linked Condition 3.3 and Collateral Linked Condition 3.3 shall be construed 
accordingly. Upon the early termination of the Collateral Exchange Agreement  where 
Collateral Physical Settlement is applicable in respect of an Early Redemption Event and 
no Related Agreement Counterparty Default has occurred, the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty will use commercially reasonable efforts to transfer the equivalent securities 
in respect of the Received Collateral to the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the 
Collateral Exchange Agreement and,  the Issuer will transfer equivalent securities in respect

--- Page 1256 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1256 - 
of the Replacement Collateral Assets to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty. Where the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty is unable (after using commercially reasonable efforts) 
to transfer Equivalent Securities in respect of all or part of the Received Collateral to the 
Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Exchange Agreement, an amount 
will be payable by the Collateral Exchange Counterparty to the Issuer as described in 
Collateral Linked Condition 3.3 in lieu of such delivery; 
(b) 
where Collateral Exchange Agreement – One Way Transfer Securities Lending is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, when required by the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty under the terms of the relevant Collateral Exchange Agreement, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to withdraw some or all of the relevant Reference Securities from the 
Collateral Account and deliver such Reference Securities to the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty provided that for the purposes of the applicable Early Redemption Events, the 
relevant RCA Issuer, RCA Guarantor and, if applicable, the RCA Parent shall be deemed 
to be the RCA Issuer, RCA Guarantor and, if applicable the RCA Parent in respect of the 
Reference Securities notwithstanding the transfer of the Reference Securities under the 
Collateral Exchange Agreement. In accordance with the terms of the relevant Collateral 
Exchange Agreement, prior to the redemption of the relevant series of Securities and 
provided that no Early Redemption Event or Event of Default occurs, the Collateral 
Exchange Counterparty will transfer Equivalent Securities in respect of the Reference 
Securities to the Issuer; 
(c) 
where Collateral Exchange Agreement – Triparty Transfer is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, when required by the Collateral Exchange Counterparty under the 
terms of the relevant Collateral Exchange Agreement, the Issuer shall withdraw some or all 
of the relevant Reference Securities from the Collateral Account and transfer such 
Reference Securities to the Collateral Exchange Counterparty against delivery of 
Replacement Collateral Assets with a marked to market value at least equal to the product 
of the Over Collateralisation Level and the marked to market value of such Reference 
Securities which are being withdrawn (as calculated by the Triparty Services Agent) 
provided that for the purposes of the applicable Early Redemption Events, the relevant RCA 
Issuer, RCA Guarantor and, if applicable, the RCA Parent shall be deemed to be the RCA 
Issuer, RCA Guarantor and, if applicable the RCA Parent in respect of the Reference 
Securities notwithstanding the transfer of the Reference Securities under the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement. In accordance with the terms of the relevant Collateral Exchange 
Agreement, prior to the redemption of the relevant series of Securities and provided that no 
Early Redemption Event or Event of Default occurs, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty, 
will procure the transfer of Equivalent Securities in respect of the Reference Securities to 
the Issuer and the Triparty Services Agent, on behalf of the Issuer, will transfer Equivalent 
Securities in respect of the Replacement Collateral Assets to the Collateral Exchange 
Counterparty.  Where a Collateral Exchange Agreement is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and an Early Redemption Event occurs which does not result from 
a Related Agreement Counterparty Default, save where Collateral Physical Settlement is 
applicable in respect of the relevant Early Redemption Event, any reference to the Collateral 
Sale Proceeds and the sale of the Collateral Assets shall be deemed to be a reference to a 
sale of the Issuer's rights under the Collateral Exchange Agreement to receive Equivalent 
Securities in respect of the Reference Securities and to the proceeds from such sale where 
such rights shall be the subject of such sale rather than the securities themselves in 
accordance with Collateral Linked Condition 3.3 and Collateral Linked Condition 3.3 shall 
be construed accordingly. Where Collateral Exchange Agreement – Triparty Transfer

--- Page 1257 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1257 - 
applies to a series of Securities, the Issuer may enter into one or more additional agreements 
with, inter alios, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty and/or the Triparty Services Agent 
in addition to the Collateral Exchange Agreement itself and any reference herein to the 
Collateral Exchange Agreement shall be construed accordingly so as to include such 
additional agreements save that any termination of such additional agreements shall not 
constitute a Related Agreement Termination Event. 
2.3 
Credit Support Obligations 
Where the Issuer enters into a Credit Support Document with a Swap Counterparty, it may be 
required to transfer some or all of the relevant Reference Securities relating to a series of Securities 
to the Swap Counterparty in order to comply with its obligations under such Credit Support 
Document but shall not at any time be required to transfer any more than the aggregate amount of 
Reference Securities that it holds at such time.
2.4 
Related Agreements 
Where Repurchase Agreement and/or Collateral Exchange Agreement are not specified as Related 
Agreements in the applicable Final Terms, references in these Collateral Linked Conditions to any 
such document or agreement and to any Repo Counterparty or Collateral Exchange Counterparty, 
as the case may be, shall not be applicable. 
2.5 
Currency Conversion 
Where any Collateral Assets which are denominated in a currency other than the Specified Currency 
(such other currency the "Other Currency") are sold in accordance with Collateral Linked 
Condition 3 or the Issuer receives any amounts in an Other Currency which are to be paid to the 
Holders of Securities, such amounts will be converted into the Specified Currency at an exchange 
rate determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner, in each case 
immediately prior to the payment of the relevant amount to the Holders of the Securities.  
3. 
Early Redemption 
3.1 
Early Redemption Events 
Where any Early Redemption Events are applicable to a series of Securities, then each Security shall 
be redeemed early by the Issuer in accordance with this Collateral Linked Condition 3 following the 
delivery of an Early Redemption Notice by the Calculation Agent at its Early Redemption Amount 
on the Early Redemption Date or, where Collateral Physical Settlement is applicable in respect of 
the relevant Early Redemption Event, redeemed early by the Issuer in accordance with this Collateral 
Linked Condition 3 following the delivery of an Early Redemption Notice by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer by delivery of the Early Redemption Delivery Share applicable to such Security and payment 
of a pro rata share of any Early Residual Proceeds Amount provided that where Asset Redemption 
Event is an applicable Early Redemption Event in respect of a series of Securities and RCA Call 
Event and/or RCA Makewhole Event are applicable Early Redemption Events, where the Reference 
Securities are redeemed early in circumstances which would constitute both an Asset Redemption 
Event and a RCA Call Event and/or a RCA Makewhole Event, as applicable, such redemption shall 
be treated as a RCA Call Event or RCA Makewhole Event, as the case may be, rather than an Asset 
Redemption Event.

--- Page 1258 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1258 - 
3.2 
Sale or delivery of Collateral Assets 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event and delivery of an Early Redemption 
Notice, save where Collateral Physical Settlement is applicable in respect of the relevant Early 
Redemption Event, the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable arrange for the sale of the 
Reference Securities (and in connection therewith may appoint an agent to assist it in arranging such 
sale, a "Collateral Disposal Agent") in accordance with Collateral Linked Condition 3.3 provided 
that, where the relevant Early Redemption Event which has occurred is a RCA Early Call Event, an 
Adjusted Asset Redemption Event or an Asset Redemption Event unless Collateral Sale is specified 
as applicable in respect of such Early Redemption Event in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer or 
any Collateral Disposal Agent (on its behalf) will not attempt to sell the relevant Reference Securities 
in respect of which the relevant Early Redemption Event has occurred in accordance with Collateral 
Linked Condition 3.3 and instead will use an amount equal to the product of (a) the redemption 
proceeds received from the early redemption of the Reference Securities and (b) the Collateralised 
Percentage and any amounts received under any applicable Related Agreement to redeem the 
Securities and pay other amounts due in connection with the early redemption of the Securities 
provided further that where a sale of Credit Support Assets would be undertaken in accordance with 
the last paragraph of Collateral Linked Condition 3.3, such sale shall still take place in the 
circumstances set out in the last paragraph of Collateral Linked Condition 3.3 where a RCA Early 
Call Event, an Adjusted Asset Redemption Event or an Asset Redemption Event is the relevant Early 
Redemption Event which is the subject of the relevant Early Redemption Notice notwithstanding 
that Collateral Linked Condition 3.3 would not otherwise apply and the Issuer may appoint a 
Collateral Disposal Agent in respect of any such sale. 
3.3 
Sale of Collateral Assets 
Where this Collateral Linked Condition 3.3 is applicable, the Issuer or the Collateral Disposal Agent 
shall on the Initial Collateral Valuation Date (which must fall within the Initial Collateral Valuation 
Period) seek firm bid quotations for the sale of the relevant Collateral Assets in respect of the relevant 
series of Securities from at least three dealers in assets such as the relevant Reference Securities 
(and, for such purpose, it may seek quotations in respect of such Collateral Assets in their entirety 
or in respect of designated tranches thereof, as it considers appropriate) provided that: 
(a) 
at least one of the dealers from whom quotations are sought shall be BNP Paribas (who, for 
the avoidance of doubt, shall be under no obligation to provide a quotation); 
(b) 
the Collateral Disposal Agent may itself provide a bid in respect of the relevant Collateral 
Assets relating to the relevant series of Securities or any tranche thereof; and 
(c) 
the Issuer shall and shall be authorised to accept in respect of each relevant tranche or, as 
applicable, the entirety of the relevant Collateral Assets the highest such quotation so 
obtained (which may be a quotation from the Collateral Disposal Agent) provided that 
where the highest quotation is not received from BNP Paribas, BNP Paribas shall be given 
the opportunity to submit a revised quotation which is at least equal to the highest quotation 
(a "Matching Quotation") and if BNP Paribas does submit such a Matching Quotation, the 
Issuer will sell the relevant Collateral Assets to BNP Paribas. 
Subject as may otherwise be provided for in these Collateral Linked Conditions or the Final Terms, 
in effecting the sales, the Issuer may sell the relevant Collateral Assets relating to the relevant series 
of Securities in one single tranche or in smaller tranches as it considers appropriate in order to 
attempt reasonably to maximise the proceeds from such sale.   If the Issuer and/or the Collateral

--- Page 1259 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1259 - 
Disposal Agent does not receive at least two quotations for all the Collateral Assets on the Initial 
Collateral Valuation Date (including a quotation from BNP Paribas), it shall attempt to sell the 
Collateral Assets on at least two other Business Days during the Collateral Valuation Period in the 
manner set out above provided that, if on any subsequent Collateral Valuation Date other than the 
Initial Collateral Valuation Date during the Collateral Valuation Period, the Issuer and/or the 
Collateral Disposal Agent only receive one firm bid quotation for the relevant Collateral Assets, the 
Issuer may sell the Collateral Assets to the relevant dealer which has provided such firm bid 
quotation and, if BNP Paribas is the only dealer that is willing to provide a firm bid quotation for the  
Collateral Assets, the Issuer may sell the Collateral Assets to BNP Paribas. If, after the third such 
attempted sale (including the Initial Collateral Valuation Date), the Issuer and the Collateral Disposal 
Agent (if any) have still received no firm bid quotations for the relevant Collateral Assets, the 
relevant Collateral Assets shall be deemed to have a value of zero and the Issuer shall have no further 
obligation to attempt to sell the Collateral Assets. 
The Issuer will not sell Collateral Assets which are Credit Support Assets (other than those received 
by the Issuer under a Repurchase Agreement) and references to Collateral Assets in this Collateral 
Linked Condition 3.3 shall be construed accordingly unless (i) the relevant Early Redemption Event 
is a Related Agreement Termination Event where the Swap Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement) under the relevant Swap Agreement or, where applicable, the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty is the defaulting party under the Collateral Exchange Agreement 
or (ii) a Swap Agreement Termination Payment is due from the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, or 
as the case may be, a Collateral Exchange Agreement Termination Payment is due from the 
Collateral Exchange Counterparty to the Issuer and such payment is not made when due under the 
relevant Related Agreement, in which case the Collateral Assets which are to be sold in accordance 
with this Collateral Linked Condition 3.3 shall include any Credit Support Assets and Replacement 
Collateral Assets held by the Issuer. 
3.4 
Collateral Physical Settlement 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event and delivery of an Early Redemption 
Notice, where Collateral Physical Settlement has been specified as applicable in respect of the 
relevant Early Redemption Event in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall as soon as 
reasonably practicable deliver the Available Reference Securities to the Holders.  Where delivery of 
the Available Reference Securities is due to be made in respect of Securities, Condition 6(b)(i) shall 
apply and, for such purposes, the Securities shall be deemed to be Physical Delivery Securities, 
notwithstanding the terms of Condition 6(b)(i), the Delivery Date shall be the Early Redemption 
Date (unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) and the Entitlement (unless specified 
otherwise in the applicable Final Terms) shall be deemed to be the delivery of the Early Redemption 
Delivery Share applicable to such Security and the Issuer shall pay a pro rata share of the sum of any 
Early Residual Proceeds Amount, Credit Support Sale Proceeds and/or Early Redemption Additional 
Proceeds Amount (after the use of such sums to pay any Early Redemption Costs) in respect of each 
Security on the applicable Delivery Date. Where the Issuer has entered into a Collateral Exchange 
Agreement with the Collateral Exchange Counterparty if, upon the termination of the Collateral 
Exchange Agreement following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event where no Related 
Agreement Counterparty Default has occurred, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty is unable (after 
using commercially reasonable efforts) to transfer Equivalent Securities in respect of all or part of 
the Received Collateral to the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Exchange 
Agreement (such securities which are not transferred being "Undelivered Equivalent Securities"), 
the Collateral Exchange Counterparty will pay an amount equal to the fair market value (as 
determined by the Collateral Exchange Counterparty) of the relevant Undelivered Equivalent

--- Page 1260 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1260 - 
Securities to the Issuer in lieu of such delivery by way of a termination payment and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, such amount shall form part of the Early Redemption Additional Proceeds 
Amount.  
Prior to determining the Early Redemption Delivery Share in respect of each Security, the Issuer 
shall determine the cash amount which is equal to the sum of the Credit Support Sale Proceeds and 
the Early Redemption Additional Proceeds Amount and whether such cash sum is sufficient to 
satisfy any applicable Early Redemption Costs in full.  If such sum is not sufficient to satisfy the 
applicable Early Redemption Costs in full, the Calculation Agent shall then calculate the amount of 
Reference Securities which are required to be sold in order to pay any Early Redemption Costs after 
the application of such Credit Support Sale Proceeds and Early Redemption Additional Proceeds 
Amount to pay such Early Redemption Costs and the Issuer shall arrange for the sale of the relevant 
amount of Reference Securities to meet any unsatisfied Early Redemption Costs and any proceeds 
from such sale remaining after payment of such Early Redemption Costs  shall be the "Early 
Residual Proceeds Amount" and shall be paid in accordance with this Collateral Linked Condition 
3.4.  
In connection with any such delivery in respect of the Securities, such delivery shall be made in 
accordance with Condition 6(b)(i) and the Entitlement and Entitlement Amount shall be deemed to 
be a Security's Early Redemption Delivery Share. The Issuer shall be entitled to appoint one or more 
agents to assist it with the delivery of the Entitlement and sale required of Collateral Assets required 
to be made in accordance with this Collateral Linked Condition 3.4.   
In connection with such delivery, (i) for the purposes of Condition 6(b)(i)(C), Expenses shall be 
deemed to include any expenses and costs which are incurred in delivery of the Collateral Assets in 
accordance with this Collateral Linked Condition 3.4, (ii) the Issuer shall be entitled to deduct from 
the assets deliverable to Holders of Securities all Expenses not previously deducted from amounts 
paid or assets delivered to Holders of Securities, as the Issuer shall in its sole and absolute discretion 
determine are attributable to the relevant Securities and (iii) any reference in the Conditions to 
"Relevant Assets" shall be deemed, in connection with a delivery of Collateral Assets in accordance 
with this Collateral Linked Condition 3.4, to be a reference to "Reference Securities". 
The final sentence of the first paragraph of Condition 6(b)(i)(D) shall not apply and the Collateral 
Assets which it is not possible to deliver to a Holder of Securities due to such rounding shall, if and 
to the extent practicable, be sold by the Issuer (or by such  agent as may be appointed by the Issuer 
for such purpose) and a pro rata share of the resulting amount (the "Rounding Amount") shall be 
paid to each Holder of Securities whose Entitlement is subject to such rounding. 
Any reference in the Conditions to Relevant Assets shall be deemed to be, in connection with an 
Early Redemption Event, a reference to the Reference Securities which are comprised in the 
Entitlement for such Security. Where Collateral Physical Settlement is applicable and the relevant 
Reference Securities have redeemed prior to the date on which the Reference Securities are 
delivered, in lieu of such delivery, the Holder of Securities shall be entitled to payment of a pro rata 
share of such redemption proceeds after payment of any Early Redemption Costs.  Where Collateral 
Physical Settlement is applicable and (i) the Issuer is holding Credit Support Assets relating to the 
relevant series of Securities, (ii) such Credit Support Assets are Margin Securities and/or where (A) 
the relevant Early Redemption Event is a Related Agreement Termination Event where the Swap 
Counterparty is the Defaulting Party (as defined in the Swap Agreement) under the relevant Swap 
Agreement or, where applicable, the Collateral Exchange Counterparty is the defaulting party under 
the Collateral Exchange Agreement or (B) a Swap Agreement Termination Payment is due from the 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, or, as the case may be, a Collateral Exchange Agreement

--- Page 1261 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1261 - 
Termination Payment is due from the Collateral Exchange Counterparty to the Issuer, and  where 
either (A) or (B) applies, such payment is not made when due under the relevant Related Agreement, 
the relevant Credit Support Assets shall be sold in the manner set out in Collateral Linked Condition 
3.3. In addition, where the Collateral Exchange Counterparty is the defaulting party under the 
Collateral Exchange Agreement and the Issuer is holding Replacement Collateral Assets, such 
Replacement Collateral Assets shall be sold in the manner set out in Collateral Linked Condition 
3.3. The sale proceeds in respect thereof shall be first used to pay any Early Redemption Costs before 
the Issuer or the Collateral Disposal Agent sells any Reference Securities and any proceeds of such 
sale shall be treated as Credit Support Sale Proceeds for the purposes of the first two paragraphs of 
this Collateral Linked Condition 3.4. 
The Issuer will not deliver Collateral Assets which are Credit Support Assets or Replacement 
Collateral Assets to the Holders and references in this Collateral Linked Condition 3.4 to Collateral 
Assets shall be construed accordingly. 
Where Collateral Physical Settlement has been specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
and a Reference Collateral Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) occurs, Collateral Linked 
Condition 3.13 shall apply. 
3.5 
Credit Notional Value Repack Securities 
Where Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities) applies to the 
Securities and save where Credit Linked Interest Only is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, where an Event Determination Date occurs in respect of a Credit Event (as defined in 
Annex 10 (Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Securities)) which is a Restructuring 
and the Exercise Amount is for an amount less than the aggregate Nominal Value outstanding of the 
Securities, the Securities shall be partially redeemed ("Credit Partial Redemption") pro rata in an 
amount equal to the Exercise Amount (the "Credit Partial Redemption Amount").  The Securities, 
in an amount equal to the aggregate Nominal Value outstanding prior to any Credit Partial 
Redemption less the relevant Credit Partial Redemption Amount, shall remain outstanding and the 
words "Nominal Amount of the Notes" or "Notional Amount of the Certificate" should be construed 
accordingly where relevant.  Interest (if applicable) shall continue to accrue on the Nominal Value 
outstanding of the Securities following the reduction in such Nominal Value outstanding upon a 
Credit Partial Redemption in accordance with Condition 5 (in the case of Notes) or Condition 4 (in 
the case of Certificates). 
3.6 
Scheduled Repayment of Collateral Assets 
Where either (a) more than one issue or type of Reference Securities is specified in respect of a series 
of Securities in the applicable Final Terms and one of the Reference Securities is scheduled to mature 
prior to the Maturity Date or (b) the relevant Reference Securities are scheduled to redeem in part 
from time to time, unless Amortisation Trigger is specified as applicable in respect of the relevant 
Reference Securities, or RCA Makewhole Event is an applicable Early Redemption Event and a 
RCA Makewhole Event occurs (in which latter case Collateral Linked Condition 3.7 shall apply), in 
the event that some only of the Reference Securities are redeemed (the "Repayable Assets") or part 
of the principal amount of a Reference Security is redeemed in accordance with its terms (a "Partial 
Redemption"), each Security will be partially redeemed on a pro rata basis, in a nominal amount 
equal to the proportion of the then outstanding aggregate Nominal Value of the Securities that the 
principal amount of the Repayable Assets or the principal amount of the Partial Redemption 
(together, a "Nominal Reduction Amount") bears to the aggregate principal amount of all of the 
Reference Securities and no Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred. Any such

--- Page 1262 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1262 - 
redemption shall occur not later than 10 Business Days following the date on which the Issuer 
receives the relevant redemption proceeds in respect of the relevant Reference Securities.  Interest 
(if applicable) shall continue to accrue on the Nominal Value outstanding of the Securities following 
the reduction in such Nominal Value by the relevant Nominal Reduction Amount in accordance with 
Condition 5 (in the case of Notes) or Condition 4 (in the case of Certificates). 
3.7 
Early Redemption Amount following a RCA Early Call Event 
Where a RCA Early Call Event occurs and: 
(a) 
Standard Early Redemption is specified to be applicable in respect of the relevant RCA 
Early Call Event in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount will be as 
set out in the definition of such term in Collateral Linked Condition 1.1 and interest shall 
cease to accrue in accordance with the relevant provision of Condition 5 (in the case of 
Notes) or Condition 4 (in the case of Certificates) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
Par Early Redemption is specified to be applicable in respect of the relevant RCA Early 
Call Event in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Security will be equal to the Nominal Amount of such Note or the Notional Amount of such 
Certificate, as the case may be, and interest on such Security shall cease to accrue with effect 
from and including; the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the date of such Early 
Redemption Event (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement 
Date);  
(c) 
Accrual Par Early Redemption is specified to be applicable in respect of the relevant RCA 
Early Call Event in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of 
each Security will be equal to the Nominal Amount of the Note or the Notional Amount of 
such Certificate, as the case may be, plus accrued interest on the Note (where it bears 
interest) calculated in accordance with Condition 5 (in the case of Notes) or Condition 4 (in 
the case of Certificates) to, but excluding, the relevant Early Redemption Date; or 
(d) 
Makewhole Early Redemption is specified to be applicable in respect of the relevant RCA 
Early Call Event in the applicable Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of 
each Note will be equal to a pro rata share per Security of an amount equal to the amount 
scheduled to be received by the Issuer in respect of the Reference Securities which are the 
subject of the relevant RCA Early Call Event plus accrued interest on the Security (where 
it bears interest) calculated in accordance with  Condition 5 (in the case of Notes) or 
Condition 4 (in the case of Certificates) to, but excluding, the relevant Early Redemption 
Date. 
Where (i) a RCA Early Call Event occurs with respect to part only of the principal amount of the 
Reference Securities, (ii) one of Par Early Redemption, Accrual Par Early Redemption or 
Makewhole Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (iii) RCA 
Early Call Event – Partial Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
Note will be partially redeemed on a pro rata basis, in a nominal amount (an "Early Call Nominal 
Reduction Amount") equal to the proportion of the then outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Notes or the then outstanding Aggregate Notional Amount of the Certificates, as the case may 
be that the principal amount of the Reference Securities which is the subject of the RCA Early Call 
Event bears to the aggregate principal amount of all of the Reference Securities for such Series and 
an Early Redemption Amount will be calculated in respect of a Nominal Amount of each Note equal 
to the Early Call Nominal Reduction Amount only.  Interest (if applicable) shall continue to accrue

--- Page 1263 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1263 - 
on the Nominal Value outstanding of each Security following the reduction in such Nominal Value 
by the relevant Early Call Nominal Reduction Amount in accordance with Condition 5 (in the case 
of Notes) or Condition 4 (in the case of Certificates). For the avoidance of doubt, where a RCA Early 
Call Event occurs and RCA Early Call Event – Partial Redemption is applicable, the relevant 
proportion of the Reference Securities, redemption proceeds therefrom and/or proceeds of realisation 
thereof, as applicable, shall be automatically released from the Security created under the Security 
Agreements to allow the redemption in part of the Notes. 
3.8 
Interest Accrual relating to RCA Makewhole Events 
Where RCA Makewhole Event is an applicable Early Redemption Event, such Early Redemption 
Event occurs and the terms of relevant Reference Securities contain a RCA Residual Maturity Call 
Option, if the RCA Issuer does not exercise its option to redeem the Reference Securities at their 
principal amount together with a makewhole amount (howsoever described) on the RCA Residual 
Maturity Call Option Date, on the first day of the Interest Period immediately following the RCA 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date, where an Alternative Rate of Interest is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes will be adjusted to the Alternative 
Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms and such interest shall continue to accrue at 
the Alternative Rate of Interest to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (in the case of Notes) or 
Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) in accordance with Condition 5 (in the case of Notes) 
or Condition 4 (in the case of Certificates), subject to the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where RCA Makewhole Event is an applicable Early Redemption Event 
and where no Alternative Rate of Interest is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there shall be 
no adjustment to the rate of interest following the RCA Residual Maturity Call Option Date where 
the RCA Issuer does not exercise its option to redeem the Reference Securities at their principal 
amount together with a makewhole amount (howsoever described) on the RCA Residual Maturity 
Call Option Date. 
3.9 
Redemption following a RCA Merger Event 
If this Collateral Linked Condition 3.9 is specified as applicable in the Final Terms and in the case 
that: 
(a) 
"RCA Reference Entity/Holder Merger" is specified as applicable, in the event that, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, a RCA Reference Entity/Holder Merger has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent may determine that the Securities should be redeemed; 
(b) 
"RCA Reference Entity/Issuer/Guarantor Merger" is specified as applicable, in the 
event that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a RCA Reference 
Entity/Issuer/Guarantor Merger has occurred, the Calculation Agent may either: 
(i) 
determine that the Securities should be redeemed; or 
(ii) 
request that the Issuer replace the relevant affected RCA Reference Entity/ies (the 
"Affected RCA Reference Entity/ies") respectively, with Similar RCA Reference 
Entity/ies and replace the Reference Securities (the "Affected Reference 
Securities") with Similar Reference Securities.  
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, which shall in its turn notify the Holders of Securities 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 18 (in the case of Notes) or Condition 19 (in the case of 
Certificates) of the decision taken by the Calculation Agent and any adjustments made to the terms 
of the Securities  Where Collateral Linked Condition 3.9(b)(ii) is applicable, the Issuer shall sell the

--- Page 1264 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1264 - 
Affected Reference Securities and pay the proceeds of any sale of Affected Reference Securities to 
the Swap Counterparty and the Issuer will receive from the Swap Counterparty an amount equal to 
the amount required to purchase the relevant Similar Reference Securities.  If there is a difference in 
value between the Affected Reference Securities and the relevant Similar Reference Securities, the 
Calculation Agent may make an adjustment to the interest payable on the Securities and, if it is not 
possible to reflect such difference in value fully by adjusting the interest payable on the Securities, 
the Calculation Agent may also adjust the Final Redemption Amount payable in respect of each 
Security.  Details of any adjustment or decision made in relation to the above may be obtained by 
the Holders of Securities upon request at the Calculation Agent’s specified address. 
3.10 
Purchase of Securities 
Where the Issuer purchases Securities in accordance with Condition 7(i) (in the case of Notes or 
Condition 8(i) (in the case of Certificates (the "Purchased Securities"), the Issuer shall dispose of 
a proportion of the Reference Securities for the relevant series of Securities equal to the proportion 
that the aggregate Nominal Value of Purchased Securities represent of the aggregate Nominal Value 
of the Securities (a "Collateral Disposal") save where, due to the denominations of the Reference 
Securities, such Collateral Disposal would result in the disposal of Reference Securities with a 
nominal amount greater than the Calculated Disposal Reference Nominal Amount due to the nominal 
amount of the Reference Securities which would be the subject of the relevant Collateral Disposal 
not being divisible by the denomination of the Reference Securities then held by the Issuer (a 
"Denomination Matching Failure Event").  In such circumstances, the Issuer may dispose of the 
next largest nominal amount of Reference Securities which is divisible by the denomination of the 
Reference Securities then held by the Issuer and which is lower than the Calculated Disposal 
Reference Nominal Amount (the nominal amount of the Reference Securities which is actually 
disposed of, being the "Actual Disposal Reference Nominal Amount").  In connection with such 
Denomination Matching Failure Event, the amount by which the Calculated Disposal Reference 
Nominal Amount exceeds the Actual Disposal Reference Nominal Amount shall be the "Excess 
Collateral Amount".   
3.11 
Subsequent Denomination Matching Failure Events 
Following the occurrence of a Denomination Matching Failure Event, if a subsequent purchase by 
the Issuer of Securities in accordance with 7(i) (in the case of Notes or Condition 8(i) (in the case of 
Certificates would otherwise lead to a further Denomination Matching Failure Event (each a 
"Subsequent Denomination Matching Failure Event") and the Excess Collateral Balance which 
would result from such purchase of Secured Securities (without regard to this Collateral Linked 
Condition 3.11 but, for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account, the Excess Collateral Balance 
immediately prior to the purchase of the Securities) (the "Deemed Excess Collateral Balance") 
would be equal to or greater than the denomination of a Reference Security, then (i) the purchase 
price for such subsequent purchase of Securities payable by the Issuer shall be deemed to be 
increased by the Excess Collateral Balance immediately prior to the purchase of the Securities and 
(ii) the Issuer shall dispose of additional Reference Securities ("Additional ECB Specified 
Reference Securities") in a nominal amount equal to or lower than the Deemed Excess Collateral 
Balance (to the extent that such nominal amount is divisible by the denomination of the Reference 
Securities then held by the Issuer) and the amount by which such Deemed Excess Collateral Balance 
exceeds the nominal amount of the Additional ECB Specified Reference Securities shall be deemed 
to be the new Excess Collateral Balance.

--- Page 1265 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1265 - 
3.12 
Payment of Excess Collateral Balance 
If there is a positive Excess Collateral Balance following the occurrence of an Early Redemption 
Event and the delivery of an Early Redemption Notice in connection therewith which leads to the 
redemption in full of the relevant Secured Securities or where the Compartment Security is enforced 
following a Note Acceleration or Certificate Acceleration, an amount equal to the Excess Collateral 
Balance Value shall be payable by the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement 
and, in the case of an Early Redemption Event. shall be deemed to be an Early Redemption Cost for 
the purposes of these Collateral Linked Conditions.  
3.13 
Reference Collateral Settlement Disruption Events 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement in such commercially 
reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is not practicable by reason of a 
Reference Collateral Settlement Disruption Event (as defined below) having occurred and 
continuing on the Delivery Date, then the Delivery Date shall be postponed to the first following 
Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no such Reference Collateral Settlement 
Disruption Event, provided that, the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the 
relevant Note or Certificate, as the case may be, by delivering the Entitlement using such other 
commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Delivery Date shall be such 
day as the Issuer deems appropriate in connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such other 
commercially reasonable manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Collateral 
Settlement Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Reference Securities comprising the 
Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the Reference Securities not affected by the Reference Collateral 
Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally designated Delivery Date.  
For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable by reason of a Reference Collateral 
Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding any other 
provision hereof the Issuer may elect to satisfy its obligations in respect of the relevant Note or 
Certificate, as the case may be, by payment to the relevant Noteholder or Certificateholder of the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount (as defined below) to be apportioned pro rata amongst the 
relevant Holders of Securities on the tenth Business Day following the Issuer's receipt of the 
proceeds received from the sale of any Undelivered Reference Securities and the Issuer shall also 
give notice of such election to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) or the 
Certificateholders accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), as the case may be. Payment of the 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) or the Certificateholders accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices), as the case may be.  The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) or the Certificateholders 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), as the case may be that a Reference Collateral Settlement 
Disruption Event has occurred. No Noteholder or Certificateholder shall be entitled to any payment 
in respect of the relevant Note or Certificate, as applicable, in the event of any delay in the delivery 
of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Reference Collateral Settlement Disruption Event and 
no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or any Guarantor (if applicable). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Disruption Cash Redemption Amount", means the sale proceeds realised by the sale of any 
Undelivered Reference Securities where such sale shall take place in accordance with Collateral 
Linked Condition 3.3 (as if, regardless of whether Collateral Physical Settlement is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an Early Redemption Event had occurred);

--- Page 1266 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1266 - 
"Settlement Business Day" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Collateral Settlement Disruption Event" means, in the opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, it is illegal, impossible or impracticable for the Issuer to make delivery of the Relevant 
Asset(s) in whole or in part and/or due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, the Issuer  cannot 
make delivery of the Relevant Asset(s) using the method specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
"Relevant Asset" means the Reference Securities. 
4. 
Additional Provisions relating to Obligor Early Redemption Events, RCA Issuer Bond Failure 
to Pay and/or RCA Issuer Bond Restructuring Event
4.1 
Relevant Guarantee 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(a) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the same category or 
categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
(b) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics 
or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the Final Terms or applicable 
in respect of the relevant Transaction Type from the following list: "Not Subordinated", 
"Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not 
Domestic Law".   
(c) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date 
or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the Final Terms or applicable in respect of the relevant 
Transaction Type from the following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable 
Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum 
Maturity", "Accelerated or Matured" and "Not Bearer". 
(d) 
For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the RCA Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this Collateral Linked Condition 4.1 apply in 
respect of the definitions of "Obligation" and "Deliverable Obligation" as the context 
admits. 
4.2 
Maximum Maturity 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum Maturity", 
remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in 
effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is 
due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero.

--- Page 1267 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1267 - 
4.3 
Provisions for determining a Successor 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent may determine, following any succession (or, in relation to a RCA 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) and with effect from 
the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors under the definition of "Successor"; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of 
determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations. The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and 
determinations required to be made under the definition of "Successor" (or the provisions 
relating to the determination of a Successor) on the basis of Eligible Information. In 
calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor 
under the definition of "Successor", if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall 
consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part 
of a single succession. 
(b) 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop 
Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession 
Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the RCA Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of 
at least one Relevant Obligation of the RCA Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the RCA Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the 
Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
(c) 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to the definition of 
"Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant 
Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
(d) 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the RCA 
Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential 
Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint 
Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was 
a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential 
Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint 
Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential 
Successor in equal parts. 
4.4  
Definitions relating to Obligor Early Redemption Events  
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether 
by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in accordance 
with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, any limitation 
imposed under any applicable insolvency laws;

--- Page 1268 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1268 - 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are 
not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, without the consent of the RCA 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if 
the RCA Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and if specified as applicable to 
a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Assignable Loan Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall 
be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are 
Loans; 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category that 
is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money obligation; 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan; 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits 
and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
 "Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the 
consent of the relevant RCA Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the relevant borrower if the RCA Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent, and, 
if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation Category, the Consent Required Loan 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect of obligations within the 
Deliverable Obligation Category that are Loans; 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA; 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established pursuant to 
the Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with credit derivative 
transactions in the over-the-counter market, as more fully described in the Rules; 
"DC Resolution" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules; 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to that term in the Rules; 
"Default Requirement" means the amount as may be specified as such in the Final Terms or, if a 
Transaction Type is specified, the amount specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, U.S.$ 10,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency), in either case, as of the occurrence of the 
relevant Early Redemption Event; 
"Deliverable Obligation" means:

--- Page 1269 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1269 - 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant RCA Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Deliverable 
Obligations; and 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation. 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Deliverable Obligations", the term "Deliverable 
Obligation" may be defined as each obligation of the RCA Reference Entity described by the 
Deliverable Obligation Category specified in respect of the RCA Reference Entity and having each 
of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in respect of the RCA Reference 
Entity; 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan as specified in relation to a RCA Reference Entity.  
If any of Payment, Borrowed Money, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable 
Obligation Category and more than one of Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan and Direct 
Loan Participation are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, the Deliverable 
Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics.  No 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics are applicable to Reference Obligation Only; 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, 
Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer.  If (a) any of the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or "Not Bearer" is specified in the 
related Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, such Final Terms 
shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds, (b) the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the 
applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with 
respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans, (c) any of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is 
specified in the Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final 
Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans and (d) more than one of 
"Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan Participation" are specified in the 
Final Terms as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics or is applicable in respect of the applicable 
Transaction Type, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics; 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation 
agreement, the Swap Counterparty is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual 
right in favour of the Issuer that provides the Issuer with recourse to the participation seller for a 
specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between the Issuer and either: 
(a) 
the Swap Counterparty (in either case, to the extent that the Swap Counterparty (as 
applicable), is then a lender or member of the relevant lending syndicate), or

--- Page 1270 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1270 - 
(b) 
a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller 
is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate); 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in relation to a RCA Reference Entity 
and any successor currency thereto.  If no currency is so specified, the Domestic Currency shall be 
the lawful currency and any successor currency of: 
(a) 
the relevant RCA Reference Entity, if the RCA Reference Entity is a Sovereign; or 
(b) 
the jurisdiction in which the relevant RCA Reference Entity is organised, if the RCA 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign; 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the RCA Reference Entity, if such RCA Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the RCA Reference Entity is organized, if such 
RCA Reference Entity is not a Sovereign; 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
RCA Reference Entity; 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made public 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality 
of such information; 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the RCA Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the 
related Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the RCA Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity is a Senior Transaction, then for purposes of determining whether 
a RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental Intervention Event or RCA Issuer/Parent Restructuring 
has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the RCA Reference Entity 
and the RCA Reference Entity is a Subordinated Transaction, then for purposes of 
determining whether a RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental Intervention Event or RCA 
Issuer/Parent Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation; 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability 
of the RCA Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a 
formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other 
amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable 
inputs); 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto; 
"Grace Period" means:

--- Page 1271 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1271 - 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b), the applicable grace period with respect to payments under 
and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred provided that if the applicable grace period cannot, by its 
terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Scheduled Redemption Date, 
as applicable, the Grace Period shall be deemed to expire on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or the Scheduled Redemption Date, as applicable; and 
(b) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect 
to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period 
Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three 
Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that 
such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for 
that purpose in the relevant Obligation or if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation 
Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial 
city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency; 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation; 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange 
and, if specified as applicable to an Obligation Category, the Listed Obligation Characteristic shall 
be applicable only in respect of obligations within that Obligation Category that are Bonds; 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that 
is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement 
and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than: 
(a) 
the period specified in relation to a RCA Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if no such period is so specified, 30 years; 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation; 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the 
Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued 
or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable); 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or 
if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation; 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to 
such bearer instrument are cleared via Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system and, if specified as applicable to a Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Not Bearer Deliverable Obligation Characteristic shall be applicable only in respect 
of obligations within that Deliverable Obligation Category that are Bonds;

--- Page 1272 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1272 - 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a 
Domestic Currency; 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or reissued, 
as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the RCA 
Reference Entity.  Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been 
taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the RCA Reference Entity 
(regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic 
market of the RCA Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may 
be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the RCA Reference Entity; 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a 
Domestic Law; 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or (B) 
any entity or organization established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally 
referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the Reference Obligation 
or (II) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant RCA Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) determined pursuant to the Method for Determining Obligations; and 
(b) 
the relevant Reference Obligations, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation; 
For purposes of the "Method for Determining Obligations", the term "Obligation" may be defined 
as each obligation of the RCA Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in 
respect thereof and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in respect thereof, 
in each case, immediately prior to the Early Redemption Event which is the subject of the Early 
Redemption Notice; 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in relation to a RCA Reference Entity; 
"Obligation Characteristic" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not 
Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance 
as specified in relation to a RCA Reference Entity, provided that: 
(a) 
if either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified 
in the related Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the 
Final Terms shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; and

--- Page 1273 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1273 - 
(b) 
if "Financial Entity Terms" and "RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental Intervention Event" are 
specified as applicable in respect of a RCA Reference Entity, if an obligation would 
otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the 
relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the RCA 
Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental Intervention 
Event shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic; 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the RCA Reference 
Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation 
in relation to the RCA Reference Entity (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not 
an obligation of the RCA Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the RCA Reference Entity (other than for the 
purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic) unless (a) otherwise specified in the Final Terms by reference to this definition, or 
(b) the RCA Reference Entity is a Reference Obligation Only Trade; 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the 
payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency or, if a Payment Requirement is not so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, U.S.$ 1,000,000, or its equivalent as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency, in either case, as of the occurrence of the relevant RCA 
Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event, RCA Issuer Bond Failure to Pay, or Potential Failure to Pay, 
as applicable; 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation 
and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances 
where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the RCA Reference Entity 
to the same single transferee; 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix 
Supplement to the Credit Derivatives Definitions, as most recently amended or supplemented as at 
the Trade Date (unless otherwise specified in relation to a RCA Reference Entity) and as published 
by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto), provided that any 
reference therein to: 
(a) 
"Confirmation" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Final Terms; 
(b) 
"Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the 
Specified Currency; 
(c) 
"Section 1.32" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Early Redemption Notice" as defined 
in this Annex 12; 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the RCA Reference Entity to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or 
more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, 
without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace 
period applicable to such Obligations;

--- Page 1274 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1274 - 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium"; 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to a RCA Reference Entity, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, 
if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the related Final Terms as the Reference 
Obligation, if any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and 
otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the RCA Reference Entity; 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not 
publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding 
or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information; 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the RCA Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the RCA Reference 
Entity; 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include 
a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the RCA Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, 
or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are 
not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, 
in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant 
governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit 
(or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the RCA 
Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other 
than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer;  
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a RCA Issuer/Parent Governmental 
Intervention Event, if "Financial Entity Terms" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the RCA Reference Entity; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the RCA Reference Entity.

--- Page 1275 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1275 - 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the RCA Reference 
Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant 
determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or 
following the occurrence of (I) a non- payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying 
Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the definition of "RCA Issuer/Parent Bankruptcy" 
in respect of the RCA Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these 
purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee 
or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(x) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery 
of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(y) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of such guarantee; 
"Reference Obligation" means the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
(a) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in relation to a RCA 
Reference Entity, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(b) 
(i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in relation to a RCA 
Reference Entity (or no election is specified in relation to a RCA Reference Entity), (ii) 
there is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is 
specified in relation to a RCA Reference Entity, in which case the Reference Obligation 
will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of 
publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that 
is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. 
If the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to 
be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation unless and until such obligation is 
subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in 
respect of the RCA Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation; 
"Reference Obligation Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics (for purposes of determining Obligations) shall be applicable where 
Reference Obligation Only applies; 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified 
as applicable in respect of the RCA Reference Entity, a Qualifying Guarantee; 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the RCA Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession 
Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first 
succession), provided that:

--- Page 1276 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1276 - 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the RCA Reference Entity and any of its 
Affiliates, or held by the RCA Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the appropriate adjustments 
required to take account of any Obligations of the RCA Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased 
or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the first succession to and 
including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the RCA Reference Entity 
and "Senior Transaction" is applicable in respect of the RCA Reference Entity, the related 
Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the RCA Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in respect of the RCA 
Reference Entity, and "Subordinated Transaction" is applicable in respect of the RCA 
Reference Entity, the related Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any 
Further Subordinated Obligations of the RCA Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, 
"Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the "Senior Transaction" 
were applicable in respect of the RCA Reference Entity; 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Maturity Date or Redemption Date (as the case may be): 
(a) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, 
the date that is the later of: 
(i) 
the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; 
and 
(ii) 
the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace 
Period in respect of such payment date); and 
(b) 
if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include 
Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the RCA Reference Entity; 
"Senior Transaction" means a RCA Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation or 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation; 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the relevant RCA Reference Entity, (a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in respect of the relevant RCA Reference Entity, 
or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in respect of the RCA Reference Entity, "Senior Level" 
if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" 
if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) 
"Senior Level";

--- Page 1277 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1277 - 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the RCA Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or 
otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources 
of a particular tier; 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof; 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified as 
such in respect of the RCA Reference Entity (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in respect of 
the RCA Reference Entity and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), 
provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an 
obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if 
such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member 
State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority; 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated 
by ISDA on its website from time to time; 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the RCA Reference Entity with the 
relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List; 
"Standard Specified Currencies" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro 
and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole); 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a 
series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the RCA Reference Entity, by one 
or more entities; 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the RCA Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the RCA Reference Entity existed; 
"Subordinated Transaction" means a RCA Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation 
or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation; 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and another 
obligation of the RCA Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the "First 
Obligation"), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganization or winding-up of the RCA Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the 
First Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second 
Obligation, or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain 
principal payments in respect of their claims against the RCA Reference Entity at any time that the 
RCA Reference Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation.  
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly.  For purposes of determining whether Subordination 
exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being 
compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit

--- Page 1278 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1278 - 
support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account, except 
that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account 
where the RCA Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation or 
the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined 
as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference 
Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and "Standard 
Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in 
each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date; 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to 
which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such obligation has already been 
rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of 
the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution 
Event" have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in 
paragraph (ii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the 
Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth 
under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to 
such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the RCA Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date 
it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment 
after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 1279 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1279 - 
(II) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than 
a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph 
(a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non- 
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(I) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan 
(other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(II) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); 
or if no such obligation is available, 
(III) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance 
with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or if no 
such obligation is available, 
(IV) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition 
of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in paragraph (c), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the 
delivery and payment obligations of the Credit Linked Securities, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  The Substitute Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation 
Agent shall, without further action, replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation.   
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available 
for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) and 
notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to

--- Page 1280 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1280 - 
be the Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (b), the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation; 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to 
the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective; 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which 
the Calculation Agent identifies the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with the 
definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation"; 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation:  
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(iii) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of an Early Redemption Event, 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the RCA Reference 
Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and 
of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred 
on or prior to the Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant 
to such paragraph (a) or (b), as the case may be, on the Trade Date; 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event; 
"succeed" for the purposes of the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor and the 
definitions of "Successor" and "Sovereign Succession Event", means, with respect to the RCA 
Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the RCA Reference Entity 
(i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant 
to any agreement (including, with respect to a RCA Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any 
protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds 
or incurs Loans (the "Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, 
and in either case the RCA Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as 
applicable.  For purposes of the provisions relating to the determination of a Successor and the 
definitions of "Successor" and "Sovereign Succession Event", "succeeded" and "succession" shall 
be construed accordingly; 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed 
to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the RCA Reference Entity; provided that if at such 
time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final

--- Page 1281 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1281 - 
succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant 
to the definition of "Successor" would not be affected by any further related successions in respect 
of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of an Early  in respect of the RCA Reference Entity or any 
entity which would constitute a Successor; 
"Successor Backstop Date" means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC 
Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date 
otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the 
Calculation Agent determines a succession (or, in relation to a RCA Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) has occurred and (ii) the Successor Resolution Request 
Date, in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (B) the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination and (C) the Calculation Agent determines, not more than fifteen Business Days after 
the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, a succession (or, 
in relation to a RCA Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) has 
occurred.  The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Successor" means in respect of a RCA Issuer, any successor entity which assumes the Reference 
Securities or, if there is more than one such successor entity, the successor entity which assumes the 
highest proportion of the outstanding principal amount of such Reference Securities as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, provided that if more than one successor entity assumes such highest 
proportion of such Reference Securities, the successor entity shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner provided further that if one or more of RCA 
Issuer/Parent Bankruptcy Event, RCA Issuer Bond Failure to Pay, RCA Issuer Bond Restructuring 
Event, RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event, RCA Issuer/Parent Restructuring Event RCA 
Issuer/Parent Governmental Intervention Event, RCA Issuer/Parent Obligation Acceleration Event 
or RCA Issuer/Parent Repudiation/Moratorium Event applies to an RCA Reference Entity in respect 
of the relevant series of Securities, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (g) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the 
RCA Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant RCA 
Reference Entity; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more 
than twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the RCA Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the RCA Reference Entity remain with the RCA Reference Entity, the entity 
that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole 
Successor in respect of the relevant RCA Reference Entity; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the RCA 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of 
the Reference Entity remain with the RCA Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the RCA

--- Page 1282 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1282 - 
Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
RCA Reference Entity remain with the RCA Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
RCA Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the RCA Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds 
to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the RCA Reference Entity 
and the RCA Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the RCA 
Reference Entity will not be changed in any way as a result of such succession; 
(f) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the RCA Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds 
to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the RCA Reference Entity 
and the RCA Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest 
percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if two or more 
entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a 
Successor); and 
(g) 
in respect of a RCA Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of 
the obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the RCA Reference Entity, 
and at the time of the determination either (A) the RCA Reference Entity has ceased to exist, 
or (B) the RCA Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) 
and the RCA Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation 
at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, such entity (the "Universal 
Successor") will be the sole Successor for the relevant RCA Reference Entity; 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more 
Successors to the RCA Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such 
notice is effective; 
"Transaction Type" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each "Transaction Type" 
specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time. Where a Transaction Type is 
specified in the Final Terms in respect of any RCA Reference Entity, then the provisions of these 
Collateral Linked Conditions shall apply with respect to such RCA Reference Entity in accordance 
with the Physical Settlement Matrix as it applies to such Transaction Type, as though such Physical 
Settlement Matrix were set out in full in the Final Terms; and  
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction, provided that none of the following shall be 
considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant 
to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the 
laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an 
obligation);  
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions 
on insurance companies and pension funds; or

--- Page 1283 ---
ANNEX 12 ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTIONAL VALUE REPACK 
SECURITIES 
- 1283 - 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
4.5 
NTCE Provisions 
Unless "NTCE Provisions" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply where one or more of the Early Redemption Events set out in the definition 
of Obligor Early Redemption Event or Obligor Early Redemption Event is applicable. 
(a) 
The definition of "RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event" in Credit Linked Condition 
10 shall be deleted and replaced with the following: 
""RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event" means, after the expiration of any 
applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when 
and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment 
Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such 
Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event (a) is a 
result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority 
and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, 
then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default 
Event unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of 
interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely available 
market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination.  
Unless "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms with 
respect to the relevant RCA Reference Entity, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a 
RCA Issuer/Parent Payment Default Event if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or 
result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. In making such 
determination, the Calculation Agent may take into account the guidance note set out in paragraph 3 
(Interpretive Guidance) of the ISDA 2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (published on July 15, 2019)."

--- Page 1284 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
- 1284 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds of each Series of Securities and any Related Securities will be used to acquire the assets 
which will comprise the Charged Assets, to make payments under any agreement (including, without 
limitation, any Related Agreement) relating to the relevant Securities and any Related Securities and/or to 
make payment to the counterparty to any Swap Agreement and/or to a bank or other entity pursuant to any 
Deposit Agreement and/or to the counterparty to any Repurchase Agreement in connection with any such 
Securities and/or to pay fees and expenses in connection with the administration of the Issuer and/or such 
Securities and any Related Securities.  If, in respect of any Series of Securities, there is a particular identified 
use of proceeds, in addition to or other than the foregoing, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 1285 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP INDICES 
- 1285 - 
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP INDICES
Securities issued under the Programme may be linked to the performance of certain indices. Where any 
Securities are linked to the performance of an index which is designated as a "Custom Index" in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
(a) 
the complete set of rules of such index and information on the performance of the index are freely 
accessible on the following website: https://indices.globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com, or such other 
website as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(b)
the governing rules (including the methodology of the index for the selection and the rebalancing of 
the components of the index, description of market adjustment events and adjustment rules) are 
based on pre-determined and objective criteria.

--- Page 1286 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1286 - 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
Terms defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants or the 
Terms and Conditions of the Certificates (as the case may be), as completed by the applicable Final Terms 
(the "Conditions"), and not otherwise defined in this Guarantee, shall have the same meanings when used in 
this section. 
The Guarantor may agree to guarantee the obligations of the Issuer under a Series of Securities that are 
specified as being guaranteed notes, guaranteed warrants or guaranteed certificates (as the case may be) in 
the applicable Final Terms ("Guaranteed Notes", "Guaranteed Warrants" or "Guaranteed Certificates", 
as the case may be, and together the "Guaranteed Securities") pursuant to a guarantee in one of the forms 
of the guarantee set out below depending on the form and Guarantor specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Guaranteed Securities may be issued pursuant to an Issue Deed which incorporates the Master Trust 
Terms between the Issuer and BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited as trustee (the "Trustee") (the 
"Trust Deed").  The relevant Trust Deed and Guarantee shall each be governed by and construed in 
accordance with English law. 
If the form of Guarantee specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms is "General Guarantee" then 
the form of Guarantee will be as follows where BNPP is the Guarantor (the "General Guarantee"): 
"THIS GUARANTEE is made by way of deed on [insert date] by BNP Paribas S.A. (the "Guarantor") in 
favour of the Trustee for itself and for the benefit for the time being of the holders of the Securities (as defined 
below) (each a "Holder"). 
WHEREAS: 
The Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities (the "Guaranteed 
Securities") on the terms of this Guarantee. 
Terms defined in the Terms and Conditions of [insert name of the Securities] (the "Securities"), as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms (the "Conditions"), and not otherwise defined in this Guarantee, shall have 
the same meanings when used in this Guarantee. 
Any reference in this Guarantee to any obligation or sums or amounts payable under or in respect of the 
Securities by the Issuer shall be construed to refer to (if applicable) in the event of a bail-in of the Guarantor, 
such obligations, sums and/or amounts as reduced by reference to, and in the same proportion as, any such 
reduction or modification applied to liabilities of the Guarantor following the application of a bail-in of the 
Guarantor by any relevant authority (including in a situation where the Guarantee itself is not the subject of 
such bail-in). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
GUARANTEE
Subject as provided below, the Guarantor irrevocably guarantees to the Trustee for itself and for the 
benefit of the holders for the time being of the Guaranteed Securities (each a "Holder") that, if for 
any reason the Issuer does not pay any sum payable by it or perform any other obligation in respect 
of any Guaranteed Security on the date specified for such payment or performance (the 
"Guaranteed Obligations"), the Guarantor will, in accordance with the applicable Terms and 
Conditions of the Guaranteed Securities (the "Conditions"), pay that sum in the currency in which 
such payment is due in immediately available funds or, as the case may be, perform or procure the 
performance of the relevant obligation. In case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy such obligations

--- Page 1287 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1287 - 
as and when the same become due, the Guarantor hereby undertakes to make or cause to be made 
such payment or satisfy or cause to be satisfied such obligations as though the Guarantor were the 
principal obligor in respect of such obligation after a demand has been made on the Guarantor 
pursuant to clause 10 hereof and provided that the Guarantor shall not be obliged to make any 
payment under this Guarantee until the Charged Assets have been realised or liquidated in full in 
the manner set out in Condition 12 of the Guaranteed Notes, Condition 13 of the Guaranteed 
Warrants or Condition 14 of the Guaranteed Certificates, as the case may be. 
The Guaranteed Obligations are, for the avoidance of doubt, limited to the same extent as such sum 
or obligation due by the Issuer is itself limited (i) by the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004 
and (ii) the applicable Conditions, including, without limitation, (1) those Conditions relating to the 
applicable redemption amount or termination amount (which amount may be limited to the 
liquidation proceeds of the Charged Assets of the Compartment relating to such Security) and (2) 
those Conditions relating to Compartments, limited recourse, non-petition, subordination and 
priority of payments in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Security. 
2. 
SUBROGATION OF THE GUARANTOR
The Guarantor will be fully and automatically subrogated to all rights of the holders of the 
Guaranteed Securities and the Trustee to payments of the Guaranteed Obligations, and to any rights 
appurtenant thereto, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law to the extent of such payment 
in respect of amounts due in respect of the Securities which have been paid by the Guarantor under 
this Guarantee; provided that the Guarantor shall not without the consent of the Trustee be entitled 
to enforce or to receive any payments arising out of or based upon or prove in any insolvency or 
winding up of the Issuer in respect of such right of subrogation until such time as all Guaranteed 
Obligations due under this Guarantee have been paid in full. 
3. 
THE GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL OBLIGOR
As between the Guarantor and the Trustee but without affecting the Issuer's obligations, the 
Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely 
a surety provided that (i) the Issuer has failed to satisfy its obligations as and when they become due, 
(ii) the Charged Assets have been realised or liquidated in full in the manner set out in Condition 12 
of the Guaranteed Notes, Condition 13 of the Guaranteed Warrants, or Condition 14 of the 
Guaranteed Certificates, as the case may be, and (iii) a demand has been made on the Guarantor 
pursuant to clause 9 hereof. Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will its liability be affected, 
by anything which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole principal obligor 
(including (1) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the Issuer or any other 
person, (2) any amendment to any of the Conditions or to any security or other guarantee or 
indemnity, (3) the release of any such security, guarantee or indemnity or (4) the dissolution, 
amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of the Issuer or any other person). 
4. 
THE GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING
The Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full force and effect by way 
of continuing security until no sum remains payable and no other obligation remains to be performed 
under any Guaranteed Security (including if the relevant Security is a Warrant, where such Warrant 
remains subject to exercise). Furthermore, those obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and 
not instead of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of any 
person, whether from the Guarantor or otherwise.   
5. 
STATUS
This Guarantee is a senior preferred obligation (within the meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) and an unsecured obligation of BNP Paribas SA and will rank

--- Page 1288 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1288 - 
pari passu with all its other present and future senior preferred and unsecured obligations subject to 
such exceptions as may from time to time be mandatory under French law. 
6. 
DISCHARGE BY THE ISSUER
If any payment received by, or other obligation discharged to or to the order of, the holder of any 
Guaranteed Security is, on the subsequent bankruptcy or insolvency of the Issuer, avoided under any 
laws relating to bankruptcy or insolvency, such payment or obligation will not be considered as 
having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor and this Guarantee will continue to 
apply as if such payment or obligation had at all times remained owing due by the Issuer. 
7. 
INDEMNITY
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that 
any sum or obligation which, although expressed to be payable or deliverable under the Guaranteed 
Securities, is for any reason (whether or not now existing and whether or not now known or 
becoming known to the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee) not recoverable from the Guarantor on 
the basis of a guarantee will nevertheless be recoverable from the Guarantor as if it were the sole 
principal obligor and will be paid or performed by it in favour of the Trustee (for itself and as trustee 
for the Holders) on demand by the Trustee provided that (i) the Issuer has failed to satisfy its 
obligations as and when they become due, (ii) the Charged Assets have been realised or liquidated 
in full in the manner set out in Condition 12 of the Guaranteed Notes, Condition 13 of the Guaranteed 
Warrants or Condition 14 of the Guaranteed Certificates, as the case may be, and (iii) a demand has 
been made on the Guarantor pursuant to clause 9 hereof and that in no circumstances shall the 
Guarantor be obliged to pay an amount under this Guarantee which is greater than the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, such Guaranteed Obligations being, 
for the avoidance of doubt, limited to the same extent as such sum or obligation due by the Issuer is 
itself limited by (1) the provisions of the Securitisation Act 2004 and (2) the applicable Conditions, 
including, without limitation, (a) those Conditions relating to the applicable redemption amount or 
termination amount (which amount may be limited to the liquidation proceeds of the Charged Assets 
of the Compartment relating to such Security) and (b) those Conditions relating to Compartments, 
limited recourse, non-petition, subordination and priority of payments in respect of the relevant 
Guaranteed Security.  Accordingly, the Guarantor will not be discharged, nor will its liability be 
affected, by anything which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole principal 
obligor (including (1) any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the Issuer or any 
other person, (2) any amendment to any of the Conditions or to any security or other guarantee or 
indemnity, (3) the release of any such security, guarantee or indemnity or (4) the dissolution, 
amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of the Issuer or any other person). 
8. 
RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS AGAINST THE GUARANTOR
By its acquisition of the Securities, each Holder (which, for the purposes of this clause 8, includes 
any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Securities) acknowledges, accepts, consents 
and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power (as defined 
below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) if the latter was to consider 
that the Amounts Due fall within the scope of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power. This 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Guarantor or another person (and the issue to the Holder 
of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment,

--- Page 1289 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1289 - 
modification or variation of the terms of this Guarantee, in which case the Holder 
agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under this Guarantee any such shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Guarantor or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of this Guarantee; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the term of this Guarantee, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
if applicable, that the terms of this Guarantee are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, 
to give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the "Amounts Due" are the amounts payable under this Guarantee. 
The "Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power" is any power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended 
from time to time), including without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 
20 August 2015 (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit 
de l'Union européenne en matière financière) (as amended from time to time) ratified by the Law 
n°2016-1691 of 9 December 2016 relating to transparency, the fight against corruption and the 
modernisation of economic life (Loi no. 2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, 
à la lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique) (as amended from time 
to time, this ordinance was ratified by the Law n°2016-1691), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of 
a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 dated 20 May 
2019, the "Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation"), or otherwise arising under French law, and 
in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part 
or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or 
securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into 
shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether 
in connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution. 
A reference to a "Regulated Entity" is any entity referred to in Section 1 of Article L.613-34 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and 
certain of their parent or holding companies established in France. 
A reference to the "Relevant Resolution Authority" is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation, and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-
in or Loss Absorption Power against the Guarantor from time to time (including the Council of the 
European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
The matters set forth in this clause 8 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of 
any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Guarantor and any Holder.  
9. 
INCORPORATION OF TERMS
The Guarantor agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions contained in the 
Conditions which relate to it.

--- Page 1290 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1290 - 
10. 
DEMAND ON THE GUARANTOR
Any demand hereunder shall be given in writing addressed to the Guarantor served at its office at 
Legal CIB, 3 rue Taitbout, 75009 Paris, France. A demand so made shall be deemed to have been 
duly made two Paris Business Days (as used herein, "Paris Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Paris) after the day it was served or 
if it was served on a day that was not a Paris Business Day or after 5.30 p.m. (Paris time) on any 
day, the demand shall be deemed to be duly made two Paris Business Days after the Paris Business 
Day immediately following such day. 
11. 
DEPOSIT OF GUARANTEE
This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the 
Holders. 
12. 
GOVERNING LAW
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith shall 
be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
13. 
JURISDICTION
The courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may, directly or 
indirectly, arise out of or in connection with this Guarantee including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith and accordingly the Guarantor 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts to hear all suits, actions or proceedings 
relating to any such dispute. The Guarantor waives any objection to the courts of England on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum.  
14. 
SERVICE OF PROCESS
The Guarantor agrees that service of process in England may be made on it at its London branch.  
Nothing in this Guarantee shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. 
15. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been executed and delivered by BNP Paribas S.A. as a deed on 
the date first above-mentioned. 
Executed and delivered as a Deed 
By BNP PARIBAS S.A.  
) 
acting by 
) 
acting under the authority 
) 
of that company  
             )

--- Page 1291 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1291 - 
Witness's signature: 
Name: 
Address:"

--- Page 1292 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1292 - 
If the form of Guarantee specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms is "Shortfall Guarantee" then 
the form of Guarantee will be as follows where BNPP is the Guarantor (the "Shortfall Guarantee"): 
"THIS GUARANTEE is made by way of deed on [insert date] by BNP Paribas S.A. (the "Guarantor") in 
favour of the Trustee for itself and for the benefit for the time being of the holders of the Securities (as defined 
below) (each a "Holder"). 
WHEREAS: 
The Guarantor has agreed to guarantee the obligations of the Issuer under the Securities (the "Guaranteed 
Securities") on the terms of this Guarantee. 
Terms defined in the Terms and Conditions of [insert name of the Securities] (the "Securities"), as completed 
by the applicable Final Terms (the "Conditions"), and not otherwise defined in this Guarantee, shall have 
the same meanings when used in this Guarantee. 
Any reference in this Guarantee to any obligation or sums or amounts payable under or in respect of the 
Securities by the Issuer shall be construed to refer to (if applicable) in the event of a bail-in of the Guarantor, 
such obligations, sums and/or amounts as reduced by reference to, and in the same proportion as, any such 
reduction or modification applied to liabilities of the Guarantor following the application of a bail-in of the 
Guarantor by any relevant authority (including in a situation where the Guarantee itself is not the subject of 
such bail-in). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1.
GUARANTEE
Subject as provided below, the Guarantor conditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Trustee 
for itself and for the benefit of the Holders that, if for any reason the Issuer does not: 
(i)  
on the Maturity Date (in the case of Guaranteed Notes), the Settlement Date (in the case of 
Guaranteed Warrants) or the Redemption Date (in the case of Guaranteed Certificates), as 
the case may be, pay the Final Redemption Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Notes or 
Guaranteed Certificates) or the Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Guaranteed 
Warrants) in full; 
(ii)  
on the Automatic Early Redemption Date (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) pay the Automatic Early Redemption Amount;  
(iii) 
on the Automatic Early Expiration Date (if specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms) pay the Automatic Early Expiration Payment Amount; or 
(iv) 
if (1) an Event of Default (other than an Event of Default resulting from a failure to pay the 
Final Redemption Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Notes and Guaranteed Certificates) 
or the Final Settlement Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Warrants)), (2) an Early 
Redemption Event (in the case of Guaranteed Notes or Guaranteed Certificates) or (3) an 
Early Termination Event (in the case of Guaranteed Warrants) has occurred, on the Early 
Redemption Date (in the case of Guaranteed Notes or Guaranteed Certificates) or Early 
Termination Date (in the case of Guaranteed Warrants), pay an amount equal to the 
applicable Final Redemption Amount, Final Settlement Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Early Termination Amount, as the case may be, in full,  
it will pay the Shortfall Amount (as defined below) in respect of each Guaranteed Security 
(the "Guaranteed Obligations") and the Guarantor will pay that sum in the currency in 
which such payment is due in immediately available funds.

--- Page 1293 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1293 - 
In case of the failure of the Issuer to satisfy such obligations as and when the same become 
due, the Guarantor hereby undertakes to make or cause to be made such payment as though 
the Guarantor were the principal obligor in respect of such obligations after a demand has 
been made on the Guarantor pursuant to clause 8 hereof and provided that the Guarantor 
shall not be obliged to make any payment under this Guarantee until the Charged Assets 
have been realised or liquidated in full in the manner set out in Condition 12 of the 
Guaranteed Notes, Condition 13 of the Guaranteed Warrants or Condition 14 of the 
Guaranteed Certificates, as the case may be, and only if the holder of a Guaranteed Security 
has not received the full Final Redemption Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Notes or 
Guaranteed Certificates), Automatic Early Expiration Payout Amount or Cash Settlement 
Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Warrants) or Automatic Early Redemption Amount 
which would otherwise have been due on the Maturity Date (in the case of Guaranteed 
Notes), the Settlement Date (in the case of Guaranteed Warrants), Redemption Date (in the 
case of Guaranteed Certificates) or Automatic Early Redemption Date or Automatic Early 
Expiration Date, as the case may be, (the "Expected Settlement Amount") or, where an 
Event of Default (other than an Event of Default resulting from a failure to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Notes and Guaranteed Certificates), the 
Final Settlement Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Warrants), Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount or Automatic Early Expiration Payout Amount), an Early Redemption 
Event or an Early Termination Event has occurred and either (1) the Trustee has given a 
notice of Note Acceleration in accordance with Condition 11 of the Guaranteed Notes, of 
Warrant Acceleration in accordance with Condition 11 of the Guaranteed Warrants or of 
Certificate Acceleration in accordance with Condition 12 of the Guaranteed Certificates in 
respect of the Guaranteed Securities or (2) the Issuer has given notice that it will redeem or 
cancel, as the case may be, the Securities, prior to their specified Maturity Date (in the case 
of Guaranteed Notes), the Settlement Date (in the case of Guaranteed Warrants) or 
Redemption Date (in the case of Guaranteed  Certificates), as the case may be, (the date on 
which such notice expires, the "Early Redemption Date" (in the case of Guaranteed Notes 
or Guaranteed Certificates) or the "Early Termination Date" (in the case of Guaranteed 
Warrants)), the Expected Early Termination Amount. 
For the purposes of this Guarantee:  
(a) 
"Shortfall Amount" means a pro rata share per Security of the amount, following 
the liquidation of the Charged Assets in the manner set out in Condition 12 of the 
Guaranteed Notes, Condition 13 of the Guaranteed Warrants or Condition 14 of the 
Guaranteed Certificates, as the case may be, by which the aggregate amount paid 
to the Holders of the Securities of the relevant Series by, or on behalf of, the Issuer 
is less than the aggregate Expected Settlement Amount or, if an Event of Default 
(other than an Event of Default resulting from a failure to pay the Final Redemption 
Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Notes and Guaranteed Certificates), the Final 
Settlement Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Warrants), Automatic Early 
Redemption Amount or Automatic Early Expiration Payout Amount), an Early 
Redemption Event or an Early Termination Event has occurred, the aggregate 
Expected Early Termination Amount (as defined below) otherwise payable in 
respect of such Security plus, in each case, any amounts which are payable in 
accordance with the Order of Priority in priority to payments to the Holders which 
have not been satisfied by the Available Enforcement Proceeds provided that the 
Trustee shall apply all amounts received by it under this Guarantee in accordance 
with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms after first having 
applied the Available Enforcement Proceeds in accordance with the Order of 
Priority.   
For the purposes of determining the Shortfall Amount, the Expected Settlement 
Amount shall be the Final Redemption Amount (in the case of Guaranteed Notes

--- Page 1294 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1294 - 
or Guaranteed Certificates), the Cash Settlement Amount (in the case of Guaranteed 
Warrants) or Automatic Early Redemption Amount prior to any application of the 
limitation of the Issuer's obligations set out in Condition 8(i) of the Guaranteed 
Notes, Condition 9(i) of the Guaranteed Warrants or Condition 9(i) of the 
Guaranteed Certificates, as the case may be. 
(b) 
"Expected Early Termination Amount" means either (i) the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of an Early Redemption Event (in the case of Guaranteed Notes 
or Guaranteed Certificates) or the Early Termination Amount in respect of an Early 
Termination Event (in the case of Guaranteed Warrants) or (ii) the fair market value 
of the relevant Security in respect of an Event of Default (other than an Event of 
Default resulting from a failure to pay the Final Redemption Amount (in the case 
of Guaranteed Notes and Guaranteed Certificates), the Final Settlement Amount (in 
the case of Guaranteed Warrants), the Automatic Early Redemption Amount  (in 
the case of Guaranteed Notes and Guaranteed Certificates) or the Automatic Early 
Expiration Payout Amount or Early Termination Amount (in the case of 
Guaranteed Warrants)), as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner on the Early 
Redemption Date or the Early Termination Date, as the case may be, prior to any 
application of the limitation of the Issuer's obligations set out in Condition 8(i) of 
the Guaranteed Notes Condition 9(i) of the Guaranteed Warrants or Condition 9(i) 
of the Guaranteed Certificates, as the case may be. 
(c) 
The Guaranteed Obligations shall not be deemed limited to the same extent as such 
sum or obligation due by the Issuer is itself limited by (i) the provisions of the 
Securitisation Act 2004 and (ii) the applicable Conditions, including, without 
limitation, (a) those Conditions relating to the applicable redemption amount or 
termination amount (which amount may be limited to the liquidation proceeds of 
the Charged Assets of the Compartment relating to such Security) and (b) those 
Conditions relating to Compartments, limited recourse, non-petition, subordination 
and priority of payments in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Security.  
2.
SUBROGATION OF THE GUARANTOR
The Guarantor will be fully and automatically subrogated to all rights of the holders of the 
Guaranteed Securities and the Trustee to payments of the Guaranteed Obligations, and to any rights 
appurtenant thereto, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law to the extent of such payment 
in respect of amounts due in respect of the Securities which have been paid by the Guarantor under 
this Guarantee; provided that the Guarantor shall not without the consent of the Trustee be entitled 
to enforce or to receive any payments arising out of or based upon or prove in any insolvency or 
winding up of the Issuer in respect of such right of subrogation until such time as all Guaranteed 
Obligations due under this Guarantee have been paid in full. 
3.
THE GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL OBLIGOR
As between the Guarantor and the Trustee but without affecting the Issuer's obligations, the 
Guarantor will be liable under this Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely 
a surety provided that (i) the Issuer has failed to satisfy its obligations as and when they become due 
without regard to the limitations on the Issuer's obligations as set out in clause 1(c) (above), (ii) the 
Charged Assets have been realised or liquidated in full in the manner set out in Condition 12 of the 
Guaranteed Notes, Condition 13 of the Guaranteed Warrants, or Condition 14 of the Guaranteed 
Certificates, as the case may be, and (iii) a demand has been made on the Guarantor pursuant to 
clause 9 hereof. Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will its liability be affected, by anything 
which would not discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole principal obligor (including (1) 
any time, indulgence, waiver or consent at any time given to the Issuer or any other person, (2) any

--- Page 1295 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1295 - 
amendment to any of the Conditions or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (3) the 
release of any such security, guarantee or indemnity or (4) the dissolution, amalgamation, 
reconstruction or reorganisation of the Issuer or any other person). 
4.
THE GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING
The Guarantor's obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full force and effect by way 
of continuing security until no Shortfall Amount remains payable in respect of any Guaranteed 
Security. Furthermore, those obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, any 
security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of any person, whether from 
the Guarantor or otherwise.   
5.
STATUS
This Guarantee is a senior preferred obligation (within the meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of 
the French Code monétaire et financier) and an unsecured obligation of BNP Paribas SA and will 
rank pari passu with all its other present and future senior preferred and unsecured obligations subject 
to such exceptions as may from time to time be mandatory under French law. 
6.
DISCHARGE BY THE ISSUER
If any payment received by, or to the order of, the holder of any Guaranteed Security is, on the 
subsequent bankruptcy or insolvency of the Issuer, avoided under any laws relating to bankruptcy 
or insolvency, such payment or obligation will not be considered as having discharged or diminished 
the liability of the Guarantor and this Guarantee will continue to apply in respect of any relevant 
Shortfall Amount as if such payment had at all times remained owing due by the Issuer. 
7.
RESOLUTION PROCEEDINGS AGAINST THE GUARANTOR
By its acquisition of the Securities, each Holder (which, for the purposes of this clause 7, includes 
any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Securities) acknowledges, accepts, consents 
and agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power (as defined 
below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) if the latter was to consider 
that the Amounts Due fall within the scope of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power. This 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities 
or other obligations of the Guarantor or another person (and the issue to the Holder 
of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of this Guarantee, in which case the Holder 
agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under this Guarantee any such shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Guarantor or another person; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of this Guarantee; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the term of this Guarantee, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
if applicable, that the terms of this Guarantee are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, 
to give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority. 
For these purposes, the "Amounts Due" are the amounts payable under this Guarantee.

--- Page 1296 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1296 - 
The "Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power" is any power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended 
from time to time), including without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 
20 August 2015 (Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit 
de l'Union européenne en matière financière) (as amended from time to time) ratified by the Law 
n°2016-1691 of 9 December 2016 relating to transparency, the fight against corruption and the 
modernisation of economic life (Loi no. 2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, 
à la lutte contre la corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique) (as amended from time 
to time, this ordinance was ratified by the Law n°2016-1691), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of 
a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 dated 20 May 
2019, the "Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation"), or otherwise arising under French law, and 
in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which the 
obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be reduced (in part 
or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified in any way, or 
securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be converted into 
shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, whether 
in connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution. 
A reference to a "Regulated Entity" is any entity referred to in Section 1 of Article L.613-34 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and 
certain of their parent or holding companies established in France. 
A reference to the "Relevant Resolution Authority" is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation, and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-
in or Loss Absorption Power against the Guarantor from time to time (including the Council of the 
European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
The matters set forth in this clause 7 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion 
of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Guarantor and any Holder.
8.
INCORPORATION OF TERMS
The Guarantor agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions contained in the 
Conditions which relate to it.  
9.
DEMAND ON THE GUARANTOR
Any demand hereunder shall be given in writing addressed to the Guarantor served at its office at 
Legal CIB, 3 rue Taitbout, 75009 Paris, France. A demand so made shall be deemed to have been 
duly made two Paris Business Days (as used herein, "Paris Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Paris) after the day it was served or 
if it was served on a day that was not a Paris Business Day or after 5.30 p.m. (Paris time) on any 
day, the demand shall be deemed to be duly made two Paris Business Days after the Paris Business 
Day immediately following such day. 
10.
DEPOSIT OF GUARANTEE
This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the 
Holders.

--- Page 1297 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
- 1297 - 
11.
GOVERNING LAW
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
12.
JURISDICTION
The courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may, directly or 
indirectly, arise out of or in connection with this Guarantee including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith and accordingly the Guarantor 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts to hear all suits, actions or proceedings 
relating to any such dispute. The Guarantor waives any objection to the courts of England on the 
grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum.  
13.
SERVICE OF PROCESS 
The Guarantor agrees that service of process in England may be made on it at its London branch, at 
10 Harewood Avenue, London NW1 6AA (Attn: CIB Legal).  Nothing in this Guarantee shall affect 
the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
14.
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been executed and delivered by BNP Paribas S.A. as a deed on 
the date first above-mentioned. 
Executed and delivered as a Deed 
By BNP PARIBAS S.A.  
) 
acting by 
) 
acting under the authority 
) 
of that company  
) 
Witness's signature: 
Name: 
Address:"

--- Page 1298 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
- 1298 - 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
Information relating to the Issuer 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme) with unlimited duration on 23 January 2009 under the name SecurAsset S.A. 
("SecurAsset") and is registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 144385. 
The Articles of the Issuer were filed with the Luxembourg trade and companies register and published in the 
Mémorial C, Recueil des Sociétés et Associations n°372 of 19 February 2009, on page 17839. The Issuer was 
established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities.  
The Issuer is a company incorporated with limited liability (société anonyme) under the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg as a securitisation company (société de titrisation) within the meaning of, and 
governed by, the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended (the "Securitisation Act 2004"), having 
its registered office at 20, rue de la Poste, Luxembourg L-2346.  The telephone number of the Issuer is +352 
47 23 23 355 and the fax number of the Issuer is +352 47 24 73.  
The share capital of the Issuer is EUR 31,000 divided into 3,100 shares in registered form (the "Issuer 
Shares"), all of which are fully paid. Each Issuer Share is entitled to one vote.  All the shares in the Issuer 
are held by Stichting AssetSecur, a foundation duly incorporated under the laws of The Netherlands, having 
its registered office at Naritaweg 165 Telestone 8, 1043BW Amsterdam, The Netherlands and registered with 
the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam under number 34322925.  The Issuer is 
managed by the Board.  The members of the Board are appointed by the shareholder of the Issuer.  The Issuer 
has no subsidiaries. 
Corporate Purpose 
Pursuant to Article 4 of its Articles of Association, the Issuer has as its business purpose to enter into, perform 
and serve as a vehicle for, any transactions permitted under the Securitisation Act 2004. The Issuer may issue 
securities of any nature and in any currency and, to the fullest extent permitted by the Securitisation Act 
2004, pledge, mortgage or charge or otherwise create security interests in and over its assets, property and 
rights to secure its obligations. The Issuer may enter into any agreement and perform any action necessary 
or useful for the purpose of carrying out transactions permitted under the Securitisation Act 2004, including, 
without limitation, disposing of its assets in accordance with the relevant agreements. The Issuer may only 
carry out the above activities if and to the extent that they are compatible with the Securitisation Act 2004. 
Compartments 
The Board of the Issuer may, in accordance with the terms of the Securitisation Act 2004, create individual 
Compartments. Each Compartment will correspond to a distinct and separate part of the assets and liabilities 
in respect of the Issuer. The resolution of the Board creating one or more Compartments, as well as any 
subsequent amendments thereto, will be binding as of the date of such resolution against any third party. 
Each series of Securities will be issued through a separate Compartment and each such Compartment will be 
treated as a separate entity. Rights of Holders of Securities and any other creditor of the Issuer that (i) have 
been designated as relating to a Compartment on the creation of a Compartment or (ii) have arisen in 
connection with the creation, the operation or the liquidation of a Compartment, are strictly limited to the 
assets of that Compartment which shall be exclusively available to satisfy such Holders of Securities or 
creditors, unless otherwise provided for in the resolution of the Board which created the relevant 
Compartment. Holders of Securities and other creditors of the Issuer whose rights are not related to a specific 
Compartment of the Issuer shall have no rights to the assets of any such Compartment.

--- Page 1299 ---
DESCRIPTION OF ISSUER 
- 1299 - 
Unless otherwise provided for in the resolution of the Board creating such Compartment, no resolution of the 
Board may amend the resolution creating such Compartment or directly affect the rights of the Holders of 
Securities or creditors whose rights relate to such Compartment without the prior approval of all of the 
Holders of Securities and other creditors whose rights relate to such Compartment. Any decision of the Board 
taken in breach of this provision shall be void. 
Without prejudice to the preceding paragraph, each Compartment may be separately liquidated without such 
liquidation resulting in the liquidation of another Compartment of the Issuer or of the Issuer itself. 
The liabilities and obligations of the Issuer incurred or arising in connection with a Compartment and all 
matters connected therewith will only be satisfied or discharged from the Charged Assets. The Charged 
Assets will be exclusively available to satisfy the rights of the Holders of Securities and the other creditors 
of the Issuer in respect of the Securities and all matters connected therewith, as provided therein, and (subject 
to mandatory law) no other creditors of the Issuer will have any recourse against the Charged Assets of the 
Issuer. 
Insolvency proceedings 
Under Luxembourg law, a company is insolvent (en faillite) when it is unable to meet its current liabilities 
and when its creditworthiness is impaired. The Issuer can be declared bankrupt upon petition by a creditor of 
the Issuer or at the initiative of the court or at the request of the Issuer in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of Luxembourg insolvency law. If granted, the Luxembourg court will appoint a bankruptcy 
trustee (curateur) who shall be obliged to take such action as he deems to be in the best interests of the Issuer 
and of all creditors of the Issuer.  In the event of the insolvency of the Issuer, certain preferred creditors of 
the Issuer (including the Luxembourg tax authorities) may have a priority that ranks senior to the rights of 
the Secured Parties (including Holders of Securities) in such circumstances. Other insolvency proceedings 
under Luxembourg law include controlled management and moratorium of payments (gestion controlée et 
sursis de paiement) of the Issuer, composition proceedings (concordat) and judicial liquidation proceedings 
(liquidation judicaire). 
Issuer authorised by the CSSF 
The Issuer is a securitisation company authorised and supervised by the CSSF pursuant to the Securitisation 
Act 2004. The Issuer is deemed to qualify as a securitisation undertaking which will issue securities to the 
public on a continuous basis. According to the CSSF's current administrative practice, more than three issues 
per year is to be regarded as being "on a continuous basis".  
The CSSF has approved, on 5 February 2009, the Articles of the Issuer and the Issuer has been entered on 6 
February 2009 into the official list by the CSSF which was published on 6 February 2009. 
The CSSF has been informed of the subsequent members of the Board of the Issuer and its sole shareholder. 
The Issuer has also provided the CSSF with copies of the final form of each of the Master Trust Terms, 
Dealer Agreement, Agency Agreement and this Base Prospectus, a copy of the financial information prepared 
by the Issuer and a copy of the opening financial statements certified by the Issuer's auditor.  
The Securitisation Act 2004 empowers the CSSF to continuously supervise the Issuer and to comprehensively 
examine anything which may affect the interests of the Holders of Securities. For example, the CSSF may 
request regular interim reports on the status of the Issuer's assets and proceeds therefrom as well as any other 
documents relating to the operation of the Issuer, and may, under certain conditions, withdraw the 
authorisation of the Issuer. 
The Issuer is obliged to provide information to the CSSF on a semi-annual basis with respect to new issues 
of Securities, outstanding issues of Securities and issues of Securities that have been redeemed during the 
period under review. In connection therewith the nominal value of each issue of Securities, the type of 
securitisation and the investor profile must be reported.

--- Page 1300 ---
DESCRIPTION OF ISSUER 
- 1300 - 
Capitalisation 
The following table sets out the capitalisation of the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
SHAREHOLDERS' FUNDS:
SHARE CAPITAL (Issuer Shares)  
EUR 31,000 
TOTAL CAPITALISATION
EUR 31,000 
Indebtedness 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has no material indebtedness, contingent liabilities and/or 
guarantees other than that which the Issuer has incurred or shall incur in relation to the transactions 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus. 
Administration, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Director 
Business address 
Damien Nussbaum 
20, rue de la Poste, Luxembourg L-2346 
Catherine Noens 
20, rue de la Poste, Luxembourg L-2346 
Pierre Harpes 
50, avenue J.F. Kennedy, Luxembourg L-2951  
Each of the directors confirms that there is no conflict of interest between his duties as a director of the Issuer 
and his principal and/or other outside activities.   
Citco C&T (Luxembourg) S.A., a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the 
laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 20, rue de la Poste, Luxembourg L-
2346 ("Citco") registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 139857, acts 
as corporate services agent and the domiciliation agent of the Issuer (the "Corporate Services Agent").  
Pursuant to the terms of the management and administration agreement and the domiciliary agent agreement 
each effective 23 January 2009 and entered into between the Corporate Services Agent and the Issuer, the 
Corporate Services Agent will perform in Luxembourg certain administrative and corporate and domiciliary 
agent services.  In consideration of the foregoing, the Corporate Services Agent will receive an annual fee as 
agreed with the Issuer.  The appointment of the Corporate Services Agent may be terminated, in principle, 
by either the Issuer or the Corporate Services Agent upon not less than 90 calendar days' prior notice. 
No corporate governance regime to which the Issuer would be subject exists in Luxembourg as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus.   
Financial Statements
The financial year of the Issuer is the calendar year save that the first financial year was from the date of 
incorporation to 31 December 2009. The Issuer filed with the Luxembourg trade and companies register its 
audited accounts in respect of the financial year ending on 31 December 2015, on 29 April 2016, its audited 
accounts in respect of the financial year ending on 31 December 2017, on 27 April 2018; its audited accounts 
in respect of the financial year ending on 31 December 2018, on 27 March 2019; its audited accounts in 
respect of the financial year ending on 31 December 2019, on 27 April 2020, its audited accounts in respect 
of the financial year ending on 31 December 2020, on 29 April 2021 and its audited accounts in respect of 
the financial year ending on 31 December 2021, on 29 April 2022.

--- Page 1301 ---
DESCRIPTION OF ISSUER 
- 1301 - 
In accordance with articles 461-1, 461-7 and 461-8 of the Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended, the Issuer is obliged to publish its annual accounts on an annual basis 
following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of the shareholders.  The ordinary 
general meeting of shareholders takes place annually on 31 May or, if such day is not a business day, the 
next following business day in Luxembourg at 10.00 a.m., at the registered office of the Issuer or at such 
other place in Luxembourg as may be specified in the convening notice. 
Any future published audited annual accounts prepared for the Issuer will be obtainable free of charge from 
the specified office of the Paying Agents and the Issuer, as described in "General Information". 
Selected Financial Information   
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer had total assets and total liabilities of euro 2,238,108,251.29 . For the 
financial year ending 31 December 2021, the Issuer had total charges of euro 172,133,758.79 and total 
income of euro 172,126,195.92. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer had total assets and total combined 
capital, reserves and liabilities of euro 2,232,517,336.28. For the financial year ending 31 December 2020, 
the Issuer had total charges of euro 99,686,180.34 and total income of euro 99,682,210.89.  
Independent Auditors  
The external auditors (réviseurs d'entreprises agréés) of the Issuer for the period covered by the historical 
financial information in this prospectus, up to 31 December 2021, was PricewaterhouseCoopers, a société 
cooperative with registered office at 2, rue Gerhard Mercator, B.P. 1443, L-1014 Luxembourg, a member of 
the Luxembourg institute of auditors (Instituts des réviseur d'entreprises) and an accountancy firm authorised 
to carry on business in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg by the CSSF (the "Auditor"). The Auditor was re-
appointed as the external auditors by the board of directors of the Issuer on 29 April 2022.  The Auditor has 
no material interest in the Issuer.

--- Page 1302 ---
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO BNP PARIBAS 
- 1302 - 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO BNP PARIBAS 
Set out below is selected financial information relating to BNP Paribas. Further information relating to BNP 
Paribas can be found in the BNP Paribas Disclosure. The selected financial information set out below must 
be read and considered with this Base Prospectus as a whole, including the documents incorporated by 
reference herein.
Selected Comparative Annual Financial Data- In millions of EUR
31/12/2021 
(Audited) 
31/12/2020 
(Audited) 
Revenues 
46,235 
44,275 
Cost of risk 
(2,925) 
(5,717) 
Net income, Group share 
9,488 
7,067 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Basel 3 fully loaded, CRD4) 
12.9% 
12.8% 
Total consolidated balance sheet 
2,634,444 
2,488,491 
Consolidated loans and receivables due from customers 
814,000 
809,533 
Consolidated items due to customers 
957,684 
940,991 
Shareholders’ equity (Group share) 
117,886 
112,799 
Selected Comparative Unaudited Interim Financial Data for the six-month period ended 30 June 2022 
– In millions of EUR 
1H22 
(unaudited) 
1H21 
(unaudited) 
Revenues 
24,690 
22,364 
Cost of risk 
(1,410) 
(1,707) 
Net income, Group share 
5,285 
4,679 
31/03/2021 
31/12/2021 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Basel 3 fully loaded, CRD4) 
12.2% 
12.9% 
30/06/2022 
(unaudited)
31/12/2021 
(audited)
Total consolidated balance sheet 
2,891,007 
2,634,444 
Consolidated loans and receivables due from customers 
885,044 
814,000 
Consolidated items due to customers 
1,008,661 
957,684 
Shareholders’ equity (Group share) 
115,945 
117,886

--- Page 1303 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS ARBITRAGE S.N.C. 
- 1303 - 
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS ARBITRAGE S.N.C.
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas S.A..  It is involved in dealing  
in financial instruments including derivatives and in stock borrowing and lending, receiving and transmitting 
orders for third parties, placement, underwriting and investment advice. BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C is 
regulated by the French Prudential Supervision and Resolution Authority ("ACPR") in France under the 
Monetary and Financial Code ( Code Monétaire et Financier) and the Autorité des Marchés Financiers 
("AMF"). The AMF is an independent public body, which remit is to safeguard investments in financial 
instruments and in all other savings and investment vehicles, ensure that investors receive material 
information and maintain orderly financial markets. It trades, on the main international financial markets and,  
is especially a major dealer in equities on U.S., French, British, Swiss, German, Dutch, Belgian, Italian and 
Spanish stock exchanges. 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is organised as a French partnership Société en Nom Collectif (S.N.C.), with 
capital of EUR 367,316,368 composed of 530,804  shares of EUR 692 each. BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
is domiciled in France, its registered office is located at 1 rue Laffitte 75009 Paris  (France) and it is registered 
with the Registry of Commerce and Companies of Paris under the number 394 895 833. 
The capital of BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is held by three partners (associés): 
TAITBOUT PARTICIPATION 3, Société en Nom Collectif, whose registered office is located at 1 Boulevard 
Haussmann - 75009 Paris (France), registered with the Registry of Commerce and Companies of Paris under 
the number 433 912 250, holds 530,802 shares of BNP Paribas Arbitrage; 
BNP PARIBAS, Société Anonyme, whose registered office is located at 16 boulevard des Italiens 75009 Paris 
(France), registered with the Registry of Commerce and Companies of Paris under the number 662 042 449, 
holds one share of BNP Paribas Arbitrage; and 
Société ANTIN PARTICIPATION 5, Société par Actions Simplifiée, whose registered office is located at 1 
Boulevard Haussmann - 75009 Paris (France), registered with the Registry of Commerce and Companies of 
Paris under the number 433 891 678, holds one share of BNP Paribas Arbitrage. 
Sociétés en Nom Collectif are governed by articles L221-1 to L221-17 of the Code of Commerce, related to 
commercial companies. Article L221-1 expressly states that the partners of a S.N.C. are indefinitely, jointly 
and severally liable for the debts of the S.N.C. This joint and several obligation exists for each partner of the 
S.N.C., whatever the amount of the S.N.C.'s capital such partner holds, so that each creditor of a S.N.C. may 
require from any of the partners of such S.N.C. the payment of the aggregate amount of its debt against the 
S.N.C.  This obligation is attached by law to the qualification of a person as a partner of a S.N.C.  Thus, in 
the event BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is in default in the performance of any of its obligations toward a 
third party, its partners will be liable towards such third party as if its partners had directly underwritten such 
an obligation. 
 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
The managers (Gérants) of BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. are BNP Paribas, whose permanent representative 
(Représentant Permanent du Gérant) is Mr Jacques Vigner, and Taitbout Participation 3 S.N.C whose 
permanent representative (Représentant Permanent du Gérant) is Mr François Demon. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. of BNP 
Paribas and its other duties or interests. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is directly and indirectly wholly owned and controlled by BNP Paribas.

--- Page 1304 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS ARBITRAGE S.N.C. 
- 1304 - 
There are no arrangements, known to BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C., the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.

--- Page 1305 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
- 1305 - 
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV  
The information contained in this section relates to and has been obtained from BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
("BNP Paribas Fortis"). The information concerning BNP Paribas Fortis contained herein is furnished 
solely to provide limited introductory information regarding BNP Paribas Fortis and does not purport to 
be exhaustive. 
The delivery of information contained in this section shall not create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of BNP Paribas Fortis since the date hereof, or that the information contained or 
referred to in this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date.  
BNP Paribas Fortis, incorporated in Belgium on 5 December 1934, is a public company with limited liability 
(naamloze vennootschap/société anonyme) under Belgian law. The registered office of the company is 
located at rue Montagne du Parc 3, 1000 Brussels, Belgium where its headquarters are based (telephone 
number: +322 433 4131 (for French speakers) or +322 433 3134 (for Dutch speakers)). BNP Paribas Fortis 
has been established for an indefinite period. 
As stated in article 3 of its Articles of Association, BNP Paribas Fortis's purpose is to undertake all and any 
business consistent with its status as a credit institution. It may also carry out  any other operations or 
transactions that are directly or indirectly connected with its objects or conducive to their attainment. BNP 
Paribas Fortis may hold interests in partnerships and companies  within the limits of the law relating to credit 
institutions.  
BNP Paribas Fortis is registered in the Register of Legal Entities of Brussels under the number 
0403.199.702.In Belgium, BNP Paribas Fortis is subject to supervision by the ECB, the prudential authority 
of the National Bank of Belgium ("NBB") and the market authority of the Belgian Financial Services and 
Markets Authority ("Belgian FSMA"). 
BNP Paribas Fortis is owned for 99.94 per cent. by BNP Paribas SA and for 0.06 per cent. by minority 
shareholders. 
BNP Paribas Fortis holds stakes in a range of subsidiaries (subsidiaries are those companies whose financial 
and operating policies BNP Paribas Fortis, directly or indirectly, has the power to govern so as to obtain 
benefits from its activities), the most important of which are: 
Name of subsidiary 
Country of incorporation or 
residence 
Proportion of ownership interest 
held and, if different, proportion 
of voting power held (directly and 
indirectly) 
Bpost Bank N.V./S.A. 
Belgium 
100% 
BGL BNP Paribas SA 
Luxembourg 
50% + 1 share 
Turk Ekonomi Bankası A.S. 
("TEB") *
Turkey 
48.72% 
TEB Holdings A.S. (a joint 
venture with the Colacoglu 
Group which holds 55 % of 
TEB’s share capital) *
Turkey 
50% 
Arval Service Lease S.A. 
France 
100%

--- Page 1306 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
- 1306 - 
AG Insurance 
Belgium 
25% + 1 share 
BNP Paribas Bank Polska 
Poland 
24.07% 
BNP 
Paribas 
Asset 
Management Holding 
France 
30.90% 
* Participation via SPV BNP Paribas Fortis Yatirimlar Holding A.S. (99.99% owned by BNP Paribas Fortis). 
BNP Paribas Fortis 2021 Financial Results 
The consolidated net income attributable to equity holders in 2021 amounted to EUR 2,593 million, up by 
+38.6 per cent. compared to 2020. When excluding non-recurrent items (related mainly to the depreciation 
of the Turkish lira, the scope changes, the one-off results of BNP Paribas Asset Management, the impairment 
of the equity-method investment in Bpost bank in Q4 2020 and a real estate capital gain in the results of 
Belgium in 2021), the underlying variance year on year showed an increase of +29.5 per cent*.. 
The below analysis focuses on this underlying variance year on year (excluding non-recurrent items). 
Strong results with a positive evolution in Belgium and an excellent performance of subsidiaries 
Revenues amounted to EUR 8,412 million, up 7.5 per cent. compared to 2020. 
• 
In Belgium131 , revenues increased by 4.3 per cent.*, despite the impact of the low interest rate 
environment, as a consequence of Belgian retail banking activities, supported by the growth of 
customer loans, a sharp increase in fee income driven by strong development of investments, a 
strong contribution from the private equity business and corporate and institutional banking's 
lending activity. 
• 
In other activities, revenues increased by 11.0 per cent.*, driven by the continued development of 
activities in Other Domestic Markets (Arval and Leasing Solutions) and at Personal Finance (Alpha 
Crédit), with a very strong rebound in production and a continued rise of prices of second-hand 
vehicles for Arval where the revenue increase was very strong. In Turkey, the increase of revenues 
was mainly supported by the growth of customer loans and the higher commission income. 
Costs amounted to EUR 4,577 million, increasing by 2.7 per cent.* compared to 2020.  
• 
In Belgium, costs decreased by -1.2 per cent.*, reflecting the impact of the measures taken to 
continue improving the efficiency, including the ongoing industrialisation of BNPPF's operational 
processes, further branch network adaptations and a reduction in headcount, partly offset by 
inflation and higher banking taxes.  
• 
In other activities, costs increased by 8.0 per cent.* mainly in support of the growth of activities in 
other domestic markets, IT developments, banking taxes in Luxembourg and the impact of inflation 
in Turkey.  
Gross operating income increased by 14.0 per cent.* to EUR 3,835 million. The consolidated cost / income 
ratio132 improved at 54.4 per cent., compared to 57.5 per cent. in 2020. In Belgium, the ratio was further 
materially reduced from 63.5 per cent. in 2020 to 59.5 per cent.  
131
Belgium includes Belgian Retail Banking and Corporate & Institutional Banking. 
132
The cost income ratio is calculated by dividing the total operating expenses and depreciation (absolute value) by the total revenues 
(the net banking income), without excluding the non-recurrent items.

--- Page 1307 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNP PARIBAS FORTIS SA/NV 
- 1307 - 
Cost of risk amounted to EUR 359 million, decreasing by -15 basis points compared to a high basis in 2020, 
driven by overall lower provisions on non-performing loans (stage 3) and performing loans (stages 1 & 2). 
Cost of risk has returned to a normal level of 17 basis points.  
• 
In Belgium, the cost of risk was lower (9 basis points compared to 21 basis points in 2020), with a 
decrease of provisions on both non-performing and performing loans, compared to a high basis in 
2020, impacted by one specific item and the health crisis. 
• 
In most other activities, there was an overall decrease of the cost of risk with lower provisions on 
both non-performing and performing loans. At Arval and in Turkey, the overall decrease was partly 
offset by the strong volume growth and the corresponding increase of provisions on performing 
loans.  
The share of earnings of equity-method entities was up by 18.8 per cent.*, at EUR 322 million, mainly 
due to higher contributions from BNP Paribas Asset Management and AG Insurance. The contribution from 
BNP Paribas Bank Polska was lower than last year, impacted by a non-recurring item.  
The net income attributable to equity holders of EUR 2,593 million increased by +29.5 per cent.* 
compared to 2020. 
Financial structure  
The consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 342 billion as at 31 December 2021, an increase of EUR 7 
billion or 2 per cent. compared to the end of 2020. 
The consolidated Common Equity Tier 1 ratio stood at 18.0 per cent. (compared to 15.9 per cent. as of 31 
December 2020), well above the regulatory threshold.  
The non-consolidated Liquidity Coverage Ratio stood at 192 per cent. (compared to 191 per cent. as of 31 
December 2020), well above the regulatory threshold of 100 per cent. 
(*) Excluding non-recurrent items, i.e. at constant scope, constant exchange rates, and excluding other one-
off results.

--- Page 1308 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
- 1308 - 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, for the purposes of this section, the 
"Clearing Systems") currently in effect.  The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems 
has been obtained from sources that the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) believe to be reliable, but 
none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy 
thereof Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System.  None of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) nor any other party to the Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Securities held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.   
Book-entry Systems 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account 
holders.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing.  Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depositary and custodial relationships.  Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective 
participants may settle trades with each other.   
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system.   
Transfers of Securities represented by Registered Global Notes and Registered Global Warrants 
respectively 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Registered Global Note, interests in Warrants represented 
by a Registered Global Warrant or interests in Certificates represented by a Registered Global Certificate 
within Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and 
operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have each published rules and operating procedures designed to 
facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes, Registered Global Warrants and 
Registered Global Certificates among participants and accountholders of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear.  However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and 
such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time.  None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable), the Agents or any Dealer will be responsible for any performance by Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations 
under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any liability for any 
aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented 
by Registered Global Notes, in the Warrants represented by Registered Global Warrants or in the Certificates 
represented by Registered Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial interests.

--- Page 1309 ---
TAXATION 
- 1309 - 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Luxembourg, France, Italy and 
Belgium, as applicable, as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law and/or 
interpretation thereof (potentially with retroactive effect).  The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, 
own or dispose of the Securities and it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice.  Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Securities should consult its tax adviser as to the 
effect of the state, local or foreign laws, including the tax laws of Luxembourg, France, Italy and Belgium, 
as applicable, of any investment in or ownership and disposal of the Securities. 
The following statements regarding taxation may be modified by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
following a change in the relevant law, regulation or directive and in certain other circumstances as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).  Any such modification will be set out in a Supplement 
to this Base Prospectus and (if applicable) the syndication agreement in respect of the Series (and/or 
Tranche, as the case may be) to which it is related.
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer's country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from 
the Securities. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of Securities should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp 
and other taxes or documentary charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country 
where the Securities are transferred and/or any asset(s) are delivered. 
1. 
THE EU FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
Commission's proposal"), for a financial transaction tax ("FTT") to be adopted in certain participating EU 
member states (including Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. If the Commission's 
proposal was adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which could include the 
Issuer) in relation to "financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or modification of 
derivative contracts and the purchase and sale of financial instruments). 
Under the Commission's proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating member states. Generally, it would apply where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating member state. A financial institution may 
be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating member state in a broad range of circumstances, 
including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating member state or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the financial transaction is issued in a participating member state. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is adopted based 
on the Commission's proposal.  Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a derivative contract in 
the context of the Issuer's hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale of securities (such as charged assets) 
or the exercise/settlement of a warrant.  The Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass on any such tax 
liabilities to holders of the Securities and therefore this may result in investors receiving less than expected 
in respect of the Securities.  It should also be noted that the FTT could be payable in relation to relevant 
transactions by investors in respect of the Securities (including secondary market transactions) if conditions 
for a charge to arise are satisfied and the FTT is adopted based on the Commission's proposal. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. There is

--- Page 1310 ---
TAXATION 
- 1310 - 
however some uncertainty in relation to the intended scope of this exemption for certain money market 
instruments and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating member states. Additional 
EU member states may decide to participate and/or participating member states may decide to withdraw. It 
may therefore be altered prior to the implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Prospective 
holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
At the ECOFIN Council meeting of 14 June 2019, a state of play of the work on the FTT was presented on 
the basis of a note prepared by Germany on 7 June 2019 indicating a consensus among the participating 
member states (excluding Estonia) to continue negotiations on the basis of a joint French-German proposal 
based on the French financial transactions tax model which in principle would only concern shares of listed 
companies whose head office is in a member state of the European Union. However, such proposal is still 
subject to change until a final approval. 
2. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
Withholding Tax  
(a)
Non-resident Holders of Securities  
Under Luxembourg general tax law currently in force there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or non-profit participating interest made to non-resident Holders of Securities, nor 
on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax 
payable upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Securities held by non-resident Holders of 
Securities. 
(b)
Resident Holders of Securities
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 
mentioned below (as amended), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or non-
profit participating interest made to Luxembourg resident Holders of Securities, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Securities held by Luxembourg resident Holders of Securities. 
Under the law of 23 December 2005, as amended, payments of interest or similar income made or 
ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to or for the benefit of an individual beneficial 
owner who is resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such 
withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in 
the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax 
will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Securities coming 
within the scope of the law of 23 December 2005, as amended would be subject to withholding tax of 
20 per cent. Individuals beneficial owners resident in Luxembourg may opt for a final withholding of 
20 per cent. on eligible interest income received from a paying agent established in an EU Member State 
or an EEA State (Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway). 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
A holder of the Securities who derives income from such Securities or who realises a gain on the disposal or 
redemption thereof will not be subject to Luxembourg taxation on such income or capital gains unless:

--- Page 1311 ---
TAXATION 
- 1311 - 
(a) such holder is, or is deemed to be, resident in Luxembourg for the purposes of the relevant provisions; 
or 
(b) such income or gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a permanent 
establishment, a permanent representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg net wealth tax will not be levied on the Securities unless: 
(a) the holder of Securities is a company resident in Luxembourg for the purpose of the relevant legal 
provisions, except under certain circumstances, if the holder of the Securities is governed by (i) the 
law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as further amended, or (ii) the 
law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation or (iii) the law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company 
in risk capital or (iv) the law of 11 May 2007 on the Société de Gestion de Patrimoine Familial or 
(v) Law of 13 February 2007 relating to specialised investment funds, as further amended, or (vi) 
the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds; or 
(b) such Securities are attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is carried on through a 
permanent establishment, a permanent representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg. 
To note that companies governed by (i) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation vehicles, or (ii) the law 
of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital or (iii) the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment fund which are established under the form of an investment company in risk capital, 
are subject to a minimum net wealth tax, the amount of which depends on the size and composition of the 
balance sheet (i.e. a fixed amount of EUR 4,815 for companies having a balance sheet total of at least EUR 
350,000 and composed of at least 90% financial fixed assets or a progressive minimum  net wealth tax ranging 
from EUR 535 to EUR  32,100, depending on the size of their balance sheet). 
Individual holder of Securities, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Securities.
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
Where the Securities are transferred for no consideration, note in particular that: 
(a) 
no Luxembourg inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of the Securities upon death of a holder of 
the Securities in cases where the deceased holder was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance 
tax purposes; and 
(b) 
Luxembourg gift tax will be levied on the transfer of the Securities by way of a gift by the holder of 
the Securities, as applicable, if this gift is registered in Luxembourg. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Luxembourg value-added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration of the issue of the 
Securities or in respect of payments of interest or principal under the Securities or the transfer of the 
Securities, provided that Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged 
for certain services rendered to the Issuer, if such services are rendered, or are deemed to be rendered, in 
Luxembourg and an exemption from value added tax does not apply with respect to such services. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, capital tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in 
Luxembourg in respect of or in connection with the issue of the Securities or in respect of the payment of

--- Page 1312 ---
TAXATION 
- 1312 - 
principal or interest under the Securities or the transfer of the Securities. If any documents in respect of the 
Securities are registered in Luxembourg, they could be subject to registration duty. 
Residence 
A holder of the Securities will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg by reason only 
of the holding of such Securities or the execution, performance, delivery and/or enforcement of that or any 
other Securities. 
3. 
FRENCH TAXATION 
French tax implications for the French resident Noteholders or holders of Certificates constituting 
debt instruments for French tax purposes 
Once a French income tax resident has purchased Notes or applicable Certificates qualifying as debt 
instruments for French tax purposes, the French income tax consequences of the holding, conversion, and 
disposal of such Notes or Certificates, as the case may be, by such French tax resident Noteholder or 
Certificateholder would be as follows: 
(i)
Tax consequences of the holding of Notes or applicable Certificates by a French tax resident 
Noteholder or Certificateholder 
(i) 
With respect to French individual tax residents 
Interest and assimilated income paid by the Issuer of Notes or Certificates to a French individual tax 
resident Noteholder or Certificateholder:  
(1) 
would normally be subject to a flat tax at a global rate of 30 per cent., including French 
individual income tax at a flat rate of 12.8 per cent. and social contributions at an aggregate 
rate of 17.2 per cent. (excluding any exceptional contribution to income tax at a rate of up 
to 4% that may be assessed in respect of individuals with taxable income over €250,000); 
or  
(2) 
may be subject, upon election of the French individual tax resident Noteholder or 
Certificateholder, as the case may be, to the progressive rates of French individual income 
tax (with a maximum tax rate amounting to 45 per cent. excluding any exceptional 
contribution to income tax at a rate of up to 4% that may be assessed in respect of individuals 
with taxable income over €250,000). In addition, such interest and assimilated income 
would also be subject to social contributions amounting to 17.2 per cent. 
Where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A, 
I of the French Code général des impôts, and subject to certain exceptions, interest and other income 
received by individuals who are tax residents (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 
per cent. levy withheld at source, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in 
respect of the year in which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and other 
related contributions) are also levied by way of withholding at an aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. on 
such interest and other income received by individuals who are tax residents (domiciliés fiscalement) 
in France. 
(ii) 
With respect to French corporate tax residents 
Interest and assimilated income accruing on Notes or Certificates to a Noteholder or 
Certificateholder subject to French corporate income tax would be subject to (i) French corporate 
income tax at the ordinary rate of 25 per cent. , and (ii) the 3.3 per cent. additional social contribution 
on French corporate income tax, if applicable.

--- Page 1313 ---
TAXATION 
- 1313 - 
(ii)
Tax consequences of the conversion of Notes or applicable Certificates by a French tax resident 
Noteholder or Certificateholder 
The conversion of Notes or applicable Certificates into newly issued instruments by a French individual or 
corporate tax resident Noteholder or Certificateholder would not have any French individual or corporate 
income tax consequences. 
(iii) 
Tax consequences of the disposal of Notes or applicable Certificates by a French tax resident 
Noteholder or Certificateholder 
(i) 
With respect to French individual tax residents 
Any capital gain realised upon disposal of Notes or Certificates (or of shares resulting from 
the conversion of such Notes or Certificates) by a French individual tax resident Noteholder 
or Certificateholder, as the case may be (assuming that such capital gain would not be 
attributable to an enterprise carried on by the French income tax resident subject to French 
individual income tax): 
(1)  
would be subject to a flat tax at a global rate of 30 per cent., including French individual 
income tax at a flat rate of 12.8 per cent. and social contributions at an aggregate flat rate of 
17.2 per cent. (excluding any exceptional contribution to income tax at a rate of up to 4% 
that may be assessed in respect of individuals with taxable income over €250,000); or  
(2) 
may be subject, upon election of the French individual tax resident Noteholder or 
Certificateholder, as the case may be, to the progressive rates of French individual income 
tax (with a maximum tax rate amounting to 45 per cent. excluding any exceptional 
contribution to income tax at a rate of up to 4% that may be assessed in respect of individuals 
with taxable income over €250,000). In addition, such capital gain would also be subject to 
social contributions amounting to 17.2 per cent. 
(ii) 
With respect to French corporate tax residents 
Any capital gain realised upon disposal of Notes or Certificates (or of shares resulting from the 
conversion of such Notes or Certificates) by a Noteholder or Certificateholder subject to French 
corporate income tax, as the case may be, would normally be subject to: 
(1)  
French corporate income tax at the ordinary rate of 25 per cent; and 
(2)  
the 3.3 per cent. additional social contribution on French corporate income tax, if 
applicable. 
Furthermore, any capital gain realised upon disposal of shares resulting from the conversion of 
such Notes or Certificates by a French corporate tax resident Noteholder or Certificateholder, as 
the case may be, could be exempt for 88 per cent. from French corporate income tax provided that 
the capital gain qualifies as a "long term capital gain realised upon disposal of participation shares", 
that is to say a capital gain realised upon disposal of shares (i) qualifying as "participation shares" 
and (ii) held for at least two years by the French corporate tax resident. 
Payments made by a French Guarantor (if applicable)  
There is no direct authority under French law on the withholding tax status of payments by a French 
Guarantor (if applicable) under the Guarantee. Hence, the statements below are based on the interpretation 
of general French tax principles and may be affected, potentially with retroactive effect, by future legislative, 
judicial or administrative developments.

--- Page 1314 ---
TAXATION 
- 1314 - 
In accordance with one interpretation of French tax law, payments made by a French Guarantor to a 
Noteholder or Certificateholder in respect of amounts due by the Issuer in respect of such Notes or 
Certificates may be treated as a payment in lieu of payments to be made by the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
or Certificates.  Accordingly, under this interpretation payments made by a French Guarantor, of any amounts 
due by the Issuer under the Notes or Certificates, would not be subject to the interest withholding tax set out 
under Article 125 A, III of the French Code général des impôts, to the extent that interest payments made or 
to be made by the Issuer would not be subject to such withholding tax by reason of the Issuer not being 
resident of, or otherwise established in, France.   
In accordance with another interpretation of French tax law, payments made by a French Guarantor to a 
Noteholder or Certificateholder may be treated as sui generis payments independent from the payments to 
be made by the Issuer under the Notes or Certificates.  In the absence of any specific provision in Article 125 
A, III of the French Code général des impôts, such payments would not be subject to such withholding tax. 
Other interpretations, which may lead to a different treatment under French tax law, cannot be ruled out. 
French tax implications for the French resident Warrantholders or holders of Certificates not 
constituting debt instruments for French tax purposes 
(i) 
With respect to French individual tax residents
(1) 
Net profit realised in respect of Warrants or applicable Certificates on an occasional basis: 
Net profit realised in respect of Warrants or Certificates (which do not constitute obligations
under French law or titres de créances négociables for French tax purposes, or other debt 
instruments issued under French or foreign law and fiscally similar thereto within the 
meaning of administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-30-30-20191220 dated 20 
December 2019, n°70) by a French individual tax resident Warrantholder or 
Certificateholder, as the case may be, (assuming that such payments would not be 
attributable to an enterprise carried on by the French income tax resident subject to French 
individual income tax) would be deemed as a capital gain and:  
(A)  
would be subject to a flat tax at a global rate of 30 per cent., including French 
individual income tax at a flat rate of 12.8 per cent. and social contributions at an 
aggregate rate of 17.2 per cent. (excluding any exceptional contribution to income 
tax at a rate of up to 4% that may be assessed in respect of individuals with taxable 
income over €250,000); or  
(B) 
may be subject, upon election of the French individual tax resident Noteholder or 
Certificateholder, as the case may be, to the progressive rates of French individual 
income tax (with a maximum tax rate amounting to 45 per cent. excluding any 
exceptional contribution to income tax at a rate of up to 4% that may be assessed in 
respect of individuals with taxable income over €250,000). 
In addition, such net profit would also be subject to social contributions amounting 
to 17.2 per cent. 
(2) 
Net profit realised in respect of Warrants or applicable Certificates on a regular basis: 
Net profit realised in respect of Warrants or Certificates (which do not constitute obligations
under French law or titres de créances négociables for French tax purposes, or other debt 
instruments issued under French or foreign law and fiscally similar thereto within the 
meaning of administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-30-30-20191220 dated 20 
December 2019, n°70) by a French individual tax resident Warrantholder or 
Certificateholder, as the case may be, (assuming that such payments would not be

--- Page 1315 ---
TAXATION 
- 1315 - 
attributable to an enterprise carried on by the French income tax resident subject to French 
individual income tax), would be subject to the progressive rates of French individual 
income tax (with a maximum tax rate amounting to 45 per cent. excluding any exceptional 
contribution to income tax at a rate of up to 4% that may be assessed in respect of individuals 
with taxable income over €250,000) if the French individual tax resident Warrantholder or 
Certificateholder, as applicable, invests on a regular basis. 
In addition, such net profit would also be subject to social contributions amounting to 17.2 
per cent. 
(ii) 
With respect to French corporate tax residents 
Net profit realised in respect of Warrants or Certificates (which do not constitute obligations under 
French law or titres de créances négociables for French tax purposes, or other debt instruments 
issued under French or foreign law and fiscally assimilated thereto within the meaning of 
administrative guidelines BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-30-30-20191220 dated 20 December 2019, 
n°70) by a Warrantholder or Certificateholder subject to French corporate income tax would be 
subject to (i) French corporate income tax at the ordinary rate of 25 per cent and (ii) the 3.3 per cent. 
additional social contribution on French corporate income tax, if applicable. 
4. ITALIAN TAXATION
The following is a general discussion of certain Italian tax consequences of the acquisition, holding and 
disposing of Securities. However, each series of Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment due to 
the specific terms of such Series as set out in the respective Final Terms. The following summary, therefore, 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a 
decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Securities and does not consider any specific facts 
or circumstances that may apply to a particular investor.  
This summary regarding taxation is based on the laws of Italy currently in force and as applied on the date 
of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis. Prospective Holders of Securities are advised to consult their own tax 
advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their interest in the Securities. 
In any case, Italian legal or tax concepts may not be identical to the concepts described by the same English 
term as they exist under the terms used in different jurisdictions and any legal or tax concept expressed by 
using the relevant Italian term shall prevail over the corresponding concept expressed in English terms. 
TAXATION OF NOTES 
(1)  
Payments of interest and other proceeds on the Notes are subject to different tax treatments based on 
whether the Notes, based on their specific characteristics as set out in the Final Terms, qualify as: 
(a) 
bonds or securities similar to bonds; or 
(b) 
atypical securities. 
A.1 Notes qualifying as bonds or securities similar to bonds  
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended (the "Decree 239"), regulates the tax 
treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the redemption 
amount and the issue price, hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") from notes issued, inter 
alia, by non-Italian resident entities, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or securities 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni).

--- Page 1316 ---
TAXATION 
- 1316 - 
For this purpose, securities similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value and that do not allow 
any direct or indirect participation to the management of the issuer.  
Resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder who is the beneficial owner of the Notes is (i) an individual 
not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are effectively connected, (ii) a partnership 
(other than a società in nome colettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar 
partnership) or a de facto partnership not carrying out commercial activities or professional 
associations, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from 
Italian corporate income taxation, Interest payments relating to the Notes are subject to a tax, referred 
to as imposta sostitutiva (either when the interest is paid by the Issuer, or when payment thereof is 
obtained by the Noteholder on a sale of the relevant Notes). The imposta sostitutiva may not be 
recovered by the Noteholder as a deduction from the income tax due. 
The mentioned imposta sostitutiva is currently levied at a rate of 26 per cent. 
In case the Notes are held by a Noteholder engaged in a business activity and are effectively 
connected with same business activity, the interest will be subject to the imposta sostitutiva and will 
be included in the relevant income tax return. As a consequence, the interest will be subject to the 
ordinary income tax and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from the income 
tax due. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not 
acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social 
security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 
103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including from substitute tax 
(imposta sostitutiva), on Interest on the Notes, if the Notes are included in an long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine - PIR) that meets the requirements 
applicable from time to time as set forth by Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione 
mobiliare ("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs") stock 
exchange agents and other entities identified by the relevant Decrees of the Ministry of Finance (the 
"Intermediaries"). 
An Intermediary must (i) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of Interest or in the 
transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes 
includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change 
of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are 
deposited. 
Where the Notes are deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any entity paying Interest to a Noteholder.  
The imposta sostitutiva does not apply, inter alia, to the following subjects, to the extent that the 
Notes and the relevant Coupons are deposited in a timely manner, directly or indirectly, with an 
Intermediary: 
(a) 
Corporate Noteholders – Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a corporation or a similar 
commercial entity (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which 
the Notes are effectively connected), interest accrued on the Notes must be included in: (i) 
the relevant Noteholder's yearly taxable income for corporate income tax purposes

--- Page 1317 ---
TAXATION 
- 1317 - 
("IRES"), applying at a rate equal to 24 per cent.; and (ii) in certain circumstances, 
depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also in its net value of production for the 
purposes of regional tax on productive activities ("IRAP"). Such interest is therefore 
subject to general Italian corporate taxation according to the ordinary rules; 
(b) 
Investment funds – Italian investment funds (which includes Fondo Comune 
d'Investimento, SICAV or SICAF, the "Investment Funds") are not subject to income tax. 
A withholding tax, currently in the amount of 26 per cent., is levied in certain circumstances 
on distributions made by the Investment Fund in favour of certain categories of investors 
in the Investment Funds and it is applicable both on the proceeds distributed during the life 
of the fund, and on the amount due in case of closure or redemption of the funds (including 
in both cases the Interest on the Notes); 
(c) 
Pension funds – Pension funds (subject to the tax regime set forth by article 17 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005, the "Pension Funds") are subject to 
substitutive tax, currently levied at 20 per cent., on their annual net accrued result. Interest 
on the Notes is included in the calculation of said annual net accrued result. However, 
subject to certain conditions, Interest arising in respect of the Notes may be excluded from 
the taxable base of such substitutive tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine - PIR) that meets the 
requirements applicable from time to time as set forth by Italian law; and  
(d) 
Real estate investment funds or real estate SICAFs (a "REIT") – Italian REITs are not 
subject to any imposta sostitutiva at the fund level and any Interest accrued on Notes held 
by a REIT is not taxable in the hands of the same REIT. However a 26 per cent. withholding 
tax may be applied on distributions made by the REIT, directly on the investors depending 
on the nature of the relevant investor.  
Non-Resident Noteholders 
Interest payments relating to Notes received by non-resident beneficial owners (not having a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected) are generally not 
subject to tax in Italy. 
B. Notes qualifying as atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are subject to a 
withholding tax currently levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to 
bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not 
lower than their nominal value. The mentioned withholding tax applies to an Italian resident 
Noteholder which is: (i) an individual not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected; (ii) a non-commercial partnership; (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution; (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income tax; (v) a Pension Fund; and (vi) 
a Fund. 
Interest payments on Notes made to Italian resident Noteholders which are (i) companies or similar 
commercial entities (including a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the 
Notes are effectively connected), and (ii) commercial partnerships, are not subject to the 
aforementioned withholding tax, but the Interest shall also be included in their aggregate income 
subject to IRES. The withholding tax may be recovered as a deduction from the income tax due. In 
certain cases, such Interest may also be included in the taxable net value of production for IRAP 
purpose.

--- Page 1318 ---
TAXATION 
- 1318 - 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 
10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes not falling within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), if such Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine 
- PIR) that meets the requirements applicable from time to time as set forth by Italian law. 
Interest payments relating to Notes received by non-Italian resident Noteholders (not having a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected) are generally not 
subject to withholding tax.   
(2) 
Capital gains arising from the sale or transfer of the Notes are subject to different tax regimes based 
on the residence status of their Holders. 
Resident Noteholders 
Pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as amended, a capital gains tax (the 
"CGT") is applicable to capital gains realised on any sale or transfer of the Notes for consideration 
or on redemption thereof by Italian resident individuals (not engaged in a business activity to which 
the Notes are effectively connected), regardless of whether the Notes are held outside of Italy. Said 
CGT currently applies at a rate of 26 per cent. 
For the purposes of determining the taxable capital gain, any interest on the Notes accrued and 
unpaid up to the time of the purchase and the sale of the Notes must be deducted from the purchase 
price and the sale price, respectively. 
Should the Notes qualify as atypical securities, the relevant capital gain realised upon sale or transfer 
of the same should in principle be subject to CGT, however, based on a very restrictive 
interpretation, the aforesaid capital gains could be subject to the above mentioned final CGT. 
Taxpayers can opt for certain alternative regimes in order to pay the CGT.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains 
realized in respect of the Notes by Italian resident individuals holding them not in connection with 
an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 
June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, if the 
Notes are included in a long-term applicable from time to time as set forth by Italian law. 
In addition, please note the following: 
(a) 
Corporate investors (including banks and insurance companies): capital gains realised on 
the Notes by Italian resident corporate entities (including a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a foreign entity to which the Notes are effectively connected) form part of their aggregate 
income subject to IRES. In certain cases, capital gains may also be included in the taxable 
net value of production of such entities for IRAP purposes. The capital gains are calculated 
as the difference between the sale price and the relevant tax basis of the Notes. Upon 
fulfilment of certain conditions, the gains may be taxed in equal instalments over up to five 
fiscal years for IRES purposes. 
(b) 
Funds – Capital gains realised by the Funds on the Notes are currently subject to a 26 per 
cent. withholding tax levied by the managing company. Such withholding shall be levied 
on a distribution basis and no longer on an accrual basis and it is applicable both on the 
proceeds distributed during the life of the fund, and on the amount due in case of closure or 
redemption of the funds (including in both cases, any capital gains on the Notes).

--- Page 1319 ---
TAXATION 
- 1319 - 
(c) 
Pension Funds – Capital gains realised by Pension Funds on the Notes contribute to 
determining the annual net accrued result of the same Pension Funds, which is subject to a 
20 per cent. substitutive tax. However, subject to certain conditions, Interest arising in 
respect of the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of such substitutive tax if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine - PIR) that meets the requirements applicable from time to time 
as set forth by Italian law. 
(d) 
REITs – Capital gains realised by Italian REITs on the Notes are generally not taxable at 
the level of the REIT. However, a 26 per cent. withholding tax may be applied on 
distributions made by the REIT, directly on the investors, depending on the nature of the 
relevant investor. 
Non-Resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-resident Noteholders (not having permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected) on the Notes are generally not subject to tax in Italy.  
TAXATION OF WARRANTS AND CERTIFICATES 
A. Securitised derivatives 
Warrants, Certificates and other securitised derivatives are subject to Article 67 of Presidential Decree No. 
917 of 22 December 1986 and Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as subsequently amended, 
where the Italian resident Warrantholder or Certificateholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-
commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
capital gains realised upon sale or exercise of the Securities are subject to CGT currently levied at 26 per 
cent.. The recipient may opt for three different taxation criteria: 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Securities are connected, 
the CGT will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital 
loss, realised by the Italian resident individual holding the Securities not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Securities carried out during any 
given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any 
relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay CGT on such gains together with any 
balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried 
forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not 
in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of the Securities (the "risparmio amministrato" regime). Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to: (i) the Securities being deposited with Italian 
banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries; and (ii) an express election for the 
risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Warrantholder or 
Certificateholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for CGT in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of the Securities (as well as in respect of capital gains realised 
upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding 
amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Warrantholder or Certificateholder or using funds 
provided by the Warrantholder or Certificateholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Securities results in a capital loss, such loss 
may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management,

--- Page 1320 ---
TAXATION 
- 1320 - 
in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth.  Under the risparmio amministrato
regime, the Warrantholder or Certificateholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the 
annual tax return. 
(c) 
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the Securities not in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, 
including the Securities, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the so-called "risparmio 
gestito" regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a substitute tax, to be paid by the managing 
authorised intermediary. Said substitute tax is currently levied at 26 per cent. Under this risparmio 
gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried 
forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax 
years.  Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Warrantholder or Certificateholder is not required to 
declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Where an Italian resident Warrantholder or Certificateholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or 
the Italian permanent establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the Securities are effectively 
connected, income arising from the Warrants or Certificates will not be subject to CGT, but must be included 
in the relevant Warrantholder's or Certificateholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian 
corporate tax.  
Income realised by non-Italian resident Warrantholders or Certificateholders is not subject to Italian taxation, 
provided that the Warrants or Certificates are held outside of Italy. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), capital gains realized 
in respect of the Warrants or Certificates by Italian resident individuals holding them not in connection with 
an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 
and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from taxation, including the 26 per cent. 
imposta sostitutiva, if the Warrants or Certificates are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine - PIR) that meets the requirements applicable from time to 
time as set forth by Italian law. 
B. Atypical securities 
Securities that cannot be qualified as securitised derivatives under Article 67 of Testo Unico Imposte sui 
Redditi (Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) and, under a different interpretation of current 
tax law, Securities could be considered as 'atypical' securities pursuant to Article 8 of Law Decree No. 512 
of 30 September 1983 as implemented by Law No. 649 of 25 November 1983. In this event, payments relating 
to Securities may be subject to an Italian withholding tax currently levied at 26 per cent. 
The mentioned withholding tax applies to Italian resident holders of the Securities which are: (i) an individual 
not engaged in a business activity to which the Notes are effectively connected; (ii) a non-commercial 
partnership; (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution; (iv) an investor exempt from Italian corporate 
income tax; (v) a Pension Fund; and (vi) a Fund. 
The withholding tax mentioned above does not apply to payments made to a non-Italian resident holder of 
the Securities and to an Italian resident holder of the Securities which is (i) a company or similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities), (ii) a commercial partnership, or 
(iii) a commercial private or public institution. 
The withholding is levied by the Italian intermediary appointed by the Issuer, intervening in the collection of 
the relevant income or in the negotiation or repurchasing of the Securities. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to

--- Page 1321 ---
TAXATION 
- 1321 - 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax at hand, if the Securities are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine - PIR) that meets the 
requirements applicable from time to time as set forth by Italian law. 
PAYMENTS MADE BY A NON RESIDENT GUARANTOR (IF APPLICABLE) 
With respect to payments made to Italian resident holders of Securities by a non-Italian resident Guarantor 
(if applicable), in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by the non-
Italian resident Guarantor could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the Issuer and 
would thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs. 
STAMP DUTY
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 ("Decree 201"), a proportional stamp duty 
applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by Italian financial intermediaries 
to their clients for the Securities deposited therewith. The stamp duty currently applies at a rate of 0.20 per 
cent; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value figure is available 
– the nominal value or redemption amount of the securities held. The stamp duty cannot currently exceed 
EUR 14,000 for non-individual holders of securities only.  
Based on the interpretation of the law and the related implementing provisions, the stamp duty applies to any 
investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an 
entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
WEALTH TAX ON SECURITIES DEPOSITED ABROAD 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals, Italian non-commercial private or 
public institutions or Italian non-commercial partnerships holding the Securities outside Italian territory are 
required to pay a wealth tax at the current rate of 0.20 per cent. For taxpayers other than individuals, this 
wealth tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year (or at the end of the 
relevant holding period) or, if no market value figure is available, on the nominal value or the redemption 
value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit 
equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the state where the financial assets are held (up to an amount 
equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
TAX MONITORING 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, individuals 
resident in Italy, Italian non-commercial private or public institutions or Italian non-commercial partnerships 
who are the effective beneficial owners of foreign (i.e. non-Italian) investments or financial activities must, 
in certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and related transactions to the Italian tax authorities in their 
income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the 
same time as prescribed for the income tax return).  
TRANSFER TAXES 
Transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarised (atti pubblici 
e scritture private autenticate) deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of EUR 200; (ii) private deeds 
(scritture private non autenticate) are subject to registration tax only if a case of use occurs or in case of 
voluntary registration.  
FINANCIAL TRANSACTION TAX

--- Page 1322 ---
TAXATION 
- 1322 - 
Pursuant to Article 1, para. 491 and followings of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, the Italian Parliament 
introduced a financial transaction tax ("FTT") which applies to (a) the transfer of ownership  of shares and 
other participating securities issued by Italian resident companies or of financial instruments representing the 
just mentioned shares and/or participating securities (irrespective of whether issued by Italian resident issuers 
or not) (the "Relevant Securities"), (b) transactions on financial derivatives (i) the main underlying assets 
of which are the Relevant Securities, or (ii) whose value depends mainly on one or more Relevant Securities, 
as well as to (c) any transactions on the securities (as set forth by article 1, paragraph 1-bis, letters c) and d), 
of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998) (iii) which allow to mainly purchase or sell one or 
more Relevant Securities or (iv) implying a cash payment determined with main reference to one or more 
Relevant Securities.  
Warrants and certificates are expressly included in the scope of application of the FTT if they meet the 
requirements set out above. 
With specific reference to the transactions on securitised derivatives on the Relevant Securities (such as the 
warrants) the FTT is due, as of 1 July 2013, regardless of the tax residence of the parties and/or where the 
transaction is executed.  
The FTT is levied at a fixed amount that varies depending on the nature of the relevant instrument and the 
notional value of the transaction, and ranges between EUR 0.01875 and EUR 200 per transaction. The amount 
of FTT payable is reduced to 1/5 of the standard rate in case the transaction is performed on regulated markets 
or multilateral trading facilities of an EU Member States and of the SEE, included in the so-called white list 
currently set out in Italian Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as subsequently amended and supplemented 
from time to time pursuant to Article 11 of Decree 239.  
In the case of physical settlement, the FTT is also due upon transfer of ownership rights of the underlying 
Relevant Securities.  
The FTT on derivatives is due by each of the parties to the transactions. The FTT is not applied where one 
of the parties to the transaction is the European Union, the BCE, central banks of the EU Member States, 
foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, or international bodies 
or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy. Further 
specific exemptions exist, inter alia, for (i) subjects who carry on market making activities; (ii) mandatory 
social security entities and pension funds set up according to Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 
2005; and (iii) intragroup transfers of the Relevant Securities. 
The FTT shall be levied, and subsequently paid, to the Italian Revenue by the subject (generally a financial 
intermediary) that is involved, in any way, in the performance of the transaction. If more than one subject is 
involved in the execution of the transaction, the FTT is payable by the subject who receives the order of 
execution by the ultimate purchaser or counterparty. Intermediaries that are not resident in Italy but are liable 
to collect the FTT from the taxpayers and to pay it to the Italian Revenue can appoint an Italian tax 
representative for the purposes of the FTT. If no intermediary is involved in the performance of the 
transaction, the FTT must be paid directly by the taxpayers.  
Prospective Holders of Warrants and Certificates are advised to consult their own tax advisers. 
INHERITANCE AND GIFT TAXES 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, ("Decree No. 262"), converted into Law No. 286 of 24 
November, 2006, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a result 
of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding 
EUR1,000,000;

--- Page 1323 ---
TAXATION 
- 1323 - 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are subject 
to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or 
the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax 
on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax applies on the value of the entire 
inheritance or gift exceeding EUR1,500,000.00 for each beneficiary. 
Inheritance and gift tax do not apply in case the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine - PIR) that meets all the requirements applicable 
from time to time as set forth by Italian laws in force. 
5.  
BELGIAN TAXATION  
Prospective Holders of securities are advised to consult their own advisors as to the tax consequences of 
the purchase, ownership and disposal of securities, including the effect of any taxes under Belgian law. 
The present overview is only general information, which is not intended to deal with specific aspects of an 
investment in Notes, Certificates and/or Warrants. Potential investors are recommended to consult their 
tax advisor on the basis of their own particular situation.  
Belgian income taxes  
A. Notes  
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to the holding of 
Notes obtained by an investor in Belgium. 
This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Belgian 
tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold and to dispose of the Notes. In some 
cases, different rules can be applicable. Furthermore, the tax rules can be amended in the future, possibly 
implemented with retroactive effect, and the interpretation of the tax rules may change. 
Belgian resident individual private investors 
The following tax treatment applies to individual Belgian residents, subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques). Other rules can however apply in special situations: 
when Notes are linked to the private investor's professional activity or when the taxpayer's transactions with 
respect to the Notes fall outside the scope of the normal management of their private estate. 
Generally speaking, any amount paid by the Issuer in excess of the issuance price of the Notes at the maturity 
date or at early redemption, is taxable as interest. 
Payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 
30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium. However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the 
intervention of a Belgian paying agent, the interest received (after deduction of any foreign withholding tax) 
has to be declared in the personal income tax return and will be taxed at the rate of 30 per cent.  
In the viewpoint of the Belgian tax administration, structured notes always qualify as "fixed income 
securities" (Circular letter of 25 January 2013, AAFisc 3/2013). However, please be aware that depending 
on the characteristics, arguments are available to challenge this viewpoint of the Belgian tax administration; 
e.g. where the noteholder does not have any guarantee that the principal will be recovered and is not entitled

--- Page 1324 ---
TAXATION 
- 1324 - 
to a guaranteed return either (this may e.g. be the case with unit, fund etc. linked notes if both the amount of 
principal and interest payable are dependent on the price or changes in the price of units or shares in a fund), 
it is arguable that such notes do not qualify as fixed income securities.  A similar viewpoint has been adopted 
by the Belgium ruling committee in a particular case (decision 2015.632 of 3 May 2016). 
If the Notes qualify as fixed income securities in the meaning of article 2, § 1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code, 
the interest income of the notes is taxable in the hands of each successive noteholder based upon the duration 
that they have been holding the notes. This implies that the noteholders cannot avoid taxation by selling the 
note before maturity or before redemption by the issuer. According to the tax administration, the taxable 
event arises at the moment of sale if the noteholder transfers the note to someone other than the issuer. At 
this moment in time, no withholding tax is due, but the investor will have the duty to report his portion in the 
accrued interest in his personal income tax return (Circular letter of 25 January 2013, n° 12, 14). However, 
the viewpoint of the tax administration is criticized by the majority of the commentators and it has already 
been overruled in a decision of the Court of Antwerp (decision of 12 March 2002). According to the majority 
of the authors and the Court of Antwerp, the taxable event can only occur when the note is reimbursed to the 
final noteholder by the issuer. Before that moment in time, there is no certainty whether there actually is a 
taxable movable income.  
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes, except for the pro rata of accrued interest in the case of fixed 
income securities, are in principle tax exempt.  The capital gains will however incur taxation at 33 per cent. 
(to be increased with communal surcharges) if they are realised in a way which exceeds "the normal 
management of one’s private estate". 
If the Notes are repurchased (whether or not on the maturity date) by the Issuer, the capital gain is taxable as 
interest at the rate of 30 per cent. This taxation also applies if the Notes do not qualify as "fixed income 
securities". 
Taxation at progressive tax rates of income and capital gains will occur if the Notes are held by the investor 
as assets of its professional activity.   
Tax treatment in the hands of Belgian corporations 
Corporate Noteholders who are subject to Belgian Corporate Income Tax (Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt 
des sociétés) and who do not qualify for a special corporate tax regime (which e.g. applies to Sicavs, pension 
funds etc.) are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Notes. 
Interest or other income derived/recorded by Belgian corporate investors on the Notes and capital gains on 
the Notes will be subject to Belgian corporate income tax of 25 per cent. (with a reduced rate of 20 per cent, 
applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies) . Realised 
capital losses are in principle deductible. Moreover, the tax deductibility of unrealised capital losses can be 
argued provided that the noteholder (i) does not have any guarantee that the invested amount will the 
recovered, and (ii) does not have any guaranteed return either (this situation may e.g. occur with unit, fund 
etc. linked notes if both the amount of principal and interest payable are dependent on the price or changes 
in the price of units or shares in a fund).  If the income has been subject to a foreign withholding tax, a foreign 
tax credit might be applicable on the Belgian tax due (under strict conditions and limitations). 
Interest payments to a Belgian company made through a paying agent in Belgium may qualify for exemption 
from withholding tax provided the note qualifies as similar to a bond loan and provided a certificate is 
delivered (articles 108 and 117, § 12 R.D./I.T.C.). For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption will only 
apply if the Belgian company and the Issuer are associated companies within the meaning of article 105, 6° 
of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992. If Belgian 
withholding tax would nonetheless be levied, such withholding tax can generally speaking be credited against 
the corporate income tax due and the excess is reimbursable provided the legal requirements are met.

--- Page 1325 ---
TAXATION 
- 1325 - 
Other legal entities 
Legal entities who are Belgian residents for tax purposes and who are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales) are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Notes. 
Any amount paid by the Issuer in excess of the issuance price of the Notes at the maturity day or subsequent 
to early redemption is taxable as interest. 
Payments of interest on the Notes made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 
30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. If the 
interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent and without the 
application of Belgian withholding tax, the legal entity itself is responsible for the payment of 30 per cent. 
withholding tax. 
If the Notes qualify as fixed income securities in the meaning of article 2, § 1, 8° I.T.C., Belgian legal entities 
are taxable on the pro rata of accrued interest corresponding to the detention period in case of a realisation 
of the Notes between two interest payment dates or before maturity / reimbursement by the issuer. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the Notes are repurchased 
by the Issuer (in which case the capital gain is taxable as interest) and except for the pro rata of accrued 
interest in the case of fixed income securities, which is subject to Belgian withholding tax (30 per cent.), 
whereby the latter is due by the legal entity itself on the basis of article 262, 5° I.T.C. 
Special tax regimes 
Under Belgian tax law, a number of entities such as qualifying pension funds and qualifying investment 
companies enjoy a special tax regime, whereby income out of investments (such as interest income and 
capital gains) is not taken into account for determining the taxable basis. 
Non-resident investors 
The interest income on the Notes paid through a Belgian intermediary will in principle be subject to a 30 per 
cent. withholding tax subject to such relief as may be available under applicable domestic and tax treaty 
provisions. However, an exemption is available under Belgian domestic provisions in case of payment of 
interest on the Notes through a (financial) intermediary established in Belgium, provided that such (financial) 
intermediary qualifies as a recognized credit institution, exchange company or clearing or settlement 
institution and pays the interest to non-resident beneficial owners directly, on the condition that such non-
resident beneficial owner certifies that he or she (i) is a non-resident for Belgian income tax purposes, (ii) 
has not held the Notes as part of a taxable business activity in Belgium, and (iii) is the legal owner, or holds 
the usufruct of the Notes (art 230, 2o, b) ITC/92). 
Moreover, the following exemptions apply in particular circumstances: 
i)
An exemption is available under Belgian domestic provisions in case of payment of interest on 
the Notes through a (financial) intermediary established in Belgium, provided that such 
(financial) intermediary qualifies as a recognized credit institution, stock exchange company or 
clearing or settlement institution and pays the interest to certain qualifying credit institutions, 
financial intermediaries, clearing and settlement institutions or portfolio management 
companies established outside of Belgium, referred to in Article 261, par. 4 ITC/92).  
ii)
A second exemption is available under Belgian domestic provisions is in case of payment of 
interest on the Notes through a (financial) intermediary established in Belgium, provided that 
such (financial) intermediary qualifies as a recognized credit institution, stock exchange 
company or clearing or settlement institution and pays the interest to non-qualifying 
intermediaries, on the condition that such non-qualifying intermediary certifies that the

--- Page 1326 ---
TAXATION 
- 1326 - 
beneficial owners (i) are non-residents for Belgian income tax purposes, (ii) have not held the 
Notes as part of a taxable business activity in Belgium, and (iii) are the legal owners, or hold the 
usufruct of the Notes (art 264bis ITC/92). 
iii)
Depending on facts and circumstances, specific exemptions may apply on the basis of the Royal 
Decree implementing the Income Tax Code.  
The non-residents companies or professionals who use the debt instruments to exercise a professional activity 
in Belgium through a permanent establishment are subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident 
companies or Belgian professionals.   
B. Warrants  
The following summary describes the principal Belgian withholding tax considerations with respect to the 
holding of Warrants obtained by an investor following this offer in Belgium. 
This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Belgian 
tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold and to dispose of the Warrants. In 
some cases, different rules can be applicable. Furthermore, the tax rules can be amended in the future, 
possibly implemented with retroactive effect, and the interpretation of the tax rules may change. 
Belgian resident individual investor  
The following tax treatment applies to individual Belgian residents, subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques). Other rules can however apply in special situations, e.g. 
when Warrants are linked to the private investor's professional activity (professional estate). 
There are no income taxes due on the surplus values obtained by the Warrantholder through the sale of 
Warrants or the Exercise of Warrants, provided (i) the Warrants or assets qualify as portfolio values, and (ii) 
the surplus values were made within the normal management of the investor's estate (as set forth in article 
90, 1° Belgian Income Tax Code). 
If one or both of the conditions mentioned in i) and ii) are not met, the situation is the following i) surplus 
values on a sale of warrants are taxable at the rate of 33 per cent. (to be increased with communal surcharges) 
and ii) surplus values on the exercise of a warrant may be taxable (e.g. in the case of a put warrant) at the rate 
of 33 per cent. (to be increased with communal surcharges). 
The tax aspects regarding the holding or sale of assets acquired through the exercise of Warrants depend on 
the nature of those assets. 
Tax treatment in the hands of Belgian corporations 
The surplus values (and all other income) obtained by the Warrantholders through the sale of the Warrants 
are subject to corporate income tax at a 25 per cent tax rate (with a reduced rate of 20 per cent, applying to 
the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small companies). The losses on the 
warrants are in principle tax deductible. If the income has been subject to a foreign withholding tax, a foreign 
tax credit might be applicable on the Belgian tax due (subject to strict conditions and limitations). 
The premium paid by the Call Warrant-holder is recorded on the balance sheet of the corporate investor. If 
the investor acquires shares subsequent to the exercise of a Warrant, the Warrant premium is added to the 
strike price for determining the value of the acquired shares.

--- Page 1327 ---
TAXATION 
- 1327 - 
The tax implications of i) surplus values obtained by the Warrantholders subsequent to the sale of assets 
which were acquired through the exercise of a call Warrant and ii) surplus values subsequent to the exercise 
of a put warrant, depend on the nature of the asset.  
Other legal entities  
Legal entities who are Belgian residents for tax purposes and who are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales) are not taxed on the surplus values obtained through 
the sale of the Warrants or the exercise of the Warrants.  
The tax aspects regarding the holding or sale of assets acquired through the exercise of Warrants depend on 
the nature of those assets. 
Important note 
Depending on facts and circumstances (e.g. in situations where a Warrant is cash settled), a Warrant may 
trigger taxable interest should the Warrant itself be (re-)characterized as some kind of a receivable. In such 
case, the Warrantholder may be taxed on any income derived from the Warrant according to the rules 
applicable to Notes.  
Such (re-)characterization has in particular important fiscal consequences in the hands of a Belgian resident 
individual shareholder and in the hands of "other legal entities", as it may imply that any income derived 
from the Warrant is taxable as interest at the rate of 30 per cent. 
C. Certificates 
The following summary describes the principal Belgian tax considerations with respect to the holding of 
Certificates obtained by an investor following this offer in Belgium. 
This information is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Belgian 
tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, to hold and to dispose of the Certificates. 
Moreover, the Belgian tax regime described below only applies if the Certificates can be regarded to qualify 
as claim rights for Belgian tax purposes. Depending on the specific characteristics of the certificate, different 
rules may apply. Furthermore, the tax rules can be amended in the future, possibly implemented with 
retroactive effect, and the interpretation of the tax rules may change. 
This summary does not describe the tax consequences for a holder of Certificates that are redeemable in 
exchange for, or convertible into shares, of the exercise, settlement or redemption of such Certificates and/or 
any tax consequences after the moment of exercise, settlement or redemption. Each prospective holder of 
Certificates should consult a professional adviser with respect to the tax consequences of an investment in 
the Certificates, taking into account the influence of any applicable rules. 
Belgian resident individual investor  
Individuals who are Certificate holders and who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e. who are subject 
to Belgian personal income tax ("personenbelasting"; "impôt des personnes physiques"), are subject to the 
following tax treatment with respect to the Certificates in Belgium.  
Other rules may be applicable in special situations, in particular when individuals resident in Belgium acquire 
the Certificates for professional purposes or when their transactions with respect to the Certificates fall 
outside the scope of the normal management of their own private estate, or should the Certificates not qualify 
as "portfolio values".

--- Page 1328 ---
TAXATION 
- 1328 - 
Payments of interest on the Certificates made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject 
to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium (calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-
Belgian withholding taxes). For Belgian tax purposes, interest includes any amount paid by the Issuer in 
excess of the issuance price of the Certificates (e.g. at the redemption date or at early redemption). When 
withholding tax was applied, the Belgian resident investor no longer has the duty to report the interest in his 
personal income tax return. If the Certificates qualify as fixed income securities in the meaning of article 2, 
§ 1, 8° Belgian Income Tax Code (see above Section on "Notes"), the interest income of the Certificates is 
taxable in the hands of each successive noteholder based upon the duration that they have been holding the 
notes. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Certificates to a Party other than the Issuer, except in respect of that 
part of the sale price attributable to the pro rata interest component, are in principle tax exempt, provided that 
i) the Certificates qualify as "portfolio values", and ii) the capital gain results from a normal management of 
one’s private estate. Capital losses on the Certificates are generally not tax deductible. 
Tax treatment in the hands of Belgian corporations 
Corporations or legal entities subject to Belgian corporate tax and who qualify as Belgian residents for tax 
purposes are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Certificates in Belgium.  
Interest (and all other income) received by Belgian corporate investors on the Certificates and capital gains 
realised on the Certificates will be subject to Belgian corporate income tax of 25 per cent. (with a reduced 
rate of 20 per cent, applying to the first tranche of EUR 100,000 of taxable income of qualifying small 
companies). Realised capital losses are in principle deductible. Interest payments on the Certificates made 
through a paying agent in Belgium may under certain circumstances qualify for exemption from withholding 
tax. The withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance with the legal provisions. If the 
income has been subject to a foreign withholding tax, a foreign tax credit might be applicable on the Belgian 
tax due (subject to strict conditions and limitations). 
Other legal entities 
Non-corporate legal entities who are Belgian residents for tax purposes and who are subject to Belgian tax 
on legal entities ("Rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt des personnes morales") are subject to the following tax 
treatment with respect to the Certificates in Belgium. 
Payments of interest on the Certificates made through a paying agent in Belgium will in principle be subject 
to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest. 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying agent and 
without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the legal entity itself is responsible for the deduction and 
payment of the 30 per cent. withholding tax. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Certificates to a party other than the Issuer, except in respect of that 
part of the sale price attributable to the pro rata interest component, are in principle tax exempt. 
Capital losses on the Certificates are generally not tax deductible. 
Tax on Stock Exchange Transactions 
The sale and purchase of Notes on the secondary market through a professional Belgian intermediary are 
subject to 0.12 per cent. tax on stock exchange transactions. This tax applies to both the acquisition and the 
sale of the Notes. It is capped at € 1,300 per transaction and per party.

--- Page 1329 ---
TAXATION 
- 1329 - 
However, with respect to notes for which it is questionable that they can be regarded as "bonds" for the 
application of Belgian tax law, e.g. if the Noteholder does not have any guarantee that the principal will the 
recovered (this may e.g. be the case with fund etc. linked notes), such notes may not qualify for the 0.12 per 
cent. rate and may fall under the scope of the 0.35 per cent. rate (capped at €1,600 per transaction and per 
party.  
The sale and purchase on the secondary market of Warrants through a professional intermediary is subject to 
a 0.35 per cent. tax on stock exchange transactions on the price, capped at € 1,600 per transaction and per 
party.  
The sale and purchase on the secondary market of Certificates through a professional Belgian intermediary 
will be either subject to tax on stock exchange transactions at the rate of 0.35 per cent. (capped at € 1,600) or 
0.12 per cent. (capped at € 1,300) depending on the characteristics of the certificate.  
Since 1 January 2017, transactions concluded by Belgian resident individuals and Belgian resident companies 
or legal entities also trigger Belgian stock exchange tax if no Belgian intermediary intervened in the 
transaction (e.g. transactions on foreign securities account(s)).  If the Belgian stock exchange tax is not 
reported and paid to the Belgian tax authorities by or on behalf of the foreign intermediary, the Belgian 
investor has the duty to report and pay the tax himself.  
The acquisition of Notes or Warrants pursuant to their issuance is not subject to the tax. 
Transactions carried out by a number of investors for their own account are exempt: 

intermediaries as mentioned in article 2, 9° and 10° of the Law of 2 August, 2002 on the supervision of 
the financial sector and financial services; 

insurance companies as mentioned in article 2, §1 of the Law of 9 July 1975 on the supervision of 
insurance companies; 

pension funds (instellingen voor bedrijfspensioenvoorziening / institutions de retraite professionnelle) 
as mentioned in article 2, 1° of the Act of 27 October 2006 on the supervision of pension funds; 

UCITS; and 

non-residents (subject to an affidavit of non-residency). 
Tax on securities accounts 
On 17 February 2021, the Belgian legislator introduced (a renewed version of) an annual tax on securities 
accounts ("TSA").  
Securities accounts, held through a financial intermediary (national banks, credit institutions, but also central 
securities depositories like Euroclear, etc.), will a priori be subject to the new TSA if they are held by (i) 
Belgian resident individuals, Belgian companies and other Belgium-based legal entities, irrespective of where 
the intermediary is established and (ii) non-resident individuals, non-resident companies and other non-
resident legal entities if they hold a securities account with a Belgium-based intermediary. As far as non-
residents are concerned, levying of the tax could be avoided depending on the terms of the applicable double 
tax convention concluded between their residence State and Belgium. As far as Belgium based individuals 
and Belgium based legal entities (other than companies) are concerned, the tax also applies to securities 
accounts held through “legal constructions” falling under the scope of the Cayman Tax (see below).  
The tax base of the new TSA will be equal to the average value of qualifying financial instruments (a notion 
which is defined in a very large way, and which might also include the Notes, Warrants and Certificates) held 
on the securities account, provided, however, that said average value exceeds EUR 1,000,000. The tax rate

--- Page 1330 ---
TAXATION 
- 1330 - 
of the TSA is equal to 0.15% and, where applicable, the amount of the tax shall be limited to 10% of the 
difference between the tax base and EUR 1,000,000.  
Securities accounts held by the following financial entities will, amongst others, not be subject to the tax 
provided they are held for their own account (i.e. without a third party having a direct or indirect claim over 
the value of the account) by: (i) credit institutions, (ii) investment firms, (iii) AIF managers, (iv) UCITS 
managers, (v) insurance companies, (vi) reinsurance companies, (vii) pensions funds, (viii) alternative 
investment funds (AIF) with the exception of certain private compartments, (ix) undertakings for collective 
investment in securities (UCITS) with the exception of certain private compartments, (xi) central 
counterparties (xii) central securities depositaries, (xiii) national banks and the ECB and (xiv) stock broking 
firms.   
Prospective Holders of Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Tax on 
Securities Accounts.  
Tax on the physical delivery of bearer securities 
Since Belgian legislation provides a ban on the physical delivery of bearer securities since January 1st 2008 
(article 4 of the Act of 14 December 2005), the tax of 0.6 per cent. on the physical delivery of bearer securities 
in Belgium will not be applicable.  
Gift tax and inheritance tax  
Belgian tax legislation provides both gift tax and inheritance tax.  
The rates vary depending on the Region in which the donator or the deceased has/had his residence (Brussels 
Region, Flemish Region, Walloon Region).  
Cayman Tax 
In August 2015, the Belgian government has enacted new legislation regarding the taxation of foreign private 
wealth structures. This legislation, commonly referred to as the "Cayman Tax", aims to introduce a tax 
transparent treatment of income generated through these structures as of 1 January 2015.  
The following information with respect to this "Cayman tax" is of a general nature and does not purport to 
be a comprehensive description of all Belgian Cayman tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision 
to acquire, to hold and to dispose of the Notes, Warrants and Certificates. Furthermore, the tax rules can be 
amended in the future, possibly implemented with retroactive effect, and the interpretation of the tax rules 
may change.  
Moreover, both the original Act regarding the Cayman Tax of 10 August 2015 and the original Royal Decrees 
of 18 December 2015, as well as all consecutive amendments, are complex and many interpretational issues 
are still open. 
The targeted foreign private wealth structures are referred to as "legal constructions". Three types of legal 
constructions exist:  
-
"legal relationships/arrangements" (type 1), which basically relates to Anglo-Saxon trusts, fiduciary 
contracts and similar structures on one hand, and; 
-
qualifying "legal entities" (type 2) on the other hand, which relates to low taxed companies, 
associations, foundations or other entities with legal personality; and

--- Page 1331 ---
TAXATION 
- 1331 - 
-
certain qualifying (insurance) contracts (type 3). 
If a certain arrangement would qualify as a "legal construction", the income received by the legal construction 
would a priori be deemed to be received by the "founder(s)" of the legal construction (or by so-called "third 
party beneficiaries"), if these persons would be considered residents for Belgian income tax purposes ("tax 
transparency").  
In addition, the Belgian resident "founders" (individuals and Belgian legal entities subject to the tax regime 
for non-profit legal entities) have the duty to report in their personal income tax return that they have 
entitlements towards a legal construction, irrespective of whether they have actually received any benefit. 
Penalties (up to 6,250 Euros) may be applied if the reporting duty has not been complied with.  
With respect to certain relationships (e.g. trust-like or fiduciary relationships), it cannot be excluded that they 
would be considered to fall within the scope of the very broad definition of "legal construction type 1". A 
"legal construction type 1" is defined as a "legal relationship or arrangement created by an act of the founder 
or by a court order, by which assets are placed under the control of a trustee in order to be administered in 
the interest of one or more beneficiaries or to a certain purpose" (free translation).  
The law further provides that, in order to be considered a "legal construction type 1", the legal relationship 
or arrangement has to dispose of the following characteristics (free translation): 
-
"the property title to the assets or to the entitlements from the "legal construction" has to be drafted 
in the name of the trustee or in the name of another person on behalf of the trustee; 
-
the assets of the "legal construction" have to form a separate estate and cannot be part of the estate 
of the trustee; 
-
the trustee has to have the authority and the duty, in respect of which he is accountable, to manage, 
administer or dispose of the goods in accordance with the provisions of the "legal construction". 
Application of the Cayman tax would imply that the income relating to the instrument would be taxed directly 
in the hands of the person who constituted the legal construction or who has made contributions to the legal 
construction. The "founder" will have to report the legal construction in his tax return. Penalties (up to 6,250 
Euros) may be applied if the reporting duty has not been complied with. 
It should be emphasized that, given the many interpretational problems of the recent regime, prospective 
Holders of Securities are advised to consult their own advisors as to the Cayman tax (and the reporting duty) 
consequences with respect to their holding – given the involvement of the Trustee - of the Notes, Warrants 
and Certificates.  
6. 
SPANISH TAXATION  
The following discussion is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is 
based on the laws presently in force in Spain, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to 
be, legal or tax advice. This section does not constitute a complete description of all the tax issues that may 
be relevant in making the decision to invest in the Securities or of all the tax consequences that may derive 
from the subscription, acquisition, holding, transfer, redemption or reimbursement of the Securities and does 
not purport to describe the tax consequences applicable to categories of investors subject to special tax rules. 
Prospective investors in the Securities should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, regional or local law in Spain, to which they may be subject.

--- Page 1332 ---
TAXATION 
- 1332 - 
1. 
Spanish resident individuals
1.1 
Notes and Certificates
Personal Income Tax
Personal income tax is levied on an annual basis on the worldwide income obtained by Spanish resident 
individuals, whatever the source is and wherever the relevant payer is established. Therefore any income that 
Spanish holders of the Notes and Certificates may receive under the Notes and Certificates will be subject to 
Spanish taxation. 
Both interest periodically received and income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the 
Notes and Certificates obtained by individuals who are tax resident in Spain will be regarded as financial 
income for tax purposes (i.e. a return on investment derived from the assignment of own capital to third 
parties), regardless of whether is in kind or in cash, pursuant to Article 25 of Personal Income Tax Law 
35/2006, of November 28.  
Spanish holders of the Notes and Certificates shall compute the gross income obtained in the so called savings 
income tax base (renta del ahorro) of the tax period in which it is due, including amounts withheld, if any.  
Income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the Notes and Certificates will be calculated 
as the difference between: (a) their disposal, redemption or reimbursement value; and (b) their acquisition or 
subscription value. Costs and expenses effectively borne by the holder on the acquisition and transfer of the 
Notes and Certificates may be taken into account for calculating the relevant taxable income, provided that 
they can be duly justified. Likewise, expenses relating to the management and deposit of the Notes and 
Certificates, if any, will be tax-deductible, excluding those pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio 
management. 
The savings income tax base is subject to personal income tax at the following tax rates: 19% on the first 
€6,000, 21% on the amount exceeding €6,000 up to €50,000, 23% on the amount exceeding €50,000 up to 
€200,000, and 26% on the amount exceeding €200,000. 
Losses that may derive from the transfer of the Notes and Certificates cannot be offset if the investor acquires 
homogeneous securities within the two-month period prior or subsequent to the transfer of the Notes and 
Certificates, until the investor transfers such homogeneous securities. 
Additionally, tax credits to prevent international double taxation may apply in respect of taxes paid outside 
Spain on income deriving from the Notes and Certificates, if any. 
Wealth Tax
Spanish Law 11/2020, of 30 December, approving the State Budget for 2021 has permanently re-established 
Spanish Wealth Tax with effect from tax period 2021133.Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to an 
annual Wealth Tax on the net worth of their individual's assets and rights, regardless of where they are 
located, to the extent that their net worth exceeds €700,000 (it being noted that a different tax exempt amount 
may be approved the relevant Spanish Autonomous Region). Therefore, Spanish holders of the Notes and 
Certificates must take into account the value of the Notes and Certificates which they hold as at 31 December 
each year when calculating their Wealth Tax liabilities. 
The marginal rates range between 0.2% and 2.5% and some reductions could apply. However, Spanish tax 
resident holders should take into account the specific tax regulations approved by their respective Spanish 
Autonomous Region, as some of them provides a full relief for Wealth Tax. 
133
Until fiscal year 2021, the effects of Wealth Tax have been extended, on a year by year basis, by different Royal-Decree-laws.

--- Page 1333 ---
TAXATION 
- 1333 - 
Inheritance and Gift Tax
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes and 
Certificates by inheritance, gift or legacy shall be subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance 
with applicable Spanish regional and State tax rules. The applicable tax rates range between 7.65% and 34% 
depending on the particular circumstances. This is nevertheless subject to the specific rules approved by the 
relevant Spanish Autonomous Regions with respect to this tax. 
1.2  
Warrants
Personal Income Tax
The following taxation considerations are based on the understanding that the Warrants should be treated as 
an option for Spanish tax purposes, therefore deriving capital gains or losses, as opposed to a debt instrument 
deriving income from the assignment of capital to third parties. If the Warrants were treated as a debt 
instrument for Spanish tax purposes, the applicable tax treatment would be the same as described for the 
Notes and Certificates.   
The premium or amount paid for the subscription or acquisition of the Warrants would not be considered as 
a deductible expense, but as the acquisition value, which would include the expenses and commissions, 
inherent to the acquisition, paid by the acquirer. 
Income obtained by the holders of the Warrants covered by this Base Prospectus on their transfer before the 
expiration date, will be considered as capital gains or losses in accordance with the provisions of the Spanish 
Personal Income Tax Law. The gain or loss shall be calculated as a difference between the transfer value, 
once any expenses and commissions paid by the taxpayer have been deducted, and the acquisition value, as 
defined above. 
Upon the exercise of the Warrants, income obtained would be considered as a capital gain or loss, which will 
be calculated as the difference between (i) the settlement price or amount, once any expenses and 
commissions paid by the taxpayer have been deducted, and (ii) the acquisition value, as defined above. 
Capital gains derived from the transfer or exercise of the Warrants will be included in the savings income tax 
base (renta del ahorro), which is subject to Personal Income Tax at the following tax rates: 19% on the first 
€6,000, 21% on the amount exceeding €6,000 up to €50,000, 23% on the amount exceeding €50,000 up to 
€200,000, and 26% on the amount exceeding €200,000. 
Failure to exercise any Warrants on the expiration date would give rise to a capital loss on the acquisition 
value.  
Losses that may derive from the transfer of the Warrants cannot be offset if the investor acquires 
homogeneous securities within the two-month period prior or subsequent to the transfer of the Warrants, until 
the investor transfers such homogeneous securities. 
Capital losses may offset capital gains obtained during the tax period included in the savings income tax 
base. The excess, if any, may be offset against the positive balance of capital gains and losses derived from 
the transfer of assets or rights within the following four years. Since 1 January 2015 it is allowed to offset 
the excess of capital losses with the positive balance of the income from the assignment of capital to third 
parties, up to 25% of this positive balance. Any remaining excess can offset the positive balance of the income 
from the assignment of capital to third parties within the following four years, up to the same limit. 
Wealth Tax
As indicated above, Law 11/2020, of 30 December, approving the State Budget for 2021 has permanently 
re-established Spanish Wealth Tax with effect from tax period 2021.Spanish tax resident individuals are 
subject to an annual Wealth Tax on the net worth of their individual's assets and rights, regardless of where

--- Page 1334 ---
TAXATION 
- 1334 - 
they are located, to the extent that their net worth exceeds €700,000 (it being  noted that a different tax exempt 
amount may be approved the relevant Spanish Autonomous Region). Therefore, Spanish holders of the 
Warrants must take into account the value of Warrants they hold as at 31 December each year when 
calculating their Wealth Tax liabilities. 
The marginal rates range between 0.2% and 2.5% and some reductions could apply. However, Spanish tax 
resident holders should take into account the specific tax regulations approved by their respective Spanish 
Autonomous Region, as some of them provides a full relief for Wealth Tax. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire ownership or other rights over the Warrants by 
inheritance, gift or legacy shall be subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax in accordance with applicable 
Spanish regional and State tax rules.  The applicable tax rates range between 7.65% and 34% depending on 
the particular circumstances. This is nevertheless subject to the specific rules approved by the relevant 
Spanish Autonomous Regions with respect to this tax. 
2.  
Legal Entities with Tax Residence in Spain
2.1  
Notes and Certificates
Corporate Income Tax
Both interest periodically received and income arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the 
Notes and Certificates obtained by entities which are resident for tax purposes in Spain shall be computed as 
taxable income of the tax period in which they accrue.  
The general tax rate for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers is 25%. However, please note that newly 
incorporated entities that develop economic activities are taxed at a 15% tax rate in the first taxable year in 
which their taxable base is positive and in the next one. Also, special rates apply in respect of certain types 
of entities. 
Tax credits to prevent international double taxation may apply in respect of taxes paid outside Spain on 
income deriving from the Notes and Certificates, if any. 
2.2  
Warrants
Corporate Income Tax 
The premium or amount paid for the subscription or acquisition of the Warrants would not be considered as 
a deductible expense, but as the acquisition value, which would include the expenses and commissions, 
inherent to the acquisition, paid by the acquirer. 
If the Warrants are transferred, the accounting result deriving from this transfer, calculated as the difference 
between the price received, once any expenses and commissions paid by the taxpayer have been deducted, 
and the acquisition value, as defined above, shall be treated as taxable income subject to Corporate Income 
Tax under the general provisions described for the Notes and Certificates. 
Upon the exercise of the Warrants, the income obtained, calculated as the difference between (i) the 
settlement price or amount, once any expenses and commissions paid by the taxpayer have been deducted, 
and (ii) the acquisition value, as defined above, shall be treated as taxable income subject to Corporate Income 
Tax under the general provisions described for the Notes and Certificates. If the exercise of the Warrants 
results in the acquisition of shares or other securities, no taxable income should arise for the investor until 
these shares or securities are transferred.

--- Page 1335 ---
TAXATION 
- 1335 - 
If the Warrants are not exercised at maturity, the investor shall obtain a tax deductible negative income 
amounting to the acquisition value of the Warrants.  
3.  
Non-resident investors with a permanent establishment in Spain
3.1 
 Notes and Certificates
A non-resident holder of the Notes and Certificates, who has a permanent establishment in Spain to which 
such Notes and Certificates are effectively connected with, is subject to Spanish Non-Residents' Income Tax 
on any income under the Notes and Certificates, including both interest periodically received and income 
arising on the disposal, redemption or reimbursement of the Notes and Certificates. In general terms, the tax 
rules applicable to individuals and entities non-resident in Spain acting through a permanent establishment 
in Spain are the same as those applicable to Corporate Income Tax taxpayers (explained above). 
3.2  
Warrants
A non-resident holder of the Warrants, who has a permanent establishment in Spain to which such Warrants 
are effectively connected with, is subject to Spanish Non-Residents' Income Tax on any income or gain 
derived from the Warrants, in a similar way than applicable to Spanish tax resident Corporate Income Tax 
taxpayers (explained above). 
4.  
Spanish withholding tax
We note that, under Spanish tax law, the Issuer should not be obliged to deduct withholdings on account of 
Spanish income taxes since it is not a Spanish tax resident entity and does not have a permanent establishment 
in Spain to which the issue of the Securities is connected.  
However, where a financial institution (either resident in Spain or acting through a permanent establishment 
in Spain) acts as depositary of the Notes or Certificates or intervenes as manager in the collection of any 
income under the Notes and Certificates, such financial institution will be responsible for making the relevant 
withholding on account of Spanish tax on any income deriving from the Notes and Certificates (income from 
Warrants will not be subject to withholding tax in Spain). To this effect income deriving from the Notes and 
Certificates includes not only interest payments but also income arising from the disposal, redemption or 
reimbursement of the Notes and Certificates, if any. 
The withholding tax rate in Spain is 19 per cent. Amounts withheld in Spain, if any, can be credited against 
the final Spanish Personal Income Tax liability, in the case of Spanish tax resident individuals, or against 
final Spanish Corporate Income Tax liability, in the case of Spanish corporate, or against final Non-Residents' 
Income Tax, in the case of a Spanish permanent establishment of a non-resident holder of the Notes and 
Certificates.  
Holders of the Notes and Certificates who are Corporate Income Tax taxpayers or Non-Residents' Income 
Tax taxpayers acting through a permanent establishment in Spain to which the Notes and Certificates are 
effectively connected with can benefit from a withholding tax exemption when the Notes and Certificates are 
(i) traded in an OECD official stock exchange, or (ii) represented in book-entry form and admitted to trading 
in a Spanish secondary stock exchange or in the Alternative Fixed Income Securities Market (MARF). 
Additionally, Spanish tax resident individuals holders of the Notes and Certificates can benefit from a 
withholding tax exemption in respect of the income arising from the transfer or repayment of the Notes and 
Certificates if the Notes and Certificates are represented in book-entry form and admitted to trading in a 
Spanish secondary stock exchange. However, under certain circumstances, when a transfer of the Notes and 
Certificates has occurred within the 30-day period immediately preceding any relevant interest payment date, 
the withholding tax exemption may not be applicable.

--- Page 1336 ---
TAXATION 
- 1336 - 
Furthermore, such financial institution may become obliged to comply with the formalities set out in the 
Regulations on Spanish Personal Income Tax and Corporate Income Tax when intervening in the transfer or 
reimbursement of the Notes and Certificates. 
5.  
Payments made by the Guarantor
With respect to payments made by a non-Spanish Guarantor (if applicable) to Spanish resident holders of 
Securities or non-resident holders with a permanent establishment in Spain to which the Securities are 
effectively connected, our understanding of Spanish tax law is that such payments should be treated as a 
payment made by the Issuer, and thus should be subject to the Spanish tax regime described in the previous 
paragraphs. 
6.  
Indirect taxation
No Transfer Tax, Stamp Duty or Value Added Tax shall be payable in Spain in connection with the 
acquisition, transfer, redemption, reimbursement and exchange of the Securities. 
7.  
Reporting obligations to the Spanish Tax Authorities
Spanish resident holders of Securities or non-resident holders with a permanent establishment in Spain to 
which the Securities are effectively connected should seek advice from their tax advisor as to whether they 
should include the Securities in the annual reporting (Form 720) to the Spanish Tax Authorities declaring the 
assets and rights held outside Spain. 
8.  
Spanish Financial Transaction Tax
The Spanish Financial Transaction Tax ("Spanish FTT") was approved by Law 5/2020, of 15 October, on 
the Financial Transaction Tax (the "Spanish FTT Law"). Spanish FTT is an indirect tax, chargeable on 
acquisitions of shares (and other securities) that fulfil certain conditions. The tax is applicable irrespective of 
the tax residence of the parties that take part in the transaction and irrespective of the place where the shares 
are traded. Prospective holders of the Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to Spanish FTT. 
7.  
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") treats a "dividend equivalent" 
payment as a dividend from sources within the United States that is generally subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. 
withholding tax which may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax 
liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely claims a credit or refund from the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). A "dividend equivalent" payment is (i) a substitute dividend payment 
made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that (directly or indirectly) is contingent 
upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, (ii) a 
payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that (directly or indirectly) is contingent 
upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within the United States, and 
(iii) any other payment determined by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment described in (i) or (ii). 
U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the "Section 871(m) 
Regulations") will, when effective, require withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the Securities with 
respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent payments.  Under the Section 871(m) Regulations, only a 
Security that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of the underlying U.S. security, 
based on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding 
regime (making such Security a "Specified Security"). Certain exceptions to this withholding requirement 
apply, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices.  
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on 
upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of the Specified Security.  If the underlying U.S. security

--- Page 1337 ---
TAXATION 
- 1337 - 
or securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Security, withholding generally 
will still be required even if the Specified Security does not provide for payments explicitly linked to 
dividends. Additionally, the Issuer may withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the Securities 
in respect of any dividend equivalent arising with respect to such Securities regardless of any exemption 
from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, where a non-U.S. holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty 
with the United States).  A non-U.S. holder may be able to claim a refund of any excess withholding provided 
the required information is timely furnished to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Refund claims are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements and there can be no assurance that a particular refund claim will be timely paid 
or paid at all. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the Issuer 
nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so 
withheld. 
Pursuant to IRS guidance, a Security issued prior to 1 January 2023 that does not have a "delta" of one with 
respect to underlying securities that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
generally will not be considered a Specified Security subject to the 871(m) Regulations.  If the terms of a 
Security are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax purposes) the Security generally 
would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of determining, based 
on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such Security is a Specified Security. Similarly, if 
additional Securities of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, such as certain 
sales of Securities out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue date for 
determining whether the existing Securities are Specified Securities as the date of such subsequent sale or 
issuance.  Consequently, a previously out of scope Security might become a Specified Security following 
such modification or further issuance.  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that Securities are Specified 
Securities and may specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the application of 
Section 871(m) to such Securities.  The applicable Final Terms will also indicate if payments on a series of 
Specified Securities are calculated by reference to "Net Dividends" (i.e., the dividends paid by an issuer of a 
security net of 30 per cent. U.S. federal withholding tax) or "Net Total Returns" (i.e., the net total return of 
the U.S. source dividend paying components, as calculated by the relevant Index Sponsor, of an index that 
reinvests U.S. source dividends paid by an issuer of a security that is a component of the index net of 30 per 
cent. U.S. withholding tax on such U.S. source dividends). A non-U.S. holder of such Specified Securities 
should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any  underlying dividend-paying U.S. securities.  The 
Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of the Securities, but it is not binding on the IRS. The 
Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to Securities linked to U.S. 
securities and their application to a specific issue of Securities may be uncertain. Prospective investors should 
consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) to the Securities. 
8.  
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, withholding may be required on, 
among other things, (i) certain payments made by "foreign financial institutions" ("foreign passthru 
payments") and (ii) dividend equivalent payments in respect of a Specified Security (as described above in 
"U.S. Dividend Equivalent Withholding"), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements.  The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes.  A number 
of jurisdictions have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes.

--- Page 1338 ---
TAXATION 
- 1338 - 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Securities, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments from the 
disposition of Securities that generate dividend equivalent payments, such withholding would not apply prior 
to the date that is two years after the publication in the Federal Register of final regulations defining this term 
and Securities characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or before the relevant grandfathering date would be 
"grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including 
by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). The grandfathering date for (A) Securities that give rise solely to 
foreign passthru payments, is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. Treasury 
regulations defining the term foreign passthru payment are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) Securities 
that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code and the U.S. Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder, is six months after the date on which obligations of its type are first 
treated as giving rise to dividend equivalents. If additional Securities (as described under "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues" or "Terms and Conditions of the Certificates – Further Issues", as 
applicable) that are not distinguishable from such previously issued grandfathered Securities are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all Securities, including the Securities offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering 
period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding 
how these rules may apply to their investment in the Securities.  In the event any withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Securities, no person will be required 
to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
On 28 March 2014, the United States and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg concluded an intergovernmental 
agreement, Agreement between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg to Improve International Tax Compliance and with respect to The United States 
information reporting provisions commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (the 
"Luxembourg IGA"). Under the Luxembourg IGA, the United States and Luxembourg have agreed to 
implement FATCA through domestic reporting obligations for financial institutions, an automatic exchange 
of account information between the public authorities of the two countries and on the basis of existing 
bilateral tax treaties. The Luxembourg IGA as well as the related exchange of notes signed on 31 March 2015 
and on 1 April 2015 have been approved in Luxembourg by the law of 24 July 2015 (the "Law"). 
9.  
COMMON REPORTING STANDARD
Capitalised terms used in this section should have the meaning as set forth in the CRS Law (as defined below), 
unless provided otherwise herein. 
The Issuer may be subject to the Common Reporting Standard (the "CRS") as set out in the Luxembourg law 
dated 18 December 2015 (the "CRS Law") implementing Directive 2014/107/EU which provides for an 
automatic exchange of financial account information between Member States of the European Union as well 
as the OECD’s multilateral competent authority agreement on automatic exchange of financial account 
information signed on 29 October 2014 in Berlin, with effect as of 1 January 2016. 
Under the terms of the CRS Law, the Issuer is likely to be treated as a Luxembourg Reporting Financial 
Institution.  
As such, as of 30 June 2017 and without prejudice to other applicable data protection provisions, the Issuer 
will be required to annually report to the Luxembourg tax authorities personal and financial information 
related, inter alia, to the identification of, holdings by and payments made to (i) certain Holders of Securities 
qualifying as Reportable Persons as per the CRS Law and (ii) Controlling Persons of certain non-financial 
entities ("NFEs") which are themselves Reportable Persons. This information, as exhaustively set out in 
Annex I of the CRS Law (the "Information"), will include personal data related to the Reportable Persons.  
The Issuer’s ability to satisfy its reporting obligations under the CRS Law will depend on each Holder of 
Securities providing the Issuer with the Information, along with the required supporting documentary

--- Page 1339 ---
TAXATION 
- 1339 - 
evidence. In this context, the Holder of Securities are hereby informed that, as data controller, the Issuer will 
process the Information for the purposes as set out in the CRS Law.  
Holders of Securities qualifying as passive NFEs undertake to inform their Controlling Persons, if applicable, 
of the processing of their Information by the Issuer. 
Additionally, the Issuer is responsible for the processing of personal data and each Holder of Securities has 
a right to access the data communicated to the Luxembourg tax authorities and to correct such data (if 
necessary). Any data obtained by the Issuer are to be processed in accordance with the amended Luxembourg 
law dated 1 August 2018 on the protection of persons with regard to the processing of personal data. 
The Holders of Securities are further informed that the Information related to Reportable Persons within the 
meaning of the CRS Law will be disclosed to the Luxembourg tax authorities annually for the purposes set 
out in the CRS Law. The Luxembourg tax authorities will, under their own responsibility, eventually 
exchange the reported information to the competent authority of the Reportable Jurisdiction. In particular, 
Reportable Persons are informed that certain operations performed by them will be reported to them through 
the issuance of statements, and that part of this information will serve as a basis for the annual disclosure to 
the Luxembourg tax authorities. 
Similarly, the Holders of Securities undertake to inform the Issuer within thirty (30) days of receipt of these 
statements should any included personal data be not accurate. The Holders of Securities further undertake to 
immediately inform the Issuer of, and provide the Issuer with all supporting documentary evidence of any 
changes related to the Information after occurrence of such changes. 
Any Holder of Securities that fails to comply with the Issuer’s Information or documentation requests may 
be held liable for penalties imposed on the Issuer as a result of such Holder of Securities failure to provide 
the Information or subject to disclosure of the Information by the Issuer to the Luxembourg tax authorities 
and the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, redeem the Securities of such Holder of Securities.

--- Page 1340 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1340 - 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
The Dealers have, in a dealer agreement (the "Dealer Agreement", which expression includes the same as it 
may be updated or supplemented from time to time) dated 6 February 2009 as most recently amended and 
restated on 22 September 2022, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they (or any one of them) may 
from time to time agree to purchase Securities.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under 
"Form of the Notes", in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants 
and in the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates above.  In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed 
to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future 
update of the Programme and the issue of Securities under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers 
against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) following a 
change in the relevant law, regulation or directive and in certain other circumstances as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s).  Any such modification will be set out in a Supplement to this 
Base Prospectus and (if applicable) the syndication agreement in respect of the Series (and/or Tranche, as 
the case may be) to which it is related.   
Selling Restrictions: Jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area  
United States  
Selling Restrictions
Neither the Securities, the Guarantee nor any Entitlement to be delivered upon the exercise or redemption of 
Physical Delivery Securities have been or will be registered under the Securities Act or under any state 
securities laws, and may not be offered, sold, delivered or exercised within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Trading in the Securities has not been approved by the U.S. Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will offer, sell or deliver such Securities only in accordance with Rule 
903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act and all applicable U.S. state securities laws.  Each Dealer has 
further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will 
send to each dealer to which it sells any Securities during the distribution compliance period a confirmation 
or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Securities within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes that constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982, the U.S. Tax Code, or U.S. Treasury regulations and are not considered to be in 
"registered form" for U.S. federal income tax purposes ("TEFRA Notes") are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to or for 
the account or benefit of a United States person except in compliance with (U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163- 
5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 
4701 of the U.S. Tax Code (the "TEFRA D Rules").

--- Page 1341 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1341 - 
In this regard, with respect to TEFRA Notes issued in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules, the Issuer and 
each Dealer and each other Dealer or purchaser (as the case may be) has represented and agreed, and each 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme will be deemed to represent and agree, that in addition to 
the relevant U.S. securities selling restrictions set forth herein: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during 
the restricted period it will not offer or sell, TEFRA Notes in bearer form to a person who is within 
the United States or its possessions or to a United States person and (y) it has not delivered and 
agrees that it will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive TEFRA Notes 
that will be sold during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has and agrees that throughout the restricted period it will have in effect procedures reasonably 
designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling TEFRA Notes 
are aware that TEFRA Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who 
is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person (except to the extent 
permitted under the TEFRA D Rules); 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the TEFRA Notes for purposes of resale in connection 
with their original issuance, and if it retains TEFRA Notes for its own account, it will do so in 
accordance with the requirements of the TEFRA D Rules; 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate or distributor that acquires TEFRA Notes from the Issuer or any Dealer 
for the purpose of offering or selling such TEFRA Notes during the restricted period, the Issuer or 
Dealer either repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in subclauses (a), 
(b), and (c) above on such affiliate’s or distributor’s behalf or agrees that it will obtain from such 
affiliate or distributor for the benefit of Issuer or Dealer the representations and agreements 
contained in such subclauses; and  
(e) 
it has not and agrees that it will not enter into any written contract (other than confirmation or other 
notice of the transaction) pursuant to which any other party to the contract (other than one of its 
affiliates or another Dealer) has offered or sold, or during the restricted period will offer or sell, any 
TEFRA Notes except where pursuant to the contract the Dealer has obtained or will obtain from that 
party, for the benefit of Issuer and the Dealer, the representations contained in, and that party’s 
agreement to comply with, the provisions of subclauses (a), (b), (c) and (d). 
Terms used in this section shall have the meanings given to them by the Internal Revenue Code and the 
regulations thereunder, including the TEFRA D Rules. 
On March 18, 2010, the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act (the "HIRE Act") was signed into 
law by President Barack Obama, which, among things, repeals the TEFRA D Rules for TEFRA Notes 
originally issued after March 18, 2012.  However, in Notice 2012-20, the U.S. Department of Treasury and 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service indicated that they intend to provide in regulations that rules identical to 
the TEFRA D Rules will apply to non-US issuers of TEFRA Notes for purposes of establishing an exemption 
from the excise tax imposed by Section 4701 of the U.S. Tax Code. (The amount of the excise tax is one per 
cent. of the principal amount of the obligation, multiplied by the number of calendar years until the obligation 
reaches maturity.)  The U.S. Department of Treasury and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service has proposed 
regulations generally consistent with such Notice. Consequently, TEFRA Notes issued in accordance with 
the TEFRA D Rules should continue to be treated as “foreign targeted obligations” that are exempt from the 
excise tax. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Securities, an offer or sale of such 
Securities within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 1342 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1342 - 
Each issuance of Securities, whether linked to an Underlying Reference, Physical Delivery Notes, Physical 
Delivery Certificates or Physical Delivery Warrants or otherwise, as the case may be, shall be subject to such 
additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the issuance 
and purchase of such Securities, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The issuance of the Securities was not designed to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules other than the 
"foreign safe harbor" exemption under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, and no other steps have been taken by 
the Issuer, BNPP, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or any other party to accomplish such compliance. 
The Securities are being issued and offered in reliance on an exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules 
for non-U.S. transactions. To qualify for the "foreign transaction safe harbor" exemption, non-U.S. 
transactions must meet certain requirements, including that (1) the transaction is not required to be and is not 
registered under the Securities Act; (2) no more than 10 per cent. of the securities issued in the securitization 
transaction are sold or transferred to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. 
Risk Retention Rules and referred to in this prospectus as "Risk Retention U.S. Persons"); (3) neither the 
sponsor nor the issuer of the securitization transaction is organized under U.S. law or is a branch located in 
the United States of a non-U.S. entity; and (4) no more than 25 per cent. of the underlying collateral was 
acquired from a majority-owned affiliate or branch of the sponsor or issuer organized or located in the United 
States. 
As part of the initial distribution of the Securities of each Series, such Securities may not be purchased by 
any person except for persons that are not "U.S. persons" as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, or 
"Risk Retention U.S. Persons". "U.S. Risk Retention Rules" means Regulation RR (17 C.F.R Part 246) 
implementing the risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended.  Prospective investors should note that, although the definition of "U.S. person" in the U.S. Risk 
Retention Rules is very similar to the definition of "U.S. person" in Regulation S, there are substantial 
differences between the two definitions and that persons who are not "U.S. persons" under Regulation S may 
be "U.S. persons" under the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Each purchaser of Securities, including beneficial interests in such Securities shall be deemed to have made 
the following representations: that it (1) is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person, (2) is acquiring such Securities 
or a beneficial interest in such Securities for its own account and not with a view to distribute such Securities, 
or, in the case of a distributor, will only distribute such Securities to a person which is not a Risk Retention 
U.S. Person, and (3) is not acquiring such Securities or a beneficial interest in such Securities as part of a 
scheme to evade the requirements of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may sell a limited portion of such Notes to, or for the account or 
benefit of, Risk Retention U.S. Persons under an exemption from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. 
Transfer Restrictions 
Each purchaser of Notes, Warrants and Certificates will be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as 
follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Regulation S are used herein as defined therein): 
(a) 
that it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person nor is it purchasing Notes, Warrants or 
Certificates on behalf of a U.S. person; 
(b) 
in the case of Warrants and Exercisable Certificates, that the Warrants may not be exercised in the 
United States or by or on behalf of a U.S. person. In addition, a person exercising a Warrant, may 
be required by the Issuer to deliver additional documents for compliance with Regulation S and the 
securities laws of the United States, which documents may include, the delivery by such person of 
either (i) a certificate to the effect that the person exercising the Warrant is not a U.S. person and the 
Warrant is not being exercised on behalf of a U.S. person and/or (ii) a written opinion of counsel to

--- Page 1343 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1343 - 
the effect that the Warrant and the securities delivered upon exercise thereof have been registered 
under the Securities Act or are exempt from registration thereunder; 
(c) 
that the Securities are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering in the 
United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Securities have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable U.S. state securities laws and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons;  
(d) 
that Securities are being offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and will be 
represented by one or more, in the case of Notes, Registered Global Notes or, in the case of Warrants, 
Registered Global Warrants or, in the case of Certificates, Registered Global Certificates;  
(e) 
that the Issuer has not registered, and does not intend to register, as an investment company under 
the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 and that any transfer of the Securities which would cause 
the Issuer, any Compartment or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to become required to register 
under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 will be void; 
(f) 
that if it should resell or otherwise transfer the Securities, it will do so only outside the United States 
to or for the account of non-U.S. persons in compliance with Rule 903 or 904 of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws and it 
acknowledges that the global Notes, Global Warrants and Global Certificates will bear a legend to 
the following effect unless otherwise agreed to by the Issuer: 
"THE [NOTES REPRESENTED BY THIS SECURITY]/[WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY 
THIS SECURITY AND SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED UPON ITS EXERCISE]/[CERTIFICATES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS SECURITY] HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED 
UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), 
OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND, ACCORDINGLY, 
MAY NOT BE [OFFERED, TRANSFERRED, DELIVERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS]/ [OFFERED, 
SOLD, TRANSFERRED, DELIVERED OR EXERCISED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR 
TO, BY, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS]. THE ISSUER HAS NOT 
REGISTERED, AND DOES NOT INTEND TO REGISTER, AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY 
UNDER THE U.S. INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940. THE FOREGOING TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS ARE INTENDED TO ENSURE THAT THE ISSUER IS NOT REQUIRED TO 
REGISTER AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY AND ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF 
THE FOREGOING TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS WILL BE VOID."; and 
(g) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account.  Each purchaser 
and each subsequent holder is required to notify any transferee of the restructuring or transfer set 
forth above. 
Selling Restrictions: Jurisdictions within the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom 
Public Offer Selling Restrictions under the Prospectus Regulation 
Please note that, in relation to EEA States, additional selling restrictions may apply in respect of any specific 
EEA State, including those set out below in relation to France, Belgium, Spain, The Grand Duchy of

--- Page 1344 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1344 - 
Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Czech Republic and the Republic of Italy. Please also note that additional 
selling restrictions apply in respect of the United Kingdom, as set out below. 
European Economic Area  
If the Final Terms specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors – Selling Restriction" as 
"Applicable", Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA, other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document is made 
available.  If the Final Terms specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors – Selling 
Restriction" as not applicable, Securities which are the subject of an offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms may be offered, sold or otherwise made available to retail 
investors in the EEA, provided that, where a key information document is required pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation"), as the case may be, the Securities may only be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to retail investors in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document is 
made available.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EC (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Securities. 
With respect to each such Member State of the EEA which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, 
a "Relevant Member State"), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that with effect from and including the date on 
which the Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the "Relevant 
Implementation Date") it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Relevant Member State, except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant 
Implementation Date, make an offer of such Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State and in 
the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document is made available may be made:  
(a)  
if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1.4 and/or Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
Member State (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation 
to such Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to 
its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer;  
(b)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 1345 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1345 - 
(c)  
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or  
(d)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1.4 and/or Article 3.2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or Section 85 of the Financial 
Services and Market Act 2000 (the "FSMA") or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation.   
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any 
Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities, as the same may be varied in that Member State by any 
measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments thereto), and includes any relevant 
implementing measure in the Relevant Member State. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
– Selling Restriction" as applicable, Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto may not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom unless a key information document (if required) is 
made available in the United Kingdom. If the Final Terms in respect of any Securities specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors – Selling Restriction" as not applicable, Securities 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto may be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom, provided that, where a key information document is required pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA") (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation"), the Securities may only be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to retail investors in the United Kingdom if a key information document is made available in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision:
(a) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Offers of Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom may not be made, except offers

--- Page 1346 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1346 - 
of such Securities to the public in the United Kingdom may be made if a key information document is made 
available and: 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the  Issuer or any Manager for any such offer; or 
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 75 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any Securities means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Securities; and 
(ii) "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom  
In relation to each Tranche of Securities, each Dealer subscribing for or purchasing such Securities has 
represented to, warranted and agreed with, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each 
other Dealer will be required to represent to, warrant and agree with, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if 
applicable), that:  
(a)  
in relation to Securities having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Securities other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(b)  
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not or, in the case of the Guarantor (if 
applicable), would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and  
(c)  
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.   
France  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations

--- Page 1347 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1347 - 
in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Securities and the distribution in France of the 
Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Securities. 
Ireland 
Any offer, sale, placement or underwriting of, or any other action in connection with, any Securities in or 
involving Ireland must be in conformity with the following: 
(a) 
the provisions of the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (the "2014 Act");  
(b) 
the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) and any delegated or 
implementing acts adopted thereunder,  the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of 
Ireland and any other Irish prospectus law as defined in the 2014 Act, the Central Bank (Investment 
Market Conduct) Rules 2019 of Ireland and any other rules made or guidelines issued under Section 
1363 of the 2014 Act by the Central Bank of Ireland; 
(c) 
the provisions of the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 of Ireland and any rules or codes of conduct 
or practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 of Ireland or any regulations 
made pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 of Ireland; 
(d) 
the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014, the Market Abuse Directive on 
criminal sanctions for market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016 of Ireland and any Irish market abuse law as defined in those Regulations or in the 
2014 Act and any rules made or guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland in connection 
therewith  (including any rules made or guidelines issued under Section 1370 of the 2014 Act by the 
Central Bank of Ireland); and 
(e) 
(i) all applicable provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 
2017 of Ireland (the "MiFID II Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 
(Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof and in 
connection with the MiFID II Regulations, any rules or codes of conduct or practice, or any 
conditions or requirements or any other enactment imposed or approved by the Central Bank of 
Ireland, (ii) the provisions of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 and Directive 2014/65/EU on markets 
in financial instruments and any delegated or implementing acts adopted thereunder and any 
applicable rules or codes of conduct or practice, and (iii) the provisions of the Investor Compensation 
Act 1998 of Ireland. 
References in this section to any legislation (including, without limitation, European Union legislation) shall 
be deemed to refer to such legislation as the same has been or may from time to time be amended, 
supplemented, consolidated or replaced and shall include reference to all implementing measures, delegated 
acts, statutory instruments, rules and guidance in respect thereof. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Securities has not been registered and will not be registered with the Italian Financial 
Regulator (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa  or "CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, the Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme and each other Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that no Securities may be 
offered, sold, promoted, advertised or delivered, directly or indirectly, to the public in the Republic of Italy, 
nor may copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document relating to the Securities be 
distributed, made available or advertised in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(1) 
to "Qualified Investors" (Investitori Qualificati) as defined pursuant to article  2 of the Regulation 
(EU) No. 1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") and any applicable provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as

--- Page 1348 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1348 - 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Italian Financial Services Act") and any other 
Italian laws and regulations; or 
(2) 
if it is specified within the relevant Final Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in the Republic 
of Italy, that each Dealer may offer, sell or deliver Securities or distribute copies of any prospectus 
relating to such Securities, provided that such prospectus has been (i) approved in another Relevant 
Member State and notified to CONSOB, and (ii) completed by final terms (if applicable) expressly 
contemplating such non-exempt offer, in an offer of financial products to the public in the period 
commencing on the date of approval of such prospectus, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation Italian Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, each 
as amended and supplemented from time to time, and any other applicable Italian laws; or 
(3) 
in any other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, article 100 of the Italian Financial Services Act, article 34-ter of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, each as amended and supplemented from time to 
time and any other applicable laws and regulations. 
In any event, any such offer, sale, promotion, advertisement or delivery of the Securities or distribution of 
copies of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other document relating to the Securities in the 
Republic of Italy under paragraphs (1), (2) or (3) above must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary - an "authorised entity" (soggetto 
abilitato) - permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Italian 
Financial Services Act, the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the "Italian Consolidated Banking Act") and CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018, as amended and supplemented from time to time); and 
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement or limitations imposed 
by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy (including, the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant 
to Article 129 of the Italian Consolidated Banking Act and the relevant implementing guidelines) or 
any other competent authority.  
Article 30 of the Italian Financial Services Act permits the promotion and placement to the public in the 
Republic of Italy of financial instruments in a place other than the registered office or establishments of the 
issuer, the offeror or the appointed person carrying out such promotion and/or placement, under certain 
conditions.  Such activity is referred in the Italian Financial Services Act as "door-to-door selling" (offerta 
fuori sede).  Pursuant to paragraph 6 of Article 30 of the Italian Financial Services Act, all door-to-door 
selling of financial instruments must be accompanied by a clear indication to investors that they have a right 
of withdrawal from any contract entered into pursuant to door-to-door selling, exercisable within a period of 
seven days from the date of subscription by the investor. Within such period, contracts entered into pursuant 
to door-to-door selling shall not be enforceable, and investors may exercise their withdrawal right without 
payment of any charge or commission by contacting the offeror or appointed person with whom the 
subscription for Securities was placed. Failure to indicate such right of withdrawal in the relevant forms given 
to investors shall result in the nullity of the related contracts, which may be enforced only by the relevant 
customer. If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a non-exempt offer of Securities in the Republic of 
Italy may be made using door-to-door selling in accordance with Article 30 of the Italian Financial Services 
Act during the period specified in such Final Terms.  Further, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
Securities may be offered in the Republic of Italy to investors through recorded telephone orders pursuant to 
applicable Italian law. 
Provisions relating to the secondary market in Republic of Italy  
Investors should also note that, in accordance with article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation and the applicable 
Italian laws, where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (1) and (3) 
above, the subsequent distribution on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy of the Securities must be

--- Page 1349 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1349 - 
made in compliance with the rules on the offer of securities to be made to the public provided under the 
Prospectus Regulation and the applicable Italian laws. Failure to comply with such rules may result, inter 
alia, in the sale of such Securities being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary 
transferring the Securities for any damages suffered by the investors. 
Spain 
Neither the Securities nor this Base Prospectus have been approved or registered with the Spanish Securities 
Markets Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores).  Accordingly, the Securities may not be 
offered, distributed, sold or re-sold in Spain except in compliance with the requirements set out in Royal 
Decree Law 4/2015, of 23 October, which approves the consolidated text of the Securities Market Law (Real 
Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley del Mercado 
de Valores) as amended from time to time (the "Spanish Securities Market Law") and Royal Decree 
1310/2005 of 4 November which partially develops the Securities Market Law regarding the admission to 
trading of securities in official secondary markets, public offers for sale or subscription and the prospectus 
required for such purposes (Real Decreto 1310/2005 de 4 de noviembre por el que se desarrolla parcialmente 
la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de admisión a negociación de valores en 
mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o suscripción y del folleto exigible a tales 
efectos), and supplemental rules enacted thereunder or in substitution thereof from time to time. Once the 
Base Prospectus has been passported into Spain, any offer of the Securities in Spain made pursuant to such 
passported Base Prospectus shall be addressed only, and offer material will be solely made available, to those 
investors to which the offer is addressed according to the referred Spanish Securities Market Law and Royal 
Decree 1310/2005 of 4 November and any other terms and conditions that may apply to the passporting of 
the Base Prospectus into Spain. 
The Netherlands 
A.  
Applicable to all Securities 
Each Dealer represents and agrees that the Securities (or any interest therein) may not, directly or indirectly, 
be offered, sold, pledged, delivered or transferred in The Netherlands, on their issue date or at any time 
thereafter and neither the Base Prospectus nor any other document in relation to any offering of the Securities 
(or any interest therein) may be distributed or circulated in The Netherlands other than to qualified investors 
("QIs") (gekwalificeerde beleggers) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het 
financieel toezicht) and provided that these parties acquire the relevant Securities for their own account or 
that of another QI. 
B. 
Specific to Zero Coupon Notes 
Notes which qualify as savings certificates as defined in the Savings Certificates Act (Wet inzake 
spaarbewijzen) ("SCA") may only be transferred or accepted through the mediation of either the Issuer or an 
admitted institution of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due compliance with the SCA and its implementing 
regulations, provided that no mediation is required in respect of:  
(a)  
the initial issue of those Notes to the first holders thereof; 
(b)  
any transfer and delivery by individuals who do not act in the conduct of a profession or trade; and 
(c)  
the issue and trading of those Notes, if they are physically issued outside The Netherlands and are 
not distributed in The Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it (i) has mentioned and shall mention the relevant 
selling restriction on all offers, offer advertisements, publications and other documents or advertisements in 
which such an offer of the Notes is made or such a forthcoming offer is announced (whether electronically 
or otherwise) and (ii) shall not offer, sell or transfer or cause the Notes in definitive form and other Notes in 
definitive form on which interest does not become due and payable during their term but only at maturity, to

--- Page 1350 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1350 - 
be offered, sold or transferred directly or indirectly, within, from or into The Netherlands, except in 
conformity with the requirements of the SCA. 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  
In relation to the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg ("Luxembourg"), which has implemented the  Prospectus 
Regulation by the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 relating to prospectuses for securities (the "Prospectus 
Act 2019"), each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and 
each other Dealer will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms to the public in Luxembourg, except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public 
in Luxembourg:  
(a)  
if the Final Terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be made 
other than pursuant to article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation (a "Non-exempt Offer"), following 
the date of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the "CSSF"), as competent authority in 
Luxembourg or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State of the European Economic 
Area which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation and notified to the CSSF, provided that the 
Base Prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-
exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on 
the dates specified in the Base Prospectus or the Final Terms, as applicable;  
(b)  
at any time, to legal entities which are qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
 (c)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons per Member State (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer, or  
(d)  
at any time, in any other circumstances falling within article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.   
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to any 
Securities in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg means the communication in any form by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe to these Securities. 
Czech Republic 
The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the Czech National Bank. No action has been 
taken in the Czech Republic (including the obtaining of the prospectus approval from the Czech National 
Bank and the admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined in section 55(1) of the Act of the Czech 
Republic No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as amended (the "Capital 
Market Act"))) for the purposes of any Securities to qualify as securities admitted to trading on the regulated 
market in the Czech Republic within the meaning of the Capital Market Act. 
No offers or sales of any Securities may be made in the Czech Republic through a public offering, except in 
compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and the Capital Market Act. Public offering means, subject to 
several exemptions set out in the Prospectus Regulation and the Capital Market Act, a communication to 
persons in any form and by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
securities to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those securities.

--- Page 1351 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1351 - 
All applicable provisions of the Capital Market Act, the Act of the Czech Republic No. 21/1992 Coll., on 
Banks, as amended, the Act of the Czech Republic No. 240/2013 Coll., on Management Companies and 
Investment Funds, as amended or any other applicable laws of the Czech Republic in respect of the Securities 
and its offering in the Czech Republic have been complied with. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Securities for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, an offering of Securities may not be advertised to any individual 
in Belgium qualifying as a consumer (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of Article I.1, 2º of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended 
from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and Securities may not be offered, sold or resold, transferred or 
delivered, and no prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in 
relation to the Securities may be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
This Base Prospectus has not been, and it is not expected that it will be, submitted for approval to the Belgian 
Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten / Autorité des 
Services et Marchés Financiers) (the "Belgian FSMA") as a prospectus relating to Securities with a maturity 
of less than 12 months qualifying as money market instruments within the meaning of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Belgian Prospectus Law (as defined below). Accordingly, no action will be taken by the  
Issuer or any Dealer in connection with the issue of Securities that would require the publication of a 
prospectus pursuant to the Belgian law of 11 July 2018 on the offering of investment instruments to the public 
and the admission of investment instruments to trading on a regulated market (the "Belgian Prospectus 
Law"). 
In the case of Fund Linked Securities, if the relevant underlying funds are not registered in Belgium with the 
Belgian FSMA in accordance with the Belgian law of 3 August 2012 on the collective investment 
undertakings satisfying the conditions set out in Directive 2009/65/EC and undertakings for investment in 
receivables, as amended or replaced from time to time or the Belgian law of 19 April 2014 on alternative 
collective investment undertakings and their managers, as amended or replaced from time to time, as 
applicable, such Fund Linked Securities cannot be offered in Belgium unless (i) such Securities are cash 
settled or (ii) if the relevant underlying fund is a UCITS within the meaning of Directive 2009/65/EC, such 
Securities are offered to qualified investors only or to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors).  
The Securities shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in accordance with Article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 2005 on the abolition of securities in bearer form. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Dealer will 
be required to agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or 
possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus or any offering material and will obtain any consent, approval 
or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Securities under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales 
or deliveries and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) nor any other Dealer shall have any 
responsibility therefor.   
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any of the Dealers represents that Securities may at any 
time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 1352 ---
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
- 1352 - 
With regard to each Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be), the relevant Dealer will be required to 
comply with such other restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms and relevant syndication agreement (if applicable).

--- Page 1353 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
- 1353 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The publication of this Base Prospectus has been approved by a resolution of the Board of the Issuer on 21 
September 2022.   
Listing, Approval and Admission to Trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange  
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus.  Application has also 
been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for 
the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). In the case of any non-exempt offer of 
Securities in respect of which application is not made to have such Securities admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, details of any stock exchange in respect of which an application has or will be 
made to have such Securities admitted to trading will be included in Part B, paragraph 1 of the relevant Final 
Terms.  
Availability of Documents  
Copies of the following documents will, be available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Principal Warrant and Certificate Agent:  
(a) 
copies of the Articles of the Issuer; 
(b)  
the Master Trust Terms (which includes, inter alia, the forms of the global Notes (including 
Registered Global Notes), the forms of the Global Warrants (including Registered Global Warrants), 
the forms of the Global Certificates (including Registered Global Certificates) Receipts, Coupons 
and Talons, Notes in definitive form);  
(c)  
a copy of this Base Prospectus;  
(d)  
the Dealer Agreement and the Agency Agreement; 
(e) 
any future prospectuses, information memoranda and supplements including the Final Terms (save 
that Final Terms relating to Private Placement Notes, Private Placement Warrants and Private 
Placement Certificates will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note, Warrant or 
Certificate respectively and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer or Paying 
Agent as to its holding of such Notes, Warrants or Certificates and identity) to this Base Prospectus 
and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference;  
(f) 
copies of the Statuts of BNP Paribas (with English translation thereof); and 
(g) 
copies of any Guarantees. 
Copies of the documents listed in paragraphs (a) to (c) will be available on the following website: 
www.securasset.lu.  This Base Prospectus will be available for a period of ten years following the date of 
approval of this Base Prospectus. Copies of the documents which are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus are available on the websites set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Documents 
Incorporated By Reference". Copies of the Statuts of the Guarantor will be available on the following 
website: https://invest.bnpparibas/document/statuts-5 with the English translation thereof available on 
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/articles-of-association-5. Where a Guarantee is entered into in

--- Page 1354 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
- 1354 - 
connection with an issue of Securities, material contracts and other documents relating to the Guarantee will 
be available on the following website: securasset.lu. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, documents incorporated by reference herein and any Final Terms relating 
to Securities admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market as aforementioned 
will be published on the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu.  
Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy of the ISDA Definitions and/or the FBF 
Agreement. 
No Material Adverse Change  
Issuer 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2021 (being the end of the latest financial year for which audited financial information has been 
published). 
BNPP  
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of BNPP or the BNPP Group 
since 31 December 2021 (being the end of the last financial period for which audited financial statements 
have been published). 
No Significant Change  
Issuer 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer since 30 June 2022 
(being the end of the last financial period for which interim financial statements have been published).   
BNPP  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of BNPP or the BNPP Group 
since 30 June 2022 (being the end of the last financial period for which interim financial statements have 
been published). 
Litigation  
Issuer 
There have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the period covering at least the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects 
on the Issuer's financial position or profitability. 
BNPP 
Save as disclosed on pages 102 and 103 of the Fourth Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English), there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which BNPP is aware), during the period covering at 
least the twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on BNPP’s and/or the BNPP Group's financial position or profitability.

--- Page 1355 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
- 1355 - 
Clearing Systems  
Securities in Euroclear/Clearstream 
The Securities have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The 
appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Series (and/or Tranche, as the case may be) of Securities 
allocated by Clearstream, Luxembourg will be contained in the applicable Final Terms.   
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels, Belgium; the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price  
The price and amount of Securities to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.   
Auditors  
Issuer 
The auditors of the Issuer are PricewaterhouseCoopers.  The auditors of the Issuer have no material interest 
in the Issuer. 
BNPP
The statutory auditors (Commissaires aux comptes) of BNPP are currently the following: 
Deloitte & Associés was re-appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 24 May 2018 
for a six-year period expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2024 to approve the 
financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023.  The firm was first appointed at the Annual 
General Meeting of 23 May 2006. 
Deloitte & Associés is represented by Laurence Dubois. 
Deputy: 
Société BEAS, 6 place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense (92), France, SIREN No. 315 172 445, 
Nanterre trade and companies register. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit was re-appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 24 
May 2018 for a six-year period expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2024 to approve 
the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023.  The firm was first appointed at the Annual 
General Meeting of 26 May 1994. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit is represented by Patrice Morot. 
Deputy: 
Jean-Baptiste Deschryver, 63, Rue de Villiers, Neuilly-sur-Seine (92), France. 
Mazars was re-appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 24 May 2018 for a six-year 
period expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2024 to approve the financial statements 
for the year ending 31 December 2023.  The firm was first appointed at the Annual General Meeting of 23 
May 2000. 
Mazars is represented by Virginie Chauvin. 
Deputy:

--- Page 1356 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
- 1356 - 
Charles de Boisriou, 61, rue Henri Regnault, Courbevoie (92), France. 
Deloitte & Associés, PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, and Mazars are registered as statutory auditors with the 
Versailles Regional Association of statutory auditors, under the authority of the French National Accounting 
Oversight Board (Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes). 
The BNPP Group divides the audit committee responsibility to review the annual consolidated financial 
statements of BNPP between a Financial Statements Committee and an Internal Control, Risk Management 
and Compliance Committee. Please refer to pages 51 to 53 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) (which is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus) for further details. 
Board of Directors 
The members of the Board of Directors of BNPP are displayed on pages 35 to 50 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) and page 237 of the Third Amendment to the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) which is incorporated by reference herein. 
Post issuance information  
The Issuer will not provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Information sourced from a third party 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sources from third parties, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the information published 
by such third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. Any websites included in the 
Base Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not 
been scrutinised or approved by CSSF. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, either Guarantor (if 
applicable) and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.   
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Securities may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of the Benchmark Regulation. In the case of such Securities, a statement will be included in the 
applicable Final Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in 
ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. In particular: 
(a) 
the Euro Interbank Offered Rate is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), 
and as at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation;  
(b) 
the Euro Short Term Rate is provided by the Euopean Central Bank ("ECB"), and as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the ECB does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the ECB is not subject to the Benchmark Regulation as Article 2 (2.a) of 
the Benchmark Regulation specifies that the regulation shall not apply to a central bank;

--- Page 1357 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
- 1357 - 
(c) 
the Swiss Average Rate Overnight (SARON) is provided by SIX Index AG ("SIX"), and as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, SIX appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation; 
(d) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York does not appear on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply, such that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is 
not currently required to apply for authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence);  
(e) 
the Sterling Overnight Index Average is provided by the Bank of England and as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Bank of England does not appear on the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of England is not subject to the Benchmark 
Regulation as Article 2 (2.a) of the Benchmark Regulation specifies that the regulation shall not 
apply to a central bank;  
(f) 
the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate is provided by The Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
AB and, as the date of this Base Prospectus, The Financial Benchmark Facility AB does not appear 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation apply; and 
(g) 
the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate is provided by the Bank of Japan ("BoJ") and as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the BoJ does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the BoJ is not subject to the Benchmark Regulation as Article 2 (2.a) of 
the Benchmark Regulation specifies that the regulation shall not apply to a central bank. 
Credit Ratings of the Guarantor 
BNPP's long-term credit ratings are A+ with a stable outlook (S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("Standard & Poor's")), Aa3 with a stable outlook (Moody's Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's")), AA- with 
a stable outlook (Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")) (which is the long-term rating assigned to BNPP's 
senior preferred debt by Fitch) and AA (low) with a stable outlook (DBRS Rating GmbH ("DBRS 
Morningstar")) and BNPP’s short-term credit ratings are A-1 (Standard & Poor's), P-1 (Moody's), F1+ 
(Fitch) and R-1 (middle) (DBRS Morningstar). Each of Standard & Poor's, Fitch and DBRS Morningstar is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation"). The ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's France SAS 
("Moody's France") in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Moody's France is established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation.  As such each of Standard & Poor's, Fitch, DBRS 
Morningstar and Moody's France is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody's is established in the United Kingdom and 
is registered in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). Moody’s is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the Financial Conduct Authority on its website 
(https://register.fca.org.uk) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. None of Standard & Poor's, Fitch 
or DBRS Morningstar are established in the United Kingdom, but each is part of a group in respect of which 
one of its undertakings is (i) established in the United Kingdom, and (ii) is registered in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation.. As such, the ratings issued by Standard & Poor's, Fitch and DBRS Morningstar may 
be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.

--- Page 1358 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
- 1358 - 
According to Standard & Poor's definitions, an obligation rated "A" is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated 
categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the obligation is still strong.  
The addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.  
According to Moody's' definitions, obligations rated "Aa" by Moody's are judged to be of high quality and 
are subject to very low credit risk.  The modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category. According to Fitch's definitions, "AA" ratings denote expectations of very low default risk. They 
indicate very strong capacity for payment of financial commitments.  This capacity is not significantly 
vulnerable to foreseeable events. The modifier "-" is appended to indicate relative differences of probability 
of default or recovery for issues. According to the DBRS Morningstar's definitions, an AA rating indicates 
superior credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered high and credit 
quality differs from AAA only to a small degree. The Guarantor is unlikely to be significantly vulnerable to 
future events. All rating categories other than AAA and D also contain subcategories "(high)" and "(low)". 
Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Overview of parties 
Party 
Role and other information 
SecurAsset S.A. 
It is the Issuer.  Its shares are held by Stichting 
AssetSecur. 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
It is the Arranger and it may act as a Dealer.  It is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch 
It may act as Issuing and Paying Agent, Principal 
Warrant and Certificate Agent, Registrar, Transfer 
Agent, Cash Manager, Account Bank and 
Custodian.  As Issuing and Paying Agent (in respect 
of Notes) and Principal Warrant and Certificate 
Agent (in respect of Certificates and Warrants) it 
administers the issue of Securities and payments to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. As 
Transfer Agent and Registrar, it administers the 
transfer of Registered Notes, Registered Warrants 
and Registered Certificates and as Registrar it 
maintains the register of holders of Registered 
Notes, 
Registered 
Warrants 
and 
Registered 
Certificates. As Cash Manager it gives instructions 
to the Account Bank to, inter alia, deposit amounts 
received from the Charged Assets into the 
Compartment Account and to make payments from 
the Compartment Account which the Issuer is 
obliged to make under the Related Agreements and 
under the relevant Securities.  As Custodian, where 
the Compartment Assets consist of securities, it 
holds the securities on behalf of the Issuer. As 
Account Bank, it holds cash in the Compartment 
Account on behalf of the Issuer. It is a wholly 
owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas.

--- Page 1359 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION 
- 1359 - 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg 
Branch, being part of a financial group providing 
client services with a worldwide network covering 
different time zones, may entrust parts of its 
operational processes to other BNPP Group entities 
and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.  
Further information on the international operating 
model of BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch (which, from and including 
the Merger Date, will be substituted with BNP 
Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) may be 
provided upon request.  
BNP Paribas 
It may act as Swap Counterparty, a Dealer and as a 
Guarantor. 
BNP Paribas Fortis 
It may act as a Swap Counterparty.  It is a subsidiary 
of BNP Paribas. 
BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited 
It acts as Trustee in respect of the relevant series of 
Securities on the terms of a trust deed. It is a 
subsidiary of BNP Paribas Securities Services 
S.C.A

--- Page 1360 ---
- 1360 - 
ISSUER 
SecurAsset S.A. 
20, rue de la Poste 
Luxembourg L-2346 
ARRANGER AND CALCULATION AGENT 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
1 rue Laffitte 
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALER 
BNP Paribas  
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
TRUSTEE 
BNP Paribas Trust Corporation UK Limited 
10 Harewood Avenue  
London NW1 6AA 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT, LISTING AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT, 
PRINCIPAL WARRANT AND CERTIFICATE AGENT AND CUSTODIAN 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch (or from and including the Merger Date, BNP 
Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg) 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger as to English Law 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
Atlantic House 
Holborn Viaduct 
London EC1A 2FG 
To the Issuer as to Luxembourg Law 
Bonn Steichen & Partners 
11, rue du Château d’Eau 
L-3364 Leudelange, Luxembourg 
10424702