--- Page 1 ---
i 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
SELP FINANCE S.À R.L.  
(a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), incorporated under the laws 
of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (“Luxembourg”), having its registered office at 35-37, 
avenue de la Liberté, L-1931 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the 
Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg (the “RCS Luxembourg”) under the 
number B177308) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300Y4VYEJE1MH6D45 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
SEGRO EUROPEAN LOGISTICS PARTNERSHIP S.À R.L. 
(a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), incorporated under the laws 
of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 35-37, avenue de la Liberté, L-1931 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the RCS Luxembourg under the number 
B177300) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300K1OQETNU1ONV15 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme described in this Prospectus (the “Programme”), 
SELP Finance S.à r.l. (the “Issuer”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) guaranteed by SEGRO European 
Logistics Partnership S.à r.l. (the “Guarantor”) (the “Guarantee”).  
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed €5,000,000,000 
(or the equivalent in other currencies). 
This Prospectus (the “Prospectus”) has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central 
Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published 
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme.  
This Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date and may be supplemented or replaced 
from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The obligation to prepare a 
supplement to this Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin 
(“Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) 
and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the “Regulated Market”). References 
in this Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that the Notes 
have been admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Regulated Market. The Regulated 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended (“EU MiFID II”). Copies of 
Final Terms (as defined below) in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin through a regulatory information service. Notes may 
be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. The applicable 
Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of any Notes issued under the Programme, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is 
applicable to each Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”)) 
of Notes will be set forth in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be delivered to 
Euronext Dublin, in each case on or before the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under 
“Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Prospectus to the relevant 
Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than 
one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective 
investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk 
Factors” in this Prospectus. 
Notes issued under the Programme have not been, and will not be, registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or under the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States of America (the “United States”). Notes issued 
under the Programme are being offered outside the United States by the Dealers in accordance 
with Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”), and may not be offered, sold, 
pledged, taken up, resold, transferred or delivered directly or indirectly into the United States 
except pursuant to an applicable exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfer of Notes 
issued under the Programme and the distribution of this Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”.  
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively, “Bearer Notes” and “Registered 
Notes”). 
The Issuer has a long-term issuer rating of BBB (Outlook Stable) from Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited (“Fitch”). The Guarantor has a long-term issuer rating of Baa2 from Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH (“Moody’s”). 
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by Fitch and Baa2 by Moody's.  
Fitch and Moody’s are established in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”), and appear on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk as of the date of this Prospectus, in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. 
The ESMA website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form part of, this Prospectus.  
Neither Moody’s nor Fitch is established in the United Kingdom (“UK”), nor have they applied for 
registration under the EU CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). However, the 
ratings issued by Moody’s are endorsed in the UK by Moody’s Investors Service Limited and the 
ratings issued by Fitch are endorsed in the UK by Fitch Ratings Limited in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation. 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described 
above or the rating(s) assigned to the Notes already issued.  
Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Notes issued under the Programme constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves, 
and equally with all other existing and future senior, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer, save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and 
provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application. The payment of principal and 
interest in respect of the Notes and all other moneys payable by the Issuer under or pursuant to 
the Trust Deed (as defined below) has been unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor in the Trust Deed. The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee will be direct, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor and will rank equally with all other 
existing and future senior, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and by provisions of law that are 
mandatory and of general application. 
 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS 
Dealers 
Bank of China 
BNP PARIBAS 
NatWest Markets 
Santander Corporate &  
Investment Banking 
 
The date of this Prospectus is 7 July 2022.

--- Page 5 ---
v 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and contains the necessary information which is material to an investor for making an 
informed assessment of: (i) the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and 
prospects of the Issuer; (ii) the rights attaching to the Notes; and (iii) the reasons for the issuance 
and its impact on the Issuer. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor accept responsibility for the information contained in this 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme, and 
declare that, to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in this Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and that each of the Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche 
of Notes issued under the Programme makes no omission likely to affect its import. The Issuer 
and Guarantor confirm that, where information in this Prospectus has been sourced from third 
parties, this information has been accurately reproduced and that so far as the Issuer and the 
Guarantor are aware, and are able to ascertain from information published by such source, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The source of third party information is identified where it is used. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out in the Conditions as completed by the 
Final Terms for such Tranche. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all the documents which are incorporated herein 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). The Prospectus should be read and 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in, and form part of, the Prospectus 
and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, must be read and construed together with the applicable 
Final Terms. Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference, the information on the websites to which this Prospectus refers does not form part of 
this Prospectus. Any website referred to in this document has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the Central Bank. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have confirmed to the Arranger and Dealers that this Prospectus 
contains all information with respect to the Issuer, the Guarantor (the Guarantor, together with its 
subsidiary undertakings (including the Issuer), associated undertakings and investments, the 
“Group”) and any Notes issued under the Programme which is (in the context of the issue of the 
Notes) material; such information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed in this 
Prospectus on the part of the Issuer and the Guarantor are honestly and reasonably held or made 
and are not misleading in any material respect; this Prospectus does not contain any untrue 
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, 
opinions, predictions or intentions (in such context) not misleading in any material respect; and 
all reasonable enquiries have been made to ascertain and to verify the foregoing. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has authorised the making or provision of any representation 
or information regarding the Issuer, the Guarantor or Notes issued under the Programme other 
than as contained in this Prospectus or as approved for such purpose by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. Any such representation or information should not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any Dealer.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
Neither the Arranger, the Dealers nor The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the “Trustee”) 
nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised the whole or any part of this Prospectus or 
independently verified the information contained herein and none of them makes any 
representation or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the information contained in this Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor in connection with Notes issued under the Programme. Each of the Arranger, each 
Dealer and the Trustee accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract 
or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Prospectus the information contained 
or incorporated herein or any other information provided by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in 
connection with Notes issued under the Programme. Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor 
the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall in any circumstances create any implication that 
there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, 
in the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date of this 
Prospectus. The Arranger, the Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or of 
Notes issued under the Programme or to advise any investor in such Notes of any information 
coming to their attention. 
Neither the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates make any 
representation as to the suitability of the Notes to fulfil environmental criteria required by any 
prospective investors. Neither the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective 
affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Green 
Projects (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Prospectus), any verification of 
whether the Eligible Green Projects meet any eligibility criteria set out in the Group’s green finance 
framework (the “Green Finance Framework”) or the monitoring of the use of proceeds (or 
amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible Green Projects. 
DNV GL Business Assurance Services UK Limited (the "Second Party Opinion Provider"), has 
been appointed by the Issuer. Investors should refer to the Green Finance Framework, any 
Second Party Opinion (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Prospectus) and any 
public reporting by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds (each of 
which are or, as the case may be, will be available on the Issuer's website at 
https://www.selp.lu/sustainability and which, for the avoidance of doubt, are not and will not be 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus) for information. Neither the Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates make any representation as to the suitability or 
content of such materials. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with Notes issued under 
the Programme constitutes an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor, the Arranger, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or 
purchase, any Notes issued under the Programme. Neither this Prospectus nor any other 
information supplied in connection with Notes issued under the Programme (a) is intended to 
provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Arranger, any of the Dealers or the 
Trustee that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Notes issued under the Programme should purchase such Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor.

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
If a jurisdiction requires that any potential offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and 
any of the relevant Dealers or any affiliate of the relevant Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer 
in that jurisdiction, any offering shall be deemed to be made by that Dealer or such affiliate, as 
the case may be, on behalf of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Prospectus and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes issued under the 
Programme in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes issued under the Programme and on 
distribution of this Prospectus and other offering material relating to such Notes, see “Subscription 
and Sale”. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Notes issued 
under the Programme constitutes an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes issued under this 
Programme may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that Notes issued under the Programme may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution 
or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, any 
Dealer or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of Notes issued under the 
Programme or the distribution of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose 
is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA, 
Switzerland, Japan, France, Belgium, Singapore, Korea, Canada and the UK. See “Subscription 
and Sale” for further information on applicable selling restrictions. 
Notes issued under the Programme have not been approved or disapproved by the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory 
authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing authorities reviewed or passed upon the 
accuracy or adequacy of this Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. 
Notes issued under the Programme may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each 
potential investor in such Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should consider, either on its own or with the 
help of financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including where the currency for principal and interest payments is different 
from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands the accounting, legal, regulatory and tax implications of a purchase, holding 
and disposal of an interest in the Notes; 
(v) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant financial markets; and 
(vi) 
will be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and 
its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Notes issued under the Programme are complex financial instruments and such instruments may 
be purchased by potential investors as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not 
invest in such Notes unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the 
Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment 
portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent: (1) Notes issued under the Programme are legal investments for it; (2) such 
Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing; and (3) other restrictions apply to 
its purchase or pledge of any of such Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes issued 
under the Programme under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Prospective investors should also consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of 
the purchase, ownership and disposition of Notes issued under the Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the 
Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "EU PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling such Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of 
any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II product governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will 
be a manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
 
RESTRICTIONS OF SALES TO U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) – Notes

--- Page 10 ---
x 
issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, 
or under the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be 
offered, sold, pledged, taken up, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United 
States unless such Notes are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available. See “Subscription and Sale” below for 
more details. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 
2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME 
TO TIME (THE “SFA”) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all 
Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital markets products 
(as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of 
Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Prospectus, all references to: 
 
euro, EUR and € are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union (“EU”), as amended; 
 
"Sterling" and "£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; and 
 
a law, regulation or a provision of a law or regulation is a reference to that law, regulation 
or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.  
 
ROUNDINGS 
Percentages and certain amounts in this Prospectus, including financial, statistical and operating 
information, have been rounded. As a result, the figures shown as totals may not be the precise 
sum of figures that precede them.  
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The financial statements relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor, as incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2020, have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as 
adopted by the EU (“IFRS”). 
This Prospectus includes certain financial metrics which the Issuer and the Guarantor consider to 
constitute alternative performance measures (“APMs”) and which are provided in addition to the 
conventional financial performance measures established by IFRS, specifically: 
(a) 
the ratio of Consolidated Total Net Borrowings to Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets 
(referred to as the “Loan to Value Ratio” or “LTV Ratio” and as defined more fully in the 
“Glossary of Key Terms” section below); and

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
(b) 
the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Net Finance Charges (referred to as the “interest 
cover ratio” or “ICR” and as defined more fully in the “Glossary of Key Terms” section 
below). 
For this purpose, the terms “Consolidated Total Net Borrowings”, “Consolidated Adjusted Total 
Assets”, “Consolidated EBITDA” and “Net Finance Charges” have the meanings given to them in 
Condition 4.4. 
The APMs referred to above are presented for the purposes of facilitating a better understanding 
of the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and its subsidiaries (together, the 
“Issuer Group”) and the Group. Such measures should, however, not be considered as a 
substitute for those required by IFRS. Although certain of this data has been extracted or derived 
from the Issuer’s Annual Reports and the Guarantor’s Annual Reports (each as defined below) 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, neither this data, nor the assumptions underlying 
this data, have been audited or reviewed by the auditors to the Issuer and Guarantor. 
The Issuer believes that the Loan to Value Ratio provides a helpful measure of the level of the 
Group’s and the Issuer Group’s (as applicable) indebtedness relative to its assets. The Issuer 
believes that the interest cover ratio provides an important measure of the Group’s and the Issuer 
Group’s (as applicable) ability to service the payment of interest on its outstanding borrowings. 
Both financial measures are used by the Group and the Issuer Group in internal and external 
presentations to ratings agencies, analysts and investors, and are commonly reported by real 
estate investment companies. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements which are based on the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown 
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied in such statements. These statements include forward-looking 
statements both with respect to the Group and the markets in which the Group operates. A 
forward-looking statement is a statement that does not relate to historical facts and events. They 
are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet 
determinable or foreseeable and no assurance can be given that such results and estimates will 
occur, continue or be achieved. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of 
terms and phrases such as “aim”, "anticipate", "believe", “continue” "could", "estimate", "expect", 
"intend", "may", "plan", "predict", "project", "seeks", “target” "will", “would” and similar terms and 
phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this 
Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding 
the business and management, growth and profitability of, and general economic and regulatory 
conditions and other factors that affect, the Group. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve unknown risks and uncertainties because they 
relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Forward-
looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Group’s actual results of 
operation, financial condition, prospects, growth, synergies, strategies and the dividend policy of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, and the development of the industry in which they operate, are 
consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Prospectus, those results or 
developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. . These 
forward-looking statements are further qualified by the risk factors set out in this Prospectus. The

--- Page 12 ---
xii 
Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause a forward-
looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate.  
Furthermore, the outlook and objectives presented in this Prospectus do not constitute forecast 
data or estimates of consolidated profit but instead are based on the Group’s strategic goals and 
action plans. These objectives are based on data, assumptions and estimates that the Group 
considers to be reasonable. These data, assumptions and estimates may change over time or be 
modified due to uncertainties related to the economic, financial, competitive and regulatory 
environment as well as other factors. Moreover, the achievement by the Group of the targets and 
forecasts presented in this Prospectus implies the success of the Group’s strategy. In addition, if 
any of the risks described under section of this Prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” were to actually 
occur, they could have an impact on its businesses, prospects, results of operations, financial 
condition and/or outlook, and could therefore jeopardise its ability to achieve the objectives 
presented in this Prospectus. The Group cannot give any assurance or guarantee that it will 
achieve the objectives described in this Prospectus. 
Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to rely on forward-looking statements, outlook and 
objective presented in this Prospectus when evaluating an investment decision relating to the 
notes and are urged to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "Overview ", "Risk Factors" 
and "Description of the Issuer, the Guarantor and of the Group". These sections include more 
detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Group's business and the 
markets in which it operates. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events 
described in this Prospectus may not occur. 
Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this Prospectus. Except as required 
by the rules of Euronext Dublin or by law, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor expressly disclaims 
any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking 
statements contained in this Prospectus to reflect any change in the Issuer and/or the Guarantor’s 
expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which 
any such statement is based. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements 
attributable to any person involved in the preparation of this Prospectus or to persons acting on 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor's behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary 
statements referred to above and contained elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
Any forward-looking statement contained in this Prospectus based on past or current trends 
and/or activities of the Group should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities 
will continue in the future. No statement in this Prospectus is intended to be a profit forecast or to 
imply that the earnings of the Group for the current year or future years will necessarily match or 
exceed the historical or published earnings of the Group. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or 
the Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of 
the Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the price of such Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation action may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue

--- Page 13 ---
xiii 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 14 ---
xiv 
CONTENTS 
OVERVIEW 
1 
RISK FACTORS 
7 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
  32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
 35 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
96 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
100 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR AND OF THE GROUP 
101 
GLOSSARY OF KEY TERMS 
127 
TAXATION 
129 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
132 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
138

--- Page 15 ---
1 
OVERVIEW 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer, the Guarantor and any 
relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in 
the Terms and Conditions, in which event and if appropriate, a new Prospectus or a supplement 
to the Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" 
shall have the same meanings in this Overview. 
The Issuer: 
SELP Finance S.à r.l., a private limited liability company 
(société à responsabilité limitée), incorporated under the 
laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 35-37, 
avenue de la Liberté, L-1931 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg and registered with the RCS Luxembourg 
under the number B177308. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300Y4VYEJE1MH6D45 
The Guarantor: 
SEGRO European Logistics Partnership S.à r.l., a private 
limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), 
incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, having its 
registered office at 35-37, avenue de la Liberté, L-1931 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered 
with the RCS Luxembourg under the number B177300. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300K1OQETNU1ONV15 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme and there are also certain factors that may 
affect the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Guarantee. In addition, there are certain factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme and 
risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these are set out under 
“Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas.

--- Page 16 ---
2 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A., Bank of China Limited, London 
Branch, BNP Paribas and NatWest Markets Plc. 
Certain Restrictions:  
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect 
of 
which 
particular 
laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements apply will only be 
issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, 
regulations, 
restrictions 
or 
reporting 
requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the 
date of this Prospectus. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have 
a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
Trustee: 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch. 
Registrar: 
Citibank Europe plc. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
notes may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, 
yen and any other currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed 
or required from time to time by the relevant central bank

--- Page 17 ---
3 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis or and at an 
issue price which is at par or at a discount to, or premium 
over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form 
as described in “Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will 
not be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and 
on redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment 
Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for 
each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest 
rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
If a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be 
determined by reference to the Original Reference Rate, 
then the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions) be 
permitted to substitute such Original Reference Rate with 
a successor, replacement or alternative benchmark and/or 
screen rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of 
the relevant Series of Notes and the application of an 
adjustment spread (if determined, which could be positive 
or negative)). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount 
to their nominal amount and will not bear interest.

--- Page 18 ---
4 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving 
notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may 
be, on a date or dates specified or during the Change of 
Control Put Period (in the case of a Change of Control Put 
Event), in each case prior to such stated maturity and at a 
price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be 
subject to restrictions on their denomination and 
distribution, see “Certain Restrictions – Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year” above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, 
see “Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year” above, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8. In the 
event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Covenants: 
The terms of the Notes contain certain financial covenants 
to which the Issuer is subject, as further described in 
Condition 4. 
Cross Acceleration: 
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross acceleration 
provision as described in Condition 10. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes 
will constitute 
direct, unsecured 
and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari 
passu and rateably among themselves without any 
preference among themselves, and equally with all other 
existing and future senior, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer, save for such exceptions as may

--- Page 19 ---
5 
be provided by applicable legislation and by provision of 
law that are mandatory and of general application.  
Guarantee: 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the 
Notes and all other moneys payable by the Issuer under 
or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Trust 
Deed. The obligations of the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee will be direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Guarantor and will rank equally with all 
other existing and future senior, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for such 
exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation 
and by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general 
application. 
Rating: 
The Programme has been rated BBB+ by Fitch and Baa2 
by Moody’s. 
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Programme. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on the Regulated Market. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed or 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued.  
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets.  
Governing Law: 
The Notes, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes, will be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the provisions of articles 470-1 to 470-

--- Page 20 ---
6 
19 of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on 
commercial companies, as amended, are excluded. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, 
Switzerland, Japan, France, Canada, Belgium, Singapore 
and Korea and such other restrictions as may be required 
in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 1/2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 21 ---
7 
RISK FACTORS 
Any investment in Notes issued under the Programme is subject to a number of risks. Prior to 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, any prospective investors should carefully 
consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the Group’s business and the 
industry in which the Group operates together with all information contained in this Prospectus, 
including in particular, the risk factors described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have identified in this Prospectus a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect their business and believe that the following factors are the most 
material risks which may affect their ability to fulfil their respective obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme and the Guarantee, as applicable. The Issuer and the Guarantor believe 
that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme. In purchasing such Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect 
of the Notes or the Guarantee, as applicable. There is a wide range of factors which individually 
or together could result in the Issuer and/or the Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments 
due in respect of Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantee, as applicable. Additional 
risks and uncertainties relating to the Group that are not currently known to the Group, or that the 
Issuer and Guarantor currently deem immaterial based on information currently available to them 
or which they may not currently be able to anticipate, may individually or cumulatively also have 
a material adverse effect on the businesses, prospects, results of operations and/or financial 
condition of the Group and could materially adversely affect the ability of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor to make payments due under Notes issued under the Programme and the Guarantee, 
respectively. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR AND THE GROUP, AND THE 
ABILITY OF THE ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER 
THE PROGRAMME OR THE GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER 
THE GUARANTEE, AS APPLICABLE 
(i) Risks Relating to the European Real Estate Market 
A decline in the big box warehouse sector as a whole could adversely affect the Group’s 
business  
As at the date of this Prospectus the Group has operations and/or assets in Germany, France, 
Poland, Czech Republic, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Spain and Italy, and its investments are 
concentrated in the big box warehouse sector. The Group is exposed to fluctuating economic 
conditions in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates and in particular the logistics sector in 
those jurisdictions. The operations of the Group may be materially adversely affected by an 
economic slowdown, downturn or recession in any or all of those markets. Any economic 
downturn in the logistics sector prompted by a decrease in occupier demand for logistics 
warehousing space, may adversely affect the operations and financial performance of the Group 
and may in turn have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to 
service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantee, 
as applicable. 
Market diversity risk  
The Group is subject to certain investment restrictions in, and diversifies the Portfolio in a manner 
consistent with, the Group’s investment policies. However, there can be no assurance that the

--- Page 22 ---
8 
Portfolio will be sufficiently diversified. Significant concentration of investments in any one country, 
sector or asset class increases the Group’s exposure to certain risks and means the Group’s 
performance may be significantly affected by events outside its control that impact that country, 
sector or asset class. The occurrence of these situations may result in greater volatility in the 
value of the Group’s investments and, consequently, the Group’s net asset value, and may 
materially and adversely affect the performance of the Group and, consequently, the ability of the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor to service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
The Group faces significant competition in each of its markets 
The Group faces significant competition in the markets in which it operates and, more widely, 
across continental Europe. Competitors include not only regional investors and real estate 
developers with in-depth knowledge of the local markets, but also other real estate portfolio 
companies, including funds that invest nationally and internationally and institutional investors. It 
is possible that competition for appropriate investment opportunities may increase, thus reducing 
the number of investment opportunities available to the Group and adversely affecting the terms 
upon which future investments can be made. Competitors may have greater financial resources 
than the Group and a greater ability to borrow funds to acquire real estate assets, and may have 
the ability or inclination to acquire real estate assets at a higher price or on terms less favourable 
than those the Group may be prepared to accept. Competition in the real estate market may also 
lead to prices for existing properties being driven up through competing bids by potential 
purchasers and may result in the Group’s preferred developers being unavailable to assist with 
the Group’s development activities. There can be no assurance that SELP Management Limited, 
in its role as adviser to the Group (the “Venture Adviser”) will be successful in identifying or 
acquiring suitable investment opportunities on behalf of the Group.  
The existence and extent of competition in the real estate market may also have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s ability to secure tenants for properties it acquires at satisfactory 
rental rates and on a timely basis and to subsequently retain such tenants. Competition may 
cause difficulty in achieving rents in line with the Group’s expectations and may result in increased 
pressure to offer new and renewing tenants financial and other incentives which reduce the 
Group’s overall return on its investments. Any inability by the Group to compete effectively against 
other real estate investors or to effectively manage the risks related to competition may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, business, prospects and results of 
operations. 
The European real estate market and the Group’s business is exposed to the effects of the 
COVID-19 pandemic 
Ongoing uncertainties surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, including the response of 
governments throughout Europe, could continue to adversely impact the Group across numerous 
key financial and operational areas. Despite the distribution of vaccines throughout the UK and 
various European countries, new mutations and variants of COVID-19 have emerged with an 
increased level of transmissibility, an ability to evade vaccines and the potential to cause more 
severe symptoms than the original strain of COVID-19 first detected in late December 2019. The 
original strain of COVID-19, further strains, variants, mutations and pandemics generally could

--- Page 23 ---
9 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or 
prospects of the Group.  
The Group continues to assess the impact that COVID-19 has had on its real estate assets and 
its tenants in order to protect the Group's cash flow and rent collection, and any impact on banking 
covenants.  
The Group anticipates that the COVID-19 pandemic is likely to continue to accelerate structural 
drivers and behavioural patterns (such as online shopping) seen prior to the onset of the 
pandemic, and will continue to drive both occupier and investor demand for the Portfolio of 
warehouses for the foreseeable future. 
It is not possible to fully predict the course of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the 
Group, which largely depends on external factors which are outside of the Group’s control.  
Due to the widespread and international consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, there is no 
guarantee that the mitigating factors described above will outweigh the potential effects that a 
wider economic downturn could have on the Issuer, Guarantor and the Group, and the effects of 
the COVID-19 pandemic may accentuate many of the other risks set out in this ‘Risk Factors’ 
section. 
Other external risks 
External events such as civil emergencies, terrorist attacks, environmental disasters or extreme 
weather occurrences could result in damage to the Group’s properties or otherwise inhibit or 
prevent access to the Group’s properties, which in turn may impact upon the operations of the 
Group’s occupiers. The occurrence of such events could give rise to reduced occupier and 
investor demand for the Group’s properties resulting in reduced property values and rental 
income. This would have a material adverse impact on the Group and the value of its assets and, 
accordingly, the financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the ability of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor to service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
(ii) Risks Relating to the Group’s Business and Strategy 
Real estate investments are not as liquid as other types of assets, which may result in low 
disposal prices or an inability to sell certain properties in a timely manner or at all, and the 
Group may be exposed to future liabilities and/or obligations with respect to the disposal 
of property investments 
Real estate investments are not as liquid as other types of investment and this lack of liquidity 
may limit the Group’s ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other conditions. For 
example, the Group may not be able to sell properties at prices that reflect their current market 
value or at all in the event of a downturn in the market. In addition, significant expenditure 
associated with real estate investments, such as debt servicing payments, real estate taxes and 
maintenance costs, are relatively fixed, despite circumstances causing a reduction in income from 
such investments. Certain costs are also incurred in the sale of real estate properties, which can 
significantly reduce the proceeds received by the Group from any such sales of properties. 
The Group is a long-term property holder, and, whilst disposals are made from time to time, the 
Group's business is not reliant on disposals. However, the Group could suffer a loss of value from 
an ineffective disposal process, leading to significant under-pricing or cost exposure and/or delays

--- Page 24 ---
10 
on disposals. The Group could also incur unapproved and undocumented liabilities post disposal. 
The Group could fail to complete planned disposals in a timely manner, leading to lower returns 
and constraints on acquisition funding and therefore the Group’s ability to execute its strategy. In 
the case of an accelerated sale, or a sale required for compliance with covenants contained in 
the Group's financing arrangements, there may be a significant shortfall between the carrying 
value of the property on the Group's consolidated balance sheet and the price achieved on the 
disposal of such property, and there can be no assurance that the price obtained from such a sale 
would cover the book value of the property sold. The Group could also find itself unable to make 
a disposal due to lack of demand.  
If the Group is unable to generate proceeds through disposals, or if there is a material delay in 
effecting disposals, this may adversely impact the liquidity and cash flow of the Group and 
therefore have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to service 
their respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantee, as 
applicable. 
Reliance on lease payments and exposure to a variety of customers 
The Group derives its revenue directly from rent received from its commercial tenants. A downturn 
in business, bankruptcy or insolvency of a tenant could force such tenant to default on its rental 
obligations and/or vacate the premises. Although the Group has a diverse pool of tenants, and 
therefore believes its risk is lower than if its tenants were concentrated in one industry or sector, 
such a default, in particular by one of the Group’s top ten tenants, or a substantial increase in 
vacancy rates in the Portfolio, could result in a loss of rental income, additional expenses, an 
increase in bad debts and decreased property value. Under current economic conditions, which 
continue to create a difficult trading environment for some commercial businesses, the risk of 
such defaults is increased. Any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
financial condition, business, prospects and results and the ability of the Issuer and Guarantor to 
service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme and the Guarantee, 
as applicable. 
Dependence on ability to renew leases or re-lease space on favourable terms as leases 
expire 
There can be no assurance that tenants of the Group will renew their leases at the end of their 
current tenancies or, if they do not, that new tenants of equivalent standing (or any new tenants) 
will be found to take up replacement leases. This is particularly the case where a property requires 
refurbishment or redevelopment following the expiry of a tenancy or where the building was 
specially configured for the prior tenant. Tenants with the benefit of contractual break rights may 
also exercise these rights to bring the leases to an end before the contractual termination date. 
During void periods, the Group will not generate rental income and will incur additional expenses 
(for example, insurance, service charges and security) until the property is re-let. Further, the 
Group may incur additional costs as a result of providing financial inducements to new tenants, 
such as rent free periods. Even if tenant renewals or replacements are effected, there can be no 
assurance that such renewals or replacements will be on terms (including rental levels and rent 
review terms) that are as favourable to the Group or that new tenants will be as creditworthy as 
previous tenants. Should the Group be unable to renew or replace a lease following its expiration, 
or only be able to lease a property on less favourable terms, this may have a material adverse 
effect on the results of operations of the Group and on the ability of the Issuer and/or the

--- Page 25 ---
11 
Guarantor to service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the 
Guarantee, as applicable. 
The Group is exposed to third party service providers and contractors, who may fail to 
perform their contractual obligations 
The Group may undertake development or redevelopment projects or invest in property that 
requires refurbishment prior to re-letting the property. The Group will typically be dependent on 
the performance of third party contractors who undertake the management or execution of such 
development, redevelopment or refurbishment on its behalf. While the Group seeks to negotiate 
contractual protections when engaging third party service providers, such development, 
redevelopment or refurbishment projects expose the Group to various risks including, but not 
limited to: delays in the timely completion of projects; failure by third party contractors in 
performing their contractual obligations or poor quality workmanship from such contractors; 
insolvency of such third party contractors; cost overruns in relation to the services provided by 
the third party contractors that are not borne by such contractors; and project delays resulting in 
a consequential delay in properties being available for occupancy. Any such failures on the part 
of a third party service provider could adversely impact the value of the Group’s property assets 
which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group’s performance, financial condition 
and business prospects. In addition, there is a risk of disputes with third party contractors or sub-
contractors should they fail to perform against contractual obligations. Any litigation or arbitration 
resulting from any such dispute may increase the Group’s expenses.  
The Group faces the risk of default or other adverse actions by its customers 
The Group faces the risk that its customers may be unwilling or unable to meet their rental 
commitments, which could result from the impact of macroeconomic conditions or be the result of 
other factors, which could result in: (a) an inability to collect amounts receivable on a timely basis 
or at all (late payments and non-payments of invoices issued by the Group are more likely to 
occur in unfavourable market conditions); (b) renegotiation of payment terms which are 
unfavourable to the Group; (c) customers defaulting on commitments to occupy a ‘pre-let’ 
development project, leading to increased vacant building costs and impaired cash flow; (d) 
customers vacating a building and the Group incurring empty rates liabilities; or (e) an inability to 
re-let space if a customer vacates several of the Group’s properties simultaneously or vacates a 
bespoke property. 
In some instances, deposits may be held by the Group based on an assessment of a customer’s 
credit risk. However, in circumstances where a customer is unable to meet a rental commitment, 
such deposits are, in practice, usually required to cover uncollected rent and any required 
dilapidation spend on a relevant property. Accordingly, in practice, such deposits are unlikely to 
offer the Group complete (or, in some cases, even part) protection against any empty rates 
liabilities. 
Negative changes in the financial condition of a significant number of the Group’s customers, 
including actual customer failure, could result in a substantial decline in the Group’s rental income 
or its ability to comply with its financial covenants. Similarly, a decline in demand for the Group’s 
services could result in a substantial decrease in the Group’s rental income. Such a decline could 
result from a range of factors affecting individual circumstances of customers or affecting

--- Page 26 ---
12 
customers more broadly. An example of the latter would be the ongoing global COVID-19 
pandemic and the consequential impact on many of our customer’s businesses. 
These factors could each have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, prospects, 
financial condition and/or results of operations and on the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to 
service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantee, 
as applicable. 
The Group may incur environmental liabilities and be subject to changing environmental 
laws and regulations  
Laws and regulations, which may be amended over time, may impose environmental liabilities 
associated with real estate assets on the Group (including environmental liabilities that were 
incurred or that arose prior to the Group’s acquisition of such real estate assets). Such liabilities 
may result in significant investigation, removal, or remediation costs regardless of whether the 
Group originally caused the contamination or other environmental hazard. In addition, 
environmental liabilities could adversely affect the Group’s ability to sell, lease or redevelop a 
property, or to borrow using a property as security and may in certain circumstances (such as the 
release of certain materials, including asbestos, into the air or water) form the basis for liability to 
third persons for personal injury or other damages. The Group’s investments may include 
properties historically used for commercial, industrial and/or manufacturing uses. Such real estate 
assets are more likely to contain, or may have contained, storage tanks for the storage of 
hazardous or toxic substances. Leasing properties, such as those containing warehouses, to 
tenants that engage in industrial, manufacturing and other commercial activities will cause the 
Group to be subject to increased risk of liabilities under environmental laws and regulations. In 
the event the Group is exposed to environmental liabilities or increased costs or limitations on its 
use or disposal of properties as a result of environmental laws and regulations, this may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, business, prospects and results of 
operations. 
There can be no guarantee that all costs and risks regarding compliance with environmental laws 
and regulations can be identified. New and more stringent environmental laws, regulations and 
permit requirements or stricter interpretations of current laws or regulations could impose 
substantial additional costs on the Group’s investments. Compliance with such current or future 
environmental requirements does not ensure that the Group will not be required to incur additional 
unforeseen environmental expenditures. 
Furthermore, the presence of environmentally hazardous substances, or the failure to remediate 
damage caused by such substances, may adversely affect the Group's ability to sell or lease the 
relevant property at a level that would support the Group's investment strategy which would, in 
turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group's performance, financial condition and business 
prospects. 
There can be no assurance that such asset will at all times comply with all applicable 
environmental laws, regulations and permit requirements. Past practices or future operations in 
the properties in which the Group invests could also result in material personal injury or property

--- Page 27 ---
13 
damage claims, which could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the 
underlying entities and businesses in which the Group invests and therefore the Group itself. 
The Group’s Portfolio may become obsolete  
Asset management plans to minimise obsolescence may be ineffective owing to internal or 
external factors. Asset management decisions are based on assumptions about customers’ future 
requirements. If these requirements change against expectations then there is a risk of increased 
obsolescence. Furthermore, some of the Group’s assets consist of older, more inefficient 
buildings, which are likely to become obsolete sooner than the remainder of the Portfolio, 
especially in the context of e-commerce space requirements. In addition, there are numerous 
external factors that could cause customers to change their property requirements, including 
changes in legislation, increases in fuel costs and technological advances. More stringent 
requirements for environmental protection may be imposed by the relevant authorities in the 
future, which could render the Group’s buildings or properties technically obsolete. All of these 
factors may lead to a corresponding loss of value and rental income which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group’s investment strategy may be unsuccessful 
The Portfolio could underperform in absolute or relative terms as a result of an inappropriate 
investment strategy, such as holding property in markets which do not perform as well as 
expected; holding the wrong balance between primary and secondary assets; committing the 
wrong level of speculative development; holding too many old or obsolete assets which dilute 
returns; and/or missing opportunities in new markets. 
Further, there is no assurance that the Group will realise anticipated returns on an investment in 
property development, redevelopment or refurbishment. Failure to generate anticipated returns 
from such projects, whether due to failures in the performance of the Group’s third party 
contractors, failures by the Group in properly supervising such third party contractors or otherwise, 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, business, prospects and 
results of operations. 
Any of these consequences of an unsuccessful investment strategy may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s financial condition, business, prospects and results of operations. 
The Group's acquisitions and investments involve risks that may not have been uncovered 
by prior due diligence or that may have been incorrectly evaluated by the Group, including 
in relation to the incorrect appraisal of the value of acquired properties or property 
portfolios 
Prior to entering into an agreement to acquire any real estate asset, the Venture Adviser, on behalf 
of the Group, performs due diligence on the proposed investment. In doing so, the Venture Adviser 
typically relies in part on third parties to conduct a significant portion of this due diligence 
(including providing legal reports on title and property valuations).  
There can be no assurance that any due diligence examinations carried out by third parties on 
behalf of the Group in connection with any assets the Group may acquire will reveal all of the 
risks associated with that asset, or the full extent of such risks. To the extent that the Group, the 
Venture Adviser or other third parties underestimate or fail to identify risks and liabilities 
associated with the investment in question, the Group may incur, directly or indirectly, unexpected 
liabilities, such as defects in title, an inability to obtain permits, environmental, structural or

--- Page 28 ---
14 
operational defects requiring remediation and/or not covered by indemnities or insurance. In 
addition, if there is a failure of due diligence, there may be a risk that properties are acquired 
which are not consistent with the Group’s investment policies and strategy, that properties are 
purchased for a price which exceeds their fair value, that properties are acquired that fail to 
perform in accordance with projections or that material defects or liabilities are not covered by 
insurance proceeds. This may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
performance, financial condition and business prospects. 
Any of these consequences of a due diligence failure may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s financial condition, business, prospects and results of operations and therefore have a 
material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to service their respective 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
Property valuation is inherently subjective and uncertain  
The valuation of the Group’s property and property-related assets is undertaken by third-party 
valuers but is inherently subjective owing to the individual nature of each property. This is 
particularly so when there has been limited transactional experience against which property 
valuations can be benchmarked. A valuation is an estimate of the fair value of the property and 
valuers rely on a variety of assumptions when appraising properties. As a result, valuations are 
subject to a degree of uncertainty. Moreover, property valuations are made on the basis of 
assumptions which may not prove to be accurate. The Group makes certain assumptions about 
the direction and extent of future property market trends (including valuation yields and market 
rents). Valuations do not therefore necessarily represent the price at which the property could be 
sold in the open market, which could adversely affect the value of the Portfolio and therefore have 
a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to service their 
respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
Fluctuations in the fair market value of the Group’s properties as a result of revaluations 
may have a significant effect on the Group’s consolidated balance sheet and income 
statement  
The Group's properties are independently revalued bi-annually, and any increase or decrease in 
the value of its properties is recorded in the Group’s consolidated statement of income in the 
period during which the revaluation occurs. As a result, the Group can have significant non-cash 
gains and losses from period to period, depending on the change in fair market value of its 
properties. Any such fluctuations could have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition 
and results of operations. Furthermore, in periods of economic volatility and/or low market 
liquidity, it can become more difficult for independent valuers to prepare an assessment of the fair 
market value of properties and this can in turn create uncertainty regarding how the Group’s 
properties are valued. This might adversely affect the Group’s financial position and have a 
material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to service their respective 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
Maintenance and redevelopment costs could negatively affect the results of the operations 
of the Group 
If the Group does not carry out maintenance, refurbishment and redevelopment, its properties 
may become less attractive to customers and rents may fall. Additionally, the Group may need to 
expend additional funds to keep its ageing properties (if any) in adequate repair. A failure to 
undertake such maintenance, refurbishment and/or redevelopment or an increase in the Group’s 
maintenance, refurbishment and redevelopment costs relating to the Portfolio could have a

--- Page 29 ---
15 
material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations and the ability of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor to service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the 
Guarantee, as applicable. 
Holding excess or insufficient development land 
The Group holds land banks to support future growth and development opportunities. Although 
the Group’s development programme and land holdings are subject to regular review, certain 
developments may be postponed or cancelled, resulting in excess development land. In the event 
of a downturn, developments may be postponed while the capital costs associated with land 
banks continue and planning permissions obtained may expire. There is a risk that holding too 
much development land, or holding development land for long periods, may dilute the Group’s 
returns on its investments owing to capital being invested in unproductive assets. 
Conversely, there is also a risk that if the Group holds insufficient development land, the Group 
may be constrained by the availability and cost of, suitable land for development. This may, in 
turn, restrict the Group’s ability to develop new properties in accordance with its strategy, and to 
take advantage of increases in tenant demand. Either of these risks may have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 
Insurance risk 
To the extent available, the Group aims to maintain insurance to cover its interests in the Portfolio 
against all normally insurable risks of loss or damage, for loss of rent insurance for a period of not 
less than three years and against acts of sabotage and terrorism, including any third party liability 
arising from such acts. 
The Group currently maintains public liability insurance over the properties owned by the Group. 
Insurance maintained by the Group is arranged on terms and conditions that are consistent with 
market practice following consultation with insurance brokers engaged in European real estate, 
and is renewed on an annual basis. It may become either impossible or uneconomical to insure 
the Portfolio, particularly regarding coverage for certain types of risk (such as war, nuclear events, 
terrorism, civil disturbances, earthquake, flood, environmental matters and customer rent default) 
in some or all territories in which the Group holds investments. In addition, in the event that the 
Group does not pay the insurance premiums when due or takes, or fails to take, any action which 
voids the insurance policies, the Group might not have the benefit of the applicable insurance 
policies. In the event of an uninsured loss, or a loss in excess of insured limits, the Group may 
lose both its capital invested in, and the return expected from, the investments concerned, while 
remaining liable with respect to indebtedness and other obligations incurred in connection with 
such investments. If any such event were to occur, the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
to service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantee, 
as applicable, may be materially adversely affected. 
Development risk  
The Group may undertake ‘on balance sheet’ developments. Risks associated with such 
developments may include: that the Group’s development projects may be subject to the hazards 
and risks normally associated with the construction and development of commercial real estate, 
any of which could result in increased costs and/or damage to persons or property; planning 
permissions for developments may be delayed or refused or granted on onerous terms, which 
would result in a development not proceeding as intended and potentially increased costs; failure 
to find suitable funding for proposed developments could mean the Group is unable to take

--- Page 30 ---
16 
advantage of development opportunities; a development project may be unsuccessful, with the 
investment cost exceeding the value of the project on completion; and a failure of the asset to 
generate income in these circumstances. 
The occurrence of one or more of the events described above could adversely affect the Group’s 
financial condition, results of operations, future prospects, cash flow and the ability of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor to service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
Exposure to the SEGRO Group 
SEGRO plc and its subsidiaries (“SEGRO” or the “SEGRO Group”) advise the Group in various 
capacities, including several of SEGRO’s foreign subsidiaries who provide property management 
services (“Property Managers”) and/or development management services (“Development 
Managers”) to the Group (see further details in “Description of the Issuer, the Guarantor and of 
the Group - Advisory and Management Services Provided to the Group”). 
Investment management along with property and development management services are 
provided to the Group by the SEGRO Group whilst other third-party service providers perform 
administrative and operational functions on the Group’s behalf. In particular, as the Portfolio is 
externally managed, the Group relies on the experience, skill and judgment of the SEGRO Group 
in identifying, selecting, negotiating and managing the acquisition of suitable investments and 
managing the Group’s assets. There can be no assurance, however, that the SEGRO Group will 
adequately perform its functions or that it will receive the anticipated services from the Property 
or Development Managers along with the other third-party service providers. 
If the Venture Adviser fails to dedicate specific personnel to the Group or to ensure personnel 
servicing the Group’s business allocate a specific amount of time to the Group, the Group may 
be unable to achieve its investment objectives unless and until a new venture adviser is 
appointed. Failure of the Property Managers to dedicate sufficient time or personnel to the Group 
may lead to a loss of collected rent and a fall in the number of lettings. Failure of the Development 
Managers to dedicate sufficient time or personnel to the Group may lead to delays in development 
and cost overruns.  
The appointment of the Venture Adviser will continue unless terminated by SEGRO or Public 
Sector Pensions Investment Board, a crown corporation established by the Canadian Public 
Sector Pension Investment Act 1999 (“PSP”) through the Shareholders’ Agreement (as defined 
at “Description of the Issuer, the Guarantor and of the Group - Shareholders’ Agreement” below) 
or by the Venture Adviser through the agreement entered into between the Venture Adviser and 
the Group (the “Venture Adviser Agreement”). There can be no guarantee that SEGRO and 
PSP will continue to consider that the operation of the Venture Adviser Agreement is in the best 
interests of the Group (whether as a result of changing market conditions, availability of alternative 
providers or otherwise). However, under the terms of the Venture Adviser Agreement, the Issuer 
is restricted in its ability to terminate the Venture Adviser Agreement. 
In limited circumstances, the Venture Adviser may terminate the Venture Adviser Agreement upon 
notice in writing to the Issuer. Upon expiry or termination (whether in accordance with its terms or 
otherwise) of the Venture Adviser Agreement, there is no assurance that an agreement with a 
new venture adviser could be entered into on similar terms or on a timely basis, or that such new 
venture adviser would have expertise comparable to the Venture Adviser or access to personnel 
with the same level of expertise as the Venture Adviser. Similarly, upon expiry or termination of 
the Venture Adviser Agreement, there is no assurance that the Issuer could enter into an

--- Page 31 ---
17 
agreement with new investment advisers on similar terms or on a timely basis, or that such 
investment advisers would have expertise comparable to the Venture Adviser. Any entry into an 
agreement with less favourable terms or a replacement of the Venture Adviser (whether on a 
timely basis or not) may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, 
business, prospects and results of operations. 
In limited circumstances, including upon the termination of the Venture Adviser Agreement, the 
appointment of the Property Managers and the Development Managers may be terminated. Upon 
expiry or termination of the appointment of the Property Managers and the Development 
Managers, there is no assurance that an agreement with new managers could be entered into on 
similar terms or on a timely basis, or that such new managers would have expertise comparable 
to the Property Managers and the Development Managers. Any entry into an agreement with less 
favourable terms or a replacement of the Property Managers and the Development Managers 
(whether on a timely basis or not) may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial 
condition, business, prospects and results of operations. 
The Issuer is a joint venture and there are various risks related to its group structure  
The Group has a complex investment structure which includes a number of regulated vehicles 
(such as collective investment vehicles in France and Italy) and holding and operating subsidiaries 
across continental Europe. As a result, the Group is dependent on its ability to process and report 
accurately the transactions entered into by these entities which are subject to a number of 
different legal and regulatory regimes. The diversity of the Group’s operations enhances the 
operational risks present in its businesses. These include people-related risks (including the risk 
of fraud and other criminal acts carried out against the Group, errors by employees and failure to 
document transactions properly, or obtain proper authorisation or conduct the Group’s business 
in accordance with applicable law and regulations) and external events (including natural 
disasters, the failure of external systems or changes in applicable regulatory or supervisory 
regimes to which the Group is subject). Whilst the Group has in place risk mitigation, loss 
mitigation and other internal controls, there can be no assurance that these controls will be 
effective in controlling all of the operational risks that it faces. Any weakness in these controls or 
actions could expose the Group to material financial losses, including regulatory sanctions, and 
could result in reputational damage. 
Furthermore, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor is a holding company and conducts no 
business operations of its own and, with the exception of the Issuer being an employing entity, 
has not engaged in any activities other than the holding of ownership interests in its subsidiary 
undertakings. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor therefore depends on revenues generated 
by its subsidiary undertakings in order for it to be able to make payments due under Notes issued 
under the Programme or the Guarantee, as applicable. Further, the Guarantor does not own 100 
per cent. of the interests in the Issuer Group. Accordingly, the Guarantor will only have access to 
the revenues associated with the proportion of the Issuer Group which it owns (equal to 
approximately 56 per cent. as at the date of this Prospectus). Any failure of the subsidiary 
undertakings to generate revenues would have a material adverse impact on the financial 
condition of the Issuer and the Guarantor and the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to 
service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantee,

--- Page 32 ---
18 
as applicable, which may be more severe in the case of the Guarantor due to its more limited 
entitlement to such revenues.  
Personnel risk 
The Group relies significantly on the knowledge and experience of each of the managers of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (see “Description of the Issuer, the Guarantor and of the Group - Board 
and Management of the Issuer and of the Guarantor”) and does not employ senior staff within the 
Group. The Group is reliant on the managers to provide expertise and scrutiny of the Group’s 
undertakings. In the event that any or all of the managers was to cease to act as manager for the 
Group, the Group may have difficulties in replacing the managers with individuals with a similar 
level or knowledge and experience, which in turn could cause disruption to the management 
structure and relationships, an increase in costs associated with staff replacement, lost business 
relationships or reputational damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
(iii) Risks Relating to Legal, Regulatory and Tax Obligations 
Requirement for EU merger control clearance may affect the ability of Group to acquire 
assets  
The Group is subject to the provisions of Council Reg. (EC) 139/2004 (the “EU Merger 
Regulation”). The Group must notify and obtain pre-clearance from the European Commission 
when it intends to acquire any income producing logistics asset. If the European Commission 
(pursuant to its powers under the EU Merger Regulation) were to reject one or more applications 
by the Group for clearance to acquire a particular asset, this may prevent the Group from attaining 
its stated objective of increasing assets under management and render the Group unable to 
acquire income producing assets. There is also a risk that the Group could be prevented from 
exercising the exclusivity rights it is granted under the exclusivity arrangement with the Venture 
Adviser (see “Description of the Issuer, the Guarantor and of the Group - Exclusivity 
Arrangements”). The occurrence of such events could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
National regulatory risk 
In each of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates it has to comply with laws, regulations 
and administrative policies which relate to, among other matters, listing regulations, capital, tax, 
real estate investment trusts, financial accounting, planning, developing, building, land use, fire, 
health and safety, the environment and employment. These regulations often give broad 
discretion to the administering authorities. Each aspect of the regulatory environment in which the 
Group operates is subject to change, which may be retrospective, and changes in regulations 
could affect, amongst other things, operational costs, costs of property ownership, the rate of 
building obsolescence and the value of properties. Consequently, the ability of the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor to service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or 
the Guarantee, as applicable, may be materially and adversely affected. 
Taxation risk 
Maintaining a tax-efficient structure is an important factor affecting operating results. The Group 
holds the Portfolio through a number of subsidiaries and other investment vehicles and 
endeavours to operate in a tax efficient manner. However, tax charges and withholding taxes in 
various jurisdictions in which the Group may invest will affect the level of intercompany loan

--- Page 33 ---
19 
payments, distributions or other payments made to it by operating subsidiaries. Future changes 
in tax treaties, laws or regulations by tax authorities in jurisdictions in which the Group operates 
could increase tax liabilities and/or require changes in the structure of the Group. Furthermore, 
no assurance can be given as to the level of taxation which may be suffered by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor going forward. These risks could negatively affect the ability of the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor to service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the 
Guarantee, as applicable.  
(iv) Risks Relating to the Group’s Financing 
Capital Funding Risk 
When a tenant of one of the Group’s properties does not renew its lease or otherwise vacates its 
space (which may be earlier than anticipated), in order to attract one or more new tenants on 
terms satisfactory to the Group, the Group may be required to expend funds to construct new 
improvements in the vacated space. Furthermore, whilst the Group budgets for planned capital 
expenditure in line with available cash resources, the Group may sometimes be required to incur 
unexpected capital expenditure in respect of one or more of its real estate assets for which it has 
not planned or budgeted. While the Group intends to manage its cash position and access to 
financing to allow it to pay for any improvements or upgrades of a property required for re-letting 
and to allow it to pay for a certain level of unplanned capital expenditure, the Group cannot be 
certain that it will have adequate sources of funding available to it for such purposes at all times. 
In the event the Group has inadequate resources it may be unable to proceed with, or may be 
required to delay, such improvements or capital expenditure, which could result in certain real 
estate assets being vacant for extended periods or otherwise earning less income than they would 
if such improvements or capital expenditure were undertaken.  
This would result in falling revenues and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
results of operations and the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to service their respective 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
Leverage and refinancing risk 
The Group uses leverage to assist the fulfilment of its investment objectives. The Venture Adviser 
and the Group seek to use leverage in a manner they believe is prudent and in accordance with 
the leverage limits in the Group’s investment policy. However the use of leverage exposes the 
Group to a variety of risks normally associated with borrowing, including adverse economic factors 
such as rising interest rates, downturns in the economy or deteriorations in the condition of the 
Group’s investments or the real estate sector.  
To the extent that the Group incurs a substantial level of indebtedness, this could also reduce the 
Group’s financial flexibility and cash available to the Issuer or the Guarantor due to the need for 
the Group to service its debt obligations. Prior to agreeing to the terms of any debt financing, the 
Group comprehensively considers its potential debt servicing costs and all relevant financial and 
operating covenants and other restrictions. However, if certain extraordinary or unforeseen events 
occur, including breach of financial and operating covenants, the Group’s borrowings may be 
repayable prior to the date on which they are scheduled for repayment or could otherwise become 
subject to early termination. If the Group is required to repay borrowings early, it may be forced 
to sell assets when it would not otherwise choose to do so in order to make the payments and it

--- Page 34 ---
20 
may be subject to pre-payment penalties. Creditors could also force the sale of an asset through 
foreclosure or through the Group being put into administration. 
In addition, in the event that the income from the Portfolio falls (for example, due to tenant defaults 
leading to a loss of rental income or a substantial number of vacant properties in the Portfolio), 
the use of leverage increases the impact of such a fall on the net income of the Group and, 
accordingly, may have an adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to make 
payments in respect of Notes issued under the Programme and the Guarantee respectively. 
Moreover, in circumstances where the value of the Group’s assets is declining, the use of leverage 
by the Group may depress its net asset value. 
The Group may also find it difficult, costly or not possible to refinance indebtedness as it matures 
and, if interest rates are higher when the indebtedness is refinanced, the Group’s costs could 
increase. Any of the foregoing events may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial 
condition, business, prospects and results of operations. 
Risk of covenant breach 
A failure in the Group’s procedures could lead to a breach of financial or operating covenants 
within the Group’s debt funding arrangements. In addition a substantial fall in property values or 
income could lead to a breach of financial covenants within the Group’s debt funding 
arrangements. This could lead to a cancellation of debt funding which could, in turn, leave the 
Group without sufficient long-term resources. In addition, such a breach and foreclosure would 
lead to reputational damage to the Group further increasing difficulties in obtaining external 
financing or the costs of any additional external financing. 
Subordination to creditors of Group’s subsidiaries 
Third Party Debt 
As at the date of the Prospectus, the Group does not have any financing arrangements secured 
against the Portfolio, save for €14.8m of debt secured against two assets located in France. 
However, it may in future have in place additional third party financing arrangements whereby the 
financing party holds a prior charge over the assets upon which monies have been lent to the 
Group. Properties secured in this manner would not form part of the general assets of the Group 
that would be available to holders of Notes issued under the Programme in the case of insolvency 
or liquidation, although any excess proceeds from liquidation of the relevant loans, after 
satisfaction of the claims of the lenders, would be available to Noteholders. Accordingly, holders 
of such Notes will be subordinated to any secured lenders to the extent of their claims against the 
assets secured in respect of those secured borrowings. 
Unsecured Creditors 
Generally the claims of creditors of subsidiaries of the Issuer and the Guarantor, some of which 
are unsecured creditors, will have priority over claims of the Issuer with respect to the assets and 
earnings of such subsidiaries. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, 
receivership, insolvency, reorganisation, administration or similar proceeding relating to any one 
or more of the Issuer’s subsidiaries, holders of such subsidiaries’ indebtedness (which could 
include SEGRO and PSP) and the trade creditors of such subsidiaries will generally be entitled

--- Page 35 ---
21 
to payment of their claim from the assets of such subsidiaries before assets are made available 
for distribution to the Issuer. 
Interest rate, foreign exchange and hedging risk 
The Group, through its activities, is exposed to market risks which can generate losses as a result 
of fluctuations in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates. Failure to hedge effectively 
against adverse fluctuations in interest rates could negatively affect the Group’s operational 
results. The Group’s operational results may be adversely affected if its hedges are not effective 
to mitigate interest rate risks, if the Group is under-hedged or if a hedge provider defaults on its 
obligations under the Group’s hedging agreements. Furthermore there can be no assurance that 
the Group’s interest rate hedging arrangements or hedging policy will be effective. This may have 
a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor to service their 
respective obligations under Notes issued under the Programme or the Guarantee, as applicable.  
Additionally, changes in the interest rates of countries outside the Eurozone may also affect the 
financial position of the Group and the results of operations. Such fluctuations in exchange rates 
and interest rates may consequently have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor to service their respective obligations under Notes issued under the 
Programme or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
Risks associated with lack of liquidity or unavailability of funding 
The Group may need to raise further funds, including through further borrowing, to enable the 
Venture Adviser to optimally implement the Group’s investment policy and achieve the Group’s 
investment objectives. Whilst the Group is not currently aware of any factors that could adversely 
affect its ability to obtain such additional financing, there can be no guarantee that the Group will 
be able to raise such additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all, when it is needed. 
The Group’s investment strategy includes funding the acquisition of investments, in part, through 
borrowing. The Group’s ability to obtain credit on acceptable terms is subject to a wide variety of 
factors, including its own credit status as well as many factors which are outside the Group’s 
control, such as the condition of the financial markets, government and bank policies, interest 
rates and overall demand for credit. There can be no guarantee that the Group will be able to 
obtain the further credit it may need on acceptable terms. A decrease in the availability of credit 
may impair the Group’s ability to enter into certain transactions, which may affect its ability to 
achieve its investment objectives and which could, consequently, have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s financial condition, business, prospects and results of operations. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes: 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the 
most common such features:

--- Page 36 ---
22 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a 
manner which achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should 
consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at the time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, 
and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market 
value of, such Notes as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for 
Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time 
may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in 
response to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest 
rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the 
remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks"   
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the euro interbank 
offered rate (“EURIBOR”)) are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, 
to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.

--- Page 37 ---
23 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”) 
among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the 
UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could 
have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements linked to or 
referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes 
could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro 
denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles 
indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts 
(without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 
11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR 
fallback trigger events and fallback rates.  
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs in respect of an Original 
Reference Rate or other relevant reference rate and/or any page on which such benchmark may 
be published (or any other successor service) becomes unavailable. Such fallback arrangements 
include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or 
an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with the application (if

--- Page 38 ---
24 
determined) of an adjustment spread (which could be positive or negative), and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the new 
benchmark, all as determined by the Issuer (following consultation with an Independent Adviser) 
and as more fully described at Condition 5.2(b)(ii). It is possible that the adoption of a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate, including any adjustment spread, may result in any Notes linked to or 
referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a 
lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply 
in its current form. There is also a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
expected or intended at the relevant time or could impact the availability and cost of hedging 
instruments and borrowings or cause a potential mismatch with any hedging instruments or 
borrowing arrangements already in place relating to such Notes.  
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the 
Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national 
reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making 
any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised 
without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular 
Noteholders. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote 
upon matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use 
of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may 
be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent electronically, and including those 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders 
and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to 
the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the 
Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or 
Potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company 
as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in 
Condition 15. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative 
practice.

--- Page 39 ---
25 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English 
law or administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
The insolvency laws of Luxembourg may not be as favourable to prospective investors as 
insolvency laws of jurisdictions with which such investors may be familiar and may preclude 
holders of the Notes from recovering payments due on the Notes 
Pursuant to the Regulation (EU) No 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings, as amended (the “EU Insolvency Regulation”), the 
court which shall have jurisdiction to open insolvency proceedings in relation to a company is the 
court of the EU Member State (other than Denmark) where the company concerned has its 
“center of main interests” (centre des intérêts principaux) (as that term is used in Article 3(1) of 
the EU Insolvency Regulation) ("COMI"). The determination of where any such company has its 
COMI is a question of fact on which the courts of the different EU Member States may have 
differing and even conflicting views.  
There is a rebuttable presumption under Article 3(1) of the EU Insolvency Regulation that any 
such company has its COMI in the EU Member State in which it has its registered office, Preamble 
13 of the EU Insolvency Regulation states that the COMI of a debtor should correspond to the 
place where the debtor conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and “is 
therefore ascertainable by third parties.” In that respect, factors such as where board meetings 
are held, the location where the company conducts the majority of its business and the location 
where the large majority of the company’s creditors are established may all be relevant in the 
determination of the place where the company has its COMI, with the company’s COMI at the 
time of initiation of the relevant insolvency proceedings being not only decisive for the international 
jurisdiction of the courts of a certain Member State, but also for the insolvency laws applicable to 
these insolvency proceedings as each court would, subject to certain exemptions, apply its local 
insolvency laws (lex fori concursus). 
The Issuer and the Guarantor are incorporated in and have their head office (administration 
centrale) and have their COMI in Luxembourg. Accordingly, insolvency proceedings with respect 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor will in principle proceed under, and be governed by, Luxembourg 
insolvency laws. The insolvency laws of Luxembourg may not be as favourable to investors’ 
interests as those of other jurisdictions with which investors may be familiar and may limit the 
ability of Noteholders to enforce the terms of the Notes. Insolvency proceedings may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s business and assets and their 
respective obligations under the Notes or the Guarantee, as applicable. 
Luxembourg insolvency regime 
 
In the event that the Issuer or the Guarantor becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings (e.g., in 
particular, bankruptcy proceedings (faillite), controlled management proceedings (gestion 
contrôlée) and composition proceedings with creditors (concordat préventif de la faillite)) may be 
opened in Luxembourg to the extent that the Issuer or the Guarantor has its COMI located in 
Luxembourg (as described above) or an establishment in Luxembourg within the meaning the EU 
Insolvency Regulation (in relation to secondary proceedings assuming in this case that the COMI 
is located in a jurisdiction where the EU Insolvency Regulation is applicable). If a Luxembourg 
court having jurisdiction commences bankruptcy proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor,

--- Page 40 ---
26 
all enforcement measures against such companies will be suspended, except, subject to certain 
limited exceptions, for enforcement by secured creditors.  
In addition, a Noteholder’s ability to receive payment on the Notes or under the Guarantee may 
be affected by a decision of a Luxembourg court to grant a stay on payments (sursis de paiement) 
as provided by articles 593 et seq. of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce or to put the Issuer or 
the Guarantor into judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) pursuant to article 1200-1 of 
Luxembourg Company Law. Judicial liquidation proceedings may be opened at the request of the 
public prosecutor against companies pursuing an activity violating criminal laws or that are in 
serious breach or violation of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce or of the laws governing 
commercial companies, those laws governing authorisation to do business.  
The liability of the Issuer and the Guarantor in respect of the Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantee will, in each case, in the event of a liquidation of the relevant company following 
bankruptcy or judicial liquidation proceedings, only rank after the cost of liquidation (including any 
debt incurred for the purpose of such liquidation) and those other debts that are entitled to priority 
under Luxembourg law.  
Preferential debts under Luxembourg law include, among others: 
 
certain amounts owed to the Luxembourg Revenue Office; 
 
value-added tax and other taxes and duties owed to the Luxembourg Customs and 
Excise Agency; 
 
social security contributions; and 
 
remuneration owed to employees. 
Luxembourg insolvency laws may also affect transactions entered into or payments made by the 
relevant Luxembourg company during the period before bankruptcy, the so-called “hardening 
period” (période suspecte) which is a maximum of six months (and ten days, depending on the 
transaction in question) preceding the judgment declaring bankruptcy, except that in certain 
specific situations the court may set the start of the hardening period at an earlier date pursuant 
to article 613 of the Luxembourg Code of Commerce. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their 
Notes and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued.  
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that 
are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the 
remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of 
the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the 
relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of 
the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.

--- Page 41 ---
27 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which 
have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may 
be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
In respect of Notes issued as Green Bonds, there can be no assurance that the use of proceeds 
of the Notes and the Eligible Green Projects will be suitable for the investment criteria of an 
investor in the Notes 
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that an amount equal to 
the net proceeds from an offer of those Notes will be used to finance and/or refinance 
environmental and/or green new and existing business and projects whose activities meet the 
eligibility criteria detailed in the Green Finance Framework (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" 
section of this Prospectus) (such businesses and projects being the “Eligible Green Projects”). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information in the "Use of Proceeds" section of 
this Prospectus and the Green Finance Framework regarding such use of proceeds and 
determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in 
such Green Bonds, together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In 
particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of 
their respective affiliates that the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects will satisfy, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own governing 
documents or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental or green impact of any projects or uses that are the subject of, or related to, any 
Eligible Green Projects. 
The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may reduce, over the short and medium term, the number 
of suitable projects that the Group can invest in, finance or refinance. For example, the number 
of new acquisition or refurbishment projects may be reduced or the amount of energy which the 
Group consumes may be lower which would in turn reduce the expenditure on Eligible Green 
Projects. This could (but not necessarily will) result in, amongst other things, the Group setting an 
amount of the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds aside for application in the future, 
the Group holding an amount of the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds as cash in 
one or more of its bank accounts and/or the Group using an amount of the net proceeds of the 
issue of such Green Bonds for financing, refinancing or investing in other projects and/or activities. 
No assurance can be given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their 
respective affiliates that the Eligible Green Projects will meet investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels (including Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, the so-called EU Taxonomy). 
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Green Finance 
Framework and the relevant information contained in this Prospectus and seek advice from their 
independent financial adviser or other professional adviser regarding its purchase of such Green 
Bonds before deciding to invest. 
No assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Trustee 
nor any of their respective affiliates as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of the opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may 
be made available in connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any 
project to fulfil any environmental, green and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
such opinion or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part 
of this Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should it be deemed to be, a

--- Page 42 ---
28 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Trustee or any other person to 
buy, sell or hold any of such Green Bonds or that any Eligible Green Projects fulfil any 
environmental, green and/or other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is only current as of 
the date that opinion or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of opinions or certifications for the purpose of any investment in such Green 
Bonds. Currently, the providers of any such opinions or certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. Investors in such Green Bonds shall have no recourse 
against the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the provider of any such opinions or certifications 
for the contents of such opinions or certifications. 
If any Green Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), or are included in any dedicated "green", "environmental", or other equivalently-
labelled index or indices, no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates or any other person that such listing 
or admission, or inclusion in such index or indices, satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental or 
social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another and also the criteria for inclusion in 
such index or indices may vary from one index to another. Nor is any representation or assurance 
given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective 
affiliates or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in any such 
index or indices, will be obtained in respect of any such Green Bonds or, if obtained, that any 
such listing or admission to trading, or inclusion in such index or indices, will be maintained during 
the life of such Green Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any Green 
Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, the "Use of 
Proceeds" section of this Prospectus and the Green Finance Framework, there can be no 
assurance that the relevant project or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or 
accordance with any timing schedule or at an acceptable cost and that accordingly such proceeds 
will be totally or partially disbursed for or towards such Eligible Green Projects. Nor can there be 
any assurance that such Eligible Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or 
at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under such Green 
Bonds, or give rise to any other claim of a holder of such Green Bonds, as the case may be. Any 
such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds, 
as for or towards any Eligible Green Projects as aforesaid or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or such Green Bonds no longer being listed 
or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of such Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for or towards a particular purpose. For the

--- Page 43 ---
29 
avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case 
may be) on such Green Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project.  
Neither the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates or any other person will verify 
or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of such Green Bonds. 
Holders of Notes held through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg must rely on procedures 
of those clearing systems to effect transfers of Notes, receive payments in respect of Notes and 
vote at meetings of Noteholders 
Notes issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes 
that may be deposited with a common depositary or Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (each as defined under “Form of the Notes”). Except in the 
circumstances described in each Global Note, investors will not be entitled to receive Notes in 
definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective direct and 
indirect participants will maintain records of the beneficial interests in each Global Note held 
through it. While the Notes are represented by a Global Note, investors will be able to trade their 
beneficial interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective participants. 
While the Notes are represented by Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligation 
under the Notes by making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system 
and its participants to receive payments under the Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in any 
Global Note. Any failure by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to transfer payments under 
the Notes to investors could have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in a Global Note will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
Notes so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they 
are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint appropriate proxies. 
There can be no assurance that procedures implemented for the granting of such proxies will be 
sufficient to enable investors to vote on any matters on a timely basis. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able 
to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that 
are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will 
be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In

--- Page 44 ---
30 
addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor 
not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments 
under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Programme or any Notes may not reflect 
all risks associated with an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Programme or the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all 
risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed 
by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply 
in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA 
on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status 
of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain 
supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the 
updated ESMA list.

--- Page 45 ---
31 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As 
such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the 
case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings 
can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is 
subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case 
may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in 
certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use 
the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a 
different regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the 
secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover 
of this Prospectus.

--- Page 46 ---
32 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which 
shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus in full, and the page 
numbers listed alongside each document are included only for the purpose of signposting the 
reader to key sections and shall not be interpreted as limiting or curtailing the incorporation of 
each document in full into this Prospectus:  
(A) 
the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 together with the audit report thereon 
(the “Guarantor’s 2021 Annual Report”). 
The following information appears on the pages of the Guarantor’s 2021 Annual Report 
as set out below:  
 
Guarantor’s 2021 Annual Report 
 
 
Audit Report 
Pages 17 to 20 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 21 
Page 22 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 23 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 24 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 25 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 26 to 53 
 
(B) 
the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Guarantor as at 
and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, together with the audit report thereon 
(the “Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report”, together with the Guarantor’s 2021 Annual 
Report, the “Guarantor’s Annual Reports”).  
The following information appears on the pages of the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report 
as set out below: 
 
Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report 
 
 
Audit Report 
Pages 17 to 20 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 21 
Page 22 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 23 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 24 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 25 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 26 to 54

--- Page 47 ---
33 
(C) 
the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2021, together with the audit report thereon 
(the “Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report”). 
The following information appears on the pages of the Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report as 
set out below: 
 
Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report 
 
 
Audit Report 
Pages 17 to 22 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 23 
Page 24 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 25 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 26 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 27 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 28 to 55 
 
(D) 
the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and 
for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 together with the audit report thereon (the 
“Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report”, together with the Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report, the 
“Issuer’s Annual Reports”). 
The following information appears on the pages of the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report as 
set out below: 
 
Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report 
 
 
Audit Report 
Pages 17 to 22 
 
Consolidated Income Statement 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Page 23 
Page 24 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Page 25 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Page 26 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
Page 27 
 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Pages 28 to 56 
 
The above documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified 
or superseded for the purpose of this Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents which are incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus.

--- Page 48 ---
34 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without 
charge) from the following websites: 
Guarantor’s 2021 Annual Report 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202206/e42ea8a0-
d813-4a68-ad3b-52d2bb5ef420.pdf   
Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/7e4e5071-
510d-4500-b4c5-459c8b758785.PDF 
Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202206/3fc3aa6f-
93b7-4774-b366-2272bcddb0bc.pdf   
Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/f1bc68cc-
4740-4a95-8bc9-97cf78edb948.PDF

--- Page 49 ---
35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if 
permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such 
definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for 
a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in 
relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by SELP Finance S.à r.l., a private 
limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), incorporated under the laws of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (“Luxembourg”), having its registered office at 35-37, avenue de la 
Liberté, L-1931 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and registered with the Luxembourg 
trade and companies register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés, Luxembourg) (the “RCS 
Luxembourg”) under the number B177308 (the “Issuer”) constituted by a trust deed dated 7 July 
2022 (as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the “Trustee”, 
which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
The Notes are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by SEGRO European Logistics 
Partnership S.à r.l., a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), 
incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, having its registered office at 35-37, avenue de la 
Liberté, L-1931 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the RCS 
Luxembourg under the number B177300 (the “Guarantor”). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of 
each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in bearer form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not 
issued in exchange for a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such 
Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Agency Agreement”) dated 7 July 2022 and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee, Citibank, N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the 
“Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying 
Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), Citibank 
Europe plc as registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar) 
and a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the

--- Page 50 ---
36 
“Transfer Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents and other Transfer Agents together referred to as the 
“Agents”. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”). References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A 
of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of 
Bearer Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments 
remaining, talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons or talons. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in 
whose name the Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global 
Note, be construed as provided below) and the holders of the Coupons (the “Couponholders”, 
which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), 
in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further 
Tranche or Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series 
and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from 
which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Issuer (being as at 7 July 2022 35-37, avenue de la 
Liberté, L-1931 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg), and at the specified office of each of 
the Agents, or (ii) may be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request 
to the Trustee, any Paying Agents or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in 
a form satisfactory to the Trustee, the relevant Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be). 
The Noteholders and Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit 
of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms 
which are applicable to them.  
The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail 
and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 51 ---
37 
In the Conditions, “EUR” or “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage 
of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended, and “cent” shall mean the sub-unit of such currency. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the 
“Specified Currency”) and the denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be 
exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa.  
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon 
Notes in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not 
applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law,) deem and treat the 
bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Note 
as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out 
in the next succeeding paragraph. The provisions relating to the holding of a note register 
at the registered office of the issuer company contained in article 470-1 of the 
Luxembourg law on commercial companies dated 10 August 1915, as amended (the 
“Companies Act 1915”) shall not apply to the Registered Notes. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is 
for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on 
such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer 
Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant

--- Page 52 ---
38 
Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of 
Notes as aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification as it shall, in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such 
evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be 
conclusive and binding on all concerned.  
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part A of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, 
if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors 
and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable 
for Notes in definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note 
of the same series only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final 
Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with 
the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive 
form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in 
the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders 
must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered 
Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer 
Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or 
their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such 
other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant 
Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of 
title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject 
to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time 
to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency 
Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three 
business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the 
city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or 
such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws

--- Page 53 ---
39 
or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at 
its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured 
mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive 
form of a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of 
the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered 
Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance 
of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the 
risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be 
required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, 
called for partial redemption. 
2.4 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Note (or part thereof) to be registered during 
the period between the Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4) and the relevant due 
date. 
2.5 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any 
registration of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery 
other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment 
of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may 
be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Notes  
The Notes and any relative Coupons constitute direct, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and rateably without any preference 
among themselves, and equally with all other existing and future senior, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such exceptions as may be provided 
by applicable laws that are mandatory and of general application. 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and all other moneys 
payable by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor in the Trust Deed (the "Guarantee"). 
The Guarantee constitutes direct, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor and will rank equally with all other existing and future senior, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and by provisions of law that are mandatory and of 
general application.

--- Page 54 ---
40 
4. 
FINANCIAL COVENANTS 
4.1 
Loan to Value Ratio  
The Issuer must ensure that Consolidated Total Net Borrowings do not, as at each 
Reference Date, exceed 60 per cent. of Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets. 
4.2 
Interest Cover Ratio 
The Issuer must ensure that the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Net Finance Charges is 
not, in respect of each Relevant Period, less than 1.5:1. 
4.3 
Consolidated Priority Borrowings 
The Issuer must ensure that Consolidated Priority Borrowings do not, as at each 
Reference Date, exceed 30 per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets. 
4.4 
Definitions 
In these Conditions:  
(a) 
a person (the "First Person") has "Control" of another person (the "Second 
Person") if the First Person has the power (whether by way of ownership of 
shares, proxy, conduct, agency or otherwise) to, in relation to the Second Person: 
(i) 
cast, or control the casting of, more than 50 per cent. of the voting shares 
in the Second Person; or 
(ii) 
appoint or remove all or a majority of the directors or other equivalent 
officers of the Second Person; and 
(b) 
“acting in concert” shall have the meaning given to it in the City Code on 
Takeovers and Mergers; 
“Acceptable Bank” means a commercial bank or trust company which has a rating of A- or 
higher by S&P or Fitch, or A3 by Moody’s (or a comparable rating from a nationally recognised 
credit rating agency) for its long-term unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, or 
which has otherwise been approved by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed); 
“Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets” means Consolidated Total Assets less Consolidated 
Cash and Cash Equivalents; 
“Consolidated Cash and Cash Equivalents” means, at any time:  
(i) 
cash in hand or on deposit with any Acceptable Bank; 
(ii) 
certificates of deposit maturing within one year after the relevant date of calculation 
issued by an Acceptable Bank;

--- Page 55 ---
41 
(iii) 
any investment in marketable debt obligations issued or guaranteed by the government 
of the United States of America, the United Kingdom, any member state of the 
European Economic Area or any Participating Member State or by an instrumentality 
or agency of any of them having an equivalent credit rating, maturing within one year 
after the relevant date of calculation, not convertible or exchangeable to any other 
security and which contains terms which do not contemplate a negative interest rate;  
(iv) 
commercial paper not convertible or exchangeable to any other security: 
(a) 
for which a recognised trading market exists; 
(b) 
issued by an issuer incorporated in the United States of America, the United 
Kingdom, any member state of the European Economic Area or any 
Participating Member State; 
(c) 
which matures within one year after the relevant date of calculation; 
(d) 
which do not contemplate a negative interest rate; and 
(e) 
which has a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by S&P or F1 or higher by Fitch 
or P-1 or higher by Moody's, or, if no rating is available in respect of the 
commercial paper, the issuer of which has, in respect of its long-term 
unsecured and non-credit enhanced debt obligations, an equivalent rating; 
(v) 
sterling bills of exchange eligible for rediscount at the Bank of England and accepted 
by an Acceptable Bank; 
(vi) 
any investment in money market funds accessible within 30 days which (i) have a credit 
rating of either A-1 or higher by S&P or F1 or higher by Fitch or P-1 or higher by 
Moody's, and (ii) invest substantially all their assets in securities of the types described 
in paragraphs (ii) to (v) above; or 
(vii) 
any other debt security or investment approved by Extraordinary Resolution, 
in each case, to which any member of the Issuer Group is alone (or together with other 
members of the Issuer Group) beneficially entitled at that time and which is capable of being 
applied against Consolidated Total Borrowings; 
“Consolidated EBITDA” means, in respect of any Relevant Period, the consolidated operating 
profit of the Issuer Group before taxation (including the results from discontinued operations): 
(i) 
before deducting any interest, commission, fees, discounts, prepayment fees, 
premiums or charges and other finance payments whether paid, payable or capitalised 
by any member of the Issuer Group (calculated on a consolidated basis) in respect of 
that Relevant Period; 
(ii) 
after deducting the amount of any profit (or adding back the amount of any loss) of any 
member of the Issuer Group which is attributable to minority interests;

--- Page 56 ---
42 
(iii) 
not including any accrued interest owing to any member of the Issuer Group; 
(iv) 
not including any unrealised gain (or loss) arising from an upward (or downward) 
revaluation of any other assets of members of the Issuer Group; 
(v) 
after adding back any amount attributable to the amortisation, depreciation or 
impairment of assets of members of the Issuer Group; 
(vi) 
before taking into account any Exceptional Items; and 
(vii) 
before taking into account any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument 
(other than any derivative instrument which is accounted for on a hedge accounting 
basis), 
in each case, to the extent added, deducted or taken into account, as the case may be, for the 
purposes of determining operating profits of the Issuer Group before taxation; 
“Consolidated Priority Borrowings” means the total (without double counting) of all 
Consolidated Total Borrowings which are: 
(i) 
incurred by all Subsidiaries of the Issuer (excluding any borrowings where the creditor 
of such borrowings is the Issuer or another Subsidiary of the Issuer); or 
(ii) 
secured by any security interest granted by a member of the Issuer Group over assets 
of any member of the Issuer Group. 
For this purpose only, security interests will not include: 
(a) 
any security interest comprising a netting or set-off arrangement entered into by a 
member of the Issuer Group in the ordinary course of its banking arrangements for the 
purpose of netting debit and credit balances; and 
(b) 
any lien arising by operation of law and in the ordinary course of business; 
“Consolidated Total Assets” means, at any time, the amount identified with the heading “Total 
Assets” as reported in the most recent consolidated financial statements (including for the 
avoidance of doubt any interim unaudited consolidated financial management accounts) of the 
Issuer, after deducting the amount of any assets of any member of the Issuer Group which is 
attributable to minority or non-controlling interests; 
“Consolidated Total Borrowings” means, at any time, the aggregate outstanding principal, 
capital or nominal amount of any indebtedness of any member of the Issuer Group for or in 
respect of: 
(i) 
moneys borrowed; 
(ii) 
any acceptances under any acceptance credit or bill discount facility (or dematerialised 
equivalent);

--- Page 57 ---
43 
(iii) 
any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or any 
similar instrument; 
(iv) 
any finance lease; 
(v) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold 
on a non-recourse basis); 
(vi) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, bond, standby or 
documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution in respect of an underlying liability of an entity which is not a member of the 
Issuer Group which liability would fall within one of the other paragraphs of this 
definition; 
(vii) 
any amount of any liability under an advance or deferred purchase agreement if: (a) 
the primary purpose of the entry into the agreement is to raise finance or to finance the 
acquisition or construction of the asset or service in question or (b) the agreement is in 
respect of the supply of assets or services and payment is due more than 180 days 
after the date of supply; 
(viii) 
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase 
agreement, sale and sale back or sale and leaseback agreement) having the 
commercial effect of a borrowing; and 
(ix) 
(without double counting) the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or 
indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (viii) above,  
but excluding: 
(a) 
any amounts borrowed by one member of the Issuer Group from another member of 
the Issuer Group; and 
(b) 
all amounts borrowed by the Issuer under a Qualifying Shareholder Loan; 
“Consolidated Total Net Borrowings” means at any time Consolidated Total Borrowings less 
Consolidated Cash and Cash Equivalents; 
“Distributable Items” means, in respect of a period for which it falls to be calculated, the sum 
(without double counting) of: 
(i) 
the Distributable Profit of the Issuer in respect of such period; plus 
(ii) 
any amount of Distributable Profit in respect of any preceding period which has not 
been applied in payment of interest or principal in respect of a Qualifying Shareholder 
Loan and which is otherwise available for distribution to the Issuer’s shareholders in 
accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation; 
“Distributable Profit” shall mean, in respect of a period for which it falls to be calculated, the 
net profit of the Issuer for such period, as reported in the Issuer’s most recently prepared

--- Page 58 ---
44 
management accounts, after adding back all interest expense accrued in respect of Qualifying 
Shareholder Loans during such period; 
“Exceptional Items” means any exceptional, one-off, non-recurring or extraordinary items; 
“Finance Charges” means, for any Relevant Period, the aggregate amount of the accrued 
interest in respect of Consolidated Total Borrowings paid by any member of the Issuer Group 
(calculated on a consolidated basis) in cash in respect of that Relevant Period: 
(i) 
excluding any upfront fees or costs; and 
(ii) 
including the interest (but not the capital) element of payments in respect of finance 
leases; 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and includes any successor to its rating business 
and any of its affiliates; 
“Issuer Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries as a whole; 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH and includes any successor to its rating 
business and any of its affiliates; 
“Net Finance Charges” means, for any Relevant Period, the Finance Charges (including those 
for joint venture interests) for that Relevant Period after deducting any interest payable in that 
Relevant Period to any member of the Issuer Group (other than by another member of the 
Issuer Group) on Consolidated Cash and Cash Equivalents; 
“New Ultimate Owner” means a person or group of persons acting in concert (other than 
SEGRO or PSP) which has gained Control of an entity;  
“Participating Member State” means any member state of the European Union that has the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to 
Economic and Monetary Union; 
“PSP” means Public Sector Pensions Investment Board, a crown corporation established by 
the Canadian Public Sector Pension Investment Act 1999; 
“Qualifying Shareholder Loan” means a loan advanced by a SEGRO, PSP or New Ultimate 
Owner of the Issuer (or their respective Subsidiaries), to the Issuer, which meets the following 
minimum requirements: 
(i) 
the final maturity date of such loan shall be not less than one year after the Maturity 
Date; 
(ii) 
the obligations of the Issuer under such loan are subordinated to all secured, 
unsecured and unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer (“Senior Liabilities”), including 
amounts outstanding under indebtedness for borrowed money and liabilities owed to 
trade creditors and also including (without limitation) the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Notes;

--- Page 59 ---
45 
(iii) 
repayments and prepayments of principal in respect of such loan shall be deferred 
unless (a) at the time for payment under the terms of such loan, no amounts are due 
and payable but unpaid in respect of any Senior Liabilities in accordance with the terms 
governing such Senior Liabilities, or (b) the ratio of Consolidated Total Net Borrowings 
to Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets, as reported in the Issuer’s most recently 
prepared management accounts, is not more than 40 per cent. both at the time of, and 
immediately following, the relevant payment; 
(iv) 
payments of interest in respect of such loan shall be deferred unless (a) at the time for 
payment under the terms of such loan, no amounts are due and payable but unpaid in 
respect of any Senior Liabilities in accordance with the terms governing such Senior 
Liabilities, or (b) the amount of the relevant interest payment would not exceed 
Distributable Items for the period in respect of which such interest payment is accrued; 
and 
(v) 
the lender under such loan is a direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer, and such 
lender is prohibited from transferring its interests under such loan, in whole or in part, 
unless it also transfers a proportion of its direct or indirect shareholding in the Issuer 
equal to the proportion of the loan to be transferred (such that the ratio of its 
shareholding to its interests under the loan shall not change); 
“Reference Date” means 31 December and 30 June in each year, provided that the first 
Reference Date shall be the first occurring such date falling after the issue date of the first 
Tranche of the Notes; 
“Relevant Period” means each 12 month period ending on each Reference Date; 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and includes any successor to its rating 
business and any of its affiliates; 
“SEGRO” means SEGRO plc, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of England 
and Wales with company number 00167591 and with its registered office at 1 New Burlington 
Place, London, England, W1S 2HR; and 
“Subsidiary” means an entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or owns directly 
or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar rights of ownership and 
“control” for this purpose means the ability to direct the management and policies of the entity, 
whether through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer (whether or not addressed to the 
Trustee) that in its opinion a loan is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or 
throughout any specified period a Qualifying Shareholder Loan may be relied upon by the 
Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes

--- Page 60 ---
46 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  
Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) 
an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated 
in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global 
Note or (ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global 
Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, 
the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount, as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates 
Notes which are Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in 
accordance with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment

--- Page 61 ---
47 
Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is 
equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(b) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the 
sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination 
Period 
and 
(y) 
the 
number 
of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) 
the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the 
period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:

--- Page 62 ---
48 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms 
after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, 
“Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment 
Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an 
Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in Luxembourg and each Additional Business Centre 
(other than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 63 ---
49 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 
System”) is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes  
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being 
EURIBOR) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest 
in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of 
(A) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer 
than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified 
in the preceding paragraph.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 64 ---
50 
(ii) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(A) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding Condition 5.2(b)(i), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, with a view to the Issuer determining a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any) 
(in accordance with Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(C)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(D)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(b)(ii) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the 
Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Trustee, the 
Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, if applicable, or the Noteholders for 
any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made 
by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.2(b)(ii). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the 
Issuer fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with this Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(A) at least five Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate 
of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. 
Where a different Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin (if any) or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin (if any) or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this subparagraph shall apply to the relevant next succeeding 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 
5.2(b)(ii).   
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines that:   
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5.2(b)(ii)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the

--- Page 65 ---
51 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an 
Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5.2(b)(ii)(C)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for 
all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 5.2(b)(ii)).   
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that 
an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be).   
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(b)(ii)) and the Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines (i) that amendments 
to these Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(E), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions, the Agency 
Agreement and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories (as defined in the Trust 
Deed) of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(E), the Trustee and 
each Agent shall (at the expense and direction of the Issuer), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to 
use their reasonable endeavours to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and an agreement 
supplemental to or amending the Agency Agreement) and neither the 
Trustee, nor any Agent, shall be liable to any party for any consequences

--- Page 66 ---
52 
thereof, provided that neither the Trustee, nor any Agent shall be obliged 
so to concur if in the sole opinion of the Trustee or, as the case may be, 
any Agent, doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee or, as 
the case may be, any Agent, in these Conditions and/or any documents to 
which it is a party (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental 
trust deed or supplemental agency agreement) in any way. 
(E) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 
5.2(b)(ii) will be notified at least five Business Days before the relevant 
Interest Determination Date by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the Paying Agents and, 
in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any). 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer: 
(1) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, 
(b) the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the 
Alternative 
Rate, 
(c) 
where 
applicable, 
any 
Adjustment Spread and (d) the specific terms of any 
Benchmark 
Amendments, 
in 
each 
case 
as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii); and 
(2) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or 
liability to any person and without any obligation to verify or investigate the 
accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Trustee shall not be liable to the Noteholders or any other person for so 
acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such

--- Page 67 ---
53 
modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such 
person. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 
5.2(b)(ii)(A), 5.2(b)(ii)(B), 5.2(b)(ii)(C) and 5.2(b)(ii)(D), the Original 
Reference Rate and the fallback provisions referred to in Condition 
5.2(b)(i) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred and the Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent, if 
applicable, have been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment Spread and Benchmark 
Amendments, in accordance with Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(E).   
(G) 
Definitions 
As used in this Condition 5.2(b)(ii): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally 
recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(2) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate) the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines, is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be); or 
(3) 
(if the Issuer determines that no such industry 
standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Issuer, 
in its discretion, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate;

--- Page 68 ---
54 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(B) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency 
as the Notes; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
5.2(b)(ii)(D); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for 
a period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing to 
exist; or 
(2) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or will (on or before a specified date) 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference 
Rate) and (b) the date falling six months prior to the 
date specified in (a); or 
(3) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has 
been or will (on or before a specified date) be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (b) the 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(a); or 
(4) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the 
Original Reference Rate will (on or before a specified 
date) be prohibited from being used either generally, 
or in respect of the Notes and (b) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (a); or 
(5) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, no longer be 
representative of an underlying market and (b) the

--- Page 69 ---
55 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(a); or 
(6) 
it has or will become unlawful for the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, or the 
Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholders using the Original Reference Rate; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 
5.2(b)(ii)(A), and notified in writing to the Trustee; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) on the Notes or, if applicable, any other 
successor or alternative rate (or any component part thereof) determined 
and applicable to the Notes pursuant to the earlier operation of this 
Condition 5.2(b)(ii); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, 
chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body.  
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate

--- Page 70 ---
56 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate 
of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the 
amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note 
or (ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of (A) the Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such 
Registered Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if 
any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365;

--- Page 71 ---
57 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 72 ---
58 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate

--- Page 73 ---
59 
(where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of 
time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of 
Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London Business Day” means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Discretions 
 
Notwithstanding anything included in these Conditions or any applicable Final Terms,  
and/or any other agreement between, inter alia, the Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, any Calculation Agency Agreement (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement)) for any Series of Notes to the contrary, the Issuer agrees that the 
Principal Paying Agent when nominated as the Calculation Agent in relation to such Notes 
will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including, but not limited to, 
determinations of alternative or substitute benchmarks successor reference rates, screen 
pages, interest adjustment factors/fractions or spreads, market disruptions, benchmark 
amendment conforming changes, selection and polling of reference banks), and any such 
discretion shall instead (unless an alternative method for determination by any entity other 
than the Calculation Agent or the Principal Paying Agent is specified in the Conditions) 
be exercised by the Issuer (following consultation with any such independent advisers as 
it deems necessary).  
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this

--- Page 74 ---
60 
Condition 5.2 by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and 
(in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach 
to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with 
the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
8; and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto 
and the Issuer or the Guarantor will not be liable to Noteholders for any taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, agreements or regulations. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) 
be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and

--- Page 75 ---
61 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive 
Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used 
herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined 
below)) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum 
due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative 
missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on 
which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to 
its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and 
no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may 
be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” 
is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) 
whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon 
provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment 
Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is 
less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall 
be payable only against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global 
Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified 
above in relation to definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the 
relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case 
may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal 
and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent

--- Page 76 ---
62 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable.  
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any 
sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or 
any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated 
Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose 
a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the 
Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these purposes, “Designated 
Account” means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means 
(in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments 
in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the 
first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in 
global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due 
date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether 
or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the “Record 
Date”). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption a 
will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered 
Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect 
of any payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, 
the Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records

--- Page 77 ---
63 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made 
by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar 
payments of principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified 
office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to 
make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States 
of the full amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner 
provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and 
interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer 
or the Guarantor. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in 
respect of such delay. For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject 
to Condition 9) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and

--- Page 78 ---
64 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and  
(e) 
any purchase price pursuant to Condition 7.5, any premium and any other 
amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer under or in 
respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, 
or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity  
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.6, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14, the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee 
immediately before the giving of such notice that:

--- Page 79 ---
65 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
8 or the Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure 
payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay 
such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, or clarification of the laws, treaties, protocols, rulings or 
regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) or any change in the 
published application or official interpretation of such laws, treaties, protocols, 
rulings or regulations and including the decision of any court governmental 
agency or tribunal, which change or amendment is announced, enacted or 
becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee (i) a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the 
Issuer or, as the case may be, two Authorised Signatories of the Guarantor stating that 
the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to 
pay such additional amounts as a result of such change, amendment or clarification and 
the Trustee shall be entitled without further investigation or enquiry to accept the 
certificate and such opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above, in which event they shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.2 below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption but otherwise without premium 
or penalty. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Optional

--- Page 80 ---
66 
Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the 
Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount or Make-whole 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(i) 
if “Spens Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be equal to (a) 100 
per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or, if 
higher, (b) the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed 
multiplied by the price, as reported to the Issuer by the Financial Adviser, at 
which the Gross Redemption Yield to the Maturity Date or, in the case of any 
Par Call Notes, the First Par Call Notes Redemption Date, on such Notes on 
the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by 
reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the 
Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Financial Adviser; or 
(ii) 
if “Make-whole Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be an 
amount calculated by the Financial Adviser equal to (a) 100 per cent. of the 
principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed or, if higher, (b) the 
sum of the then present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes 
to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Note (exclusive of 
interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption 
on an annual basis at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
In this Condition 7.3: 
“FA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the 
Financial Adviser as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
remaining term to the Maturity Date or, in the case of any Par Call Notes, to the First Par 
Call Notes Redemption Date that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the same currency as the Notes and of a comparable maturity 
to the remaining term to the Maturity Date or, in the case of any Par Call Notes, to the 
First Par Call Notes Redemption Date; 
“Financial Adviser” means an investment bank or financial institution of international 
standing selected by the Issuer; 
“First Par Call Notes Redemption Date” means, in respect of any Par Call Notes, the 
first Par Call Notes Redemption Date; 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means, in respect of a security, the gross redemption yield 
for such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Financial Adviser on 
the basis set out by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper Formulae 
for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields page 5, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae 
Conventional Gilts; Double-dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date (published 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 
2002 and 16 March 2005 (as amended and supplemented from time to time)) on a semi-

--- Page 81 ---
67 
annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if 
necessary) to four decimal places) or on such other basis as the Issuer may approve; 
“Par Call Notes” means any Notes in respect of which: (i) Issuer Call is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) any Optional Redemption Amount 
is specified as being an amount per Calculation Amount equal to the Calculation Amount 
(such Optional Redemption Amount, the “Par Call Amount”); 
“Par Call Notes Redemption Date” means an Optional Redemption Date on which the 
Notes may be redeemed at the Par Call Amount; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or shall be the FA 
Selected Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (A) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date 
of redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond 
Dealer Quotations, or (B) if the Financial Adviser obtains fewer than four such Reference 
Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual yield to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference 
Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such date of redemption; 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the 
Issuer, or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic 
average, as determined by the Financial Adviser, of the bid and offered prices for the 
Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the 
Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in 
writing to the Financial Adviser by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of 
scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to the Maturity Date 
or, in the case of any Par Call Notes, the First Par Call Notes Redemption Date 
determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including 
the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed 
Notes”) will (i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be 
selected individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption 
and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in

--- Page 82 ---
68 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected 
in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will 
be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed 
for redemption.   
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable 
Final Terms the (unless, prior to the giving of such notice, the Issuer gives any of the 
notices referred to in Condition 7.2 or 7.3 in respect of the Note) the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this 
Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, 
a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the 
nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the 
Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject 
to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive bearer 
form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held 
to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this 
Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on their instruction 
by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put Event)  
If Change of Control Put Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, then this Condition 7.5 shall apply.

--- Page 83 ---
69 
If at any time while any Notes to which this Condition 7.5 applies remain outstanding a 
Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any such Note will have the option (a 
“Change of Control Put Option”) (unless prior to the giving of the relevant Change of 
Control Put Event Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has given notice of redemption 
under any other Condition) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) such Note on the Change of Control Put Date (as 
defined below) at its principal amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Change of Control Put Date.  
Promptly upon the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, becoming aware that a 
Change of Control Put Event has occurred the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor, shall, and at any time upon the Trustee becoming similarly so aware the 
Trustee may, and if so requested by the holders of at least 25 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, shall, (subject in each case to the Trustee 
being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice a 
“Change of Control Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for 
exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of this Note 
the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during 
normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling 
within the period of 30 days after the Change of Control Put Event Notice (the “Change 
of Control Put Period”), a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar (a “Change of Control Put Option Exercise Notice”) and in 
which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be 
redeemed or purchased (as the case may be) and, if less than the full nominal amount of 
the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed or purchased (as the case may 
be), an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such 
Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change of Control Put Option 
Exercise Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Change of Control Put Option 
Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as 
the case may be, purchase of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the Change 
of Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.

--- Page 84 ---
70 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.5:  
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant 
Announcement Date and ending 90 days after the Change of Control (or such longer 
period for which the relevant Series of Notes are under consideration (such consideration 
having been announced publicly within the period ending 90 days after the Change of 
Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period 
not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such consideration); 
“Change of Control Put Date” means the date which is seven days after the expiration 
of the Change of Control Put Period;  
“Change of Control Put Event” means an event or circumstance in which a New 
Ultimate Owner gains Control of the Issuer or the Guarantor (a “Change of Control”), 
where: 
(a) 
on the Relevant Announcement Date the relevant Series of Notes carry:  
(i) 
a credit rating of at least BBB- by S&P or Fitch, or Baa3 by Moody’s (or 
equivalent ratings from time to time) (an “Investment Grade Rating”), 
and such rating is, within the Change of Control Period, either 
downgraded to a credit rating of BB+ (or below) by S&P or Fitch, or Ba1 
(or below) by Moody’s (or equivalent ratings from time to time) (a “Non-
Investment Grade Rating”) or withdrawn by each such Rating Agency 
and is not, within the Change of Control Period, subsequently reinstated 
or (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to an Investment Grade Rating 
by such Rating Agency; 
(ii) 
a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency at the invitation 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor and such rating is, within the Change of 
Control Period, either downgraded by one or more rating categories (for 
example from Ba1 to Ba2 or such similar lowering) or withdrawn by each 
such Rating Agency and is not, within the Change of Control Period, 
subsequently reinstated or (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to its 
earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or  
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also 
occurs within the Change of Control Period,  
provided that if at the time of the Relevant Announcement Date the relevant Series of 
Notes carry a credit rating from more than one Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, at least one of which is an Investment Grade Rating, then sub-
paragraph (i) will apply and sub-paragraph (ii) will not apply; and  
(b) 
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to 
paragraph (i) or (ii) above or not to award a credit rating as described in paragraph 
(ii) of the definition of Negative Rating Event, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or the Guarantor that such 
decision(s) resulted to a significant extent from the occurrence of the Change of 
Control;

--- Page 85 ---
71 
a “Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at such time as there is 
no credit rating assigned to the relevant Series of Notes by a Rating Agency: 
(i) 
the Issuer does not, either prior to, or not later than 21 days after, the occurrence 
of the Change of Control seek, and thereafter throughout the Change of Control 
Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a credit rating of the relevant 
Series of Notes, or any other unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the Issuer 
or of any Subsidiary of the Issuer which is guaranteed on an unsecured and 
unsubordinated basis by the Guarantor (or, where the relevant debt is incurred 
by a Subsidiary of the Issuer, the Issuer) and which has an original maturity of 
at least the same tenor as the relevant Series of Notes; or  
(ii) 
if the Issuer does so seek and use such endeavours, it is unable to obtain such 
a rating of at least investment grade by the end of the Change of Control Period; 
“Rating Agency” means any or all (as the context requires) of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P; 
and 
“Relevant Announcement Date” means the date of the first public announcement of the 
relevant Change of Control (if any). 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event, 
a Change of Control or a Negative Rating Event has occurred, or any event which could 
lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control Put Event, a Change of 
Control or a Negative Rating Event has occurred, or whether the Issuer has sought, or 
could obtain, any confirmation from any Rating Agency pursuant to paragraph (iii) of the 
definition of “Change of Control Put Event” above, and, until it shall have actual 
knowledge or express notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may 
assume that no Change of Control Put Event, Change of Control, Negative Rating Event 
or other such event has occurred. 
7.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and

--- Page 86 ---
72 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) 
or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the -actual number 
of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 
360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator 
will be 365).  
7.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes (provided 
that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation.  
7.8 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed (or purchased pursuant to Condition 7.5 above) will 
forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto 
or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes 
purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.7 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.9 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4 or 7.5 above or upon its becoming 
due and repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount 
calculated as provided in Condition 7.6(b) above as though the references therein to the 
date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes 
due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Registrar or the Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 87 ---
73 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest, or in the case of Condition 7.5, if applicable, 
purchase price and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatsoever nature (“Taxes”) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
a Tax Jurisdiction, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or 
Coupons after such Taxes shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest or 
purchase price and interest (if applicable under Condition 7.5) which would otherwise 
have been receivable by them if no withholding or deduction had been required; except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder which is (i) liable to Taxes in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of it (or its beneficial owners) having 
some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note 
or Coupon or (ii) able to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a 
declaration of non-residence or other similar claim; or 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the 
extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount 
on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6); or  
(c) 
any combination of the above.  
As used herein: 
(a) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or, any other 
jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, of principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject; and 
(b) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may 
be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of 
such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8) therefor.

--- Page 88 ---
74 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any 
Coupon the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 
9 or Condition 6.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 
25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), give notice in writing to the Issuer 
and to the Guarantor that the Notes are, and the Notes shall thereupon immediately 
become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount together with accrued 
interest (if any) as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the following events (each, together 
with the certification by the Trustee as hereinafter mentioned (where applicable), an 
“Event of Default”) shall occur and is continuing and provided that, in the case of each 
of the events described in paragraphs (c) to (k) only, the Trustee has certified in writing to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders: 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the 
Notes and the default continues for a period of five Banking Days or more; or 
(b) 
any requirement of Condition 4 is not satisfied; or 
(c) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, fails to perform or observe any 
of their respective obligations under the Conditions or the Trust Deed (other than 
those referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) above) and (except in any case 
where, in the opinion of the Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no 
such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure 
continues for the period of 30 days (or such longer period as the Trustee may 
agree) following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
applicable) of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(d) 
(i) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Issuer, the Guarantor or 
any of their respective Material Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable 
prematurely by reason of an event of default (however described); 
(i) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries 
fails to make any payment in respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money on the due date for payment as extended by any originally 
applicable grace period; or 
(ii) 
default is made by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Material Subsidiaries in making any payment due from it in relation to any 
Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any other person, 
provided that no event described in this paragraph (d) shall constitute an Event 
of Default unless the amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money due and

--- Page 89 ---
75 
unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts 
of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other 
events specified in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iii) above which have occurred, 
amounts to at least €20 million (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(e) 
(i) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries 
is, or under any applicable legislation is deemed to be, unable or admits 
inability to pay its debts as they fall due (save where any of the foregoing 
is, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, being disputed in good faith) 
or suspends making payments on all or a class of its debts; or 
(ii) 
a moratorium or reprieve from payment is declared or agreed in respect 
of any indebtedness of any the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries; or 
(f) 
except (A) for the purposes of a reorganisation, merger, consolidation or other 
form of business combination on terms previously approved in writing by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution or (B) in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary only, for the purposes of a voluntary amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring in relation to a Material Subsidiary and where such Material 
Subsidiary is solvent: 
(i) 
an application or an order is made by any competent court, proceedings 
are commenced or a resolution is passed for the winding up, dissolution 
or administration of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Material Subsidiaries; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries 
makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any 
composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any 
class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal 
for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any 
class of its creditors), 
other than (in any such case as is referred to in sub-paragraph (i) above) where 
any such application or proceedings is/are withdrawn or dismissed within 20 
Banking Days; or 
(g) 
except for the purposes of a reorganisation, merger, consolidation or other form 
of business combination on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee 
or by an Extraordinary Resolution, the Issuer or the Guarantor ceases or 
threatens to cease to conduct all or substantially all of its business; or 
(h) 
proceedings are initiated by or against the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Material Subsidiaries (other than a Non-Recourse Subsidiary) under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other 
similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or 
other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator 
or other similar official is appointed, in relation to the Issuer, the Guarantor or any

--- Page 90 ---
76 
of their respective Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to all 
or a material part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, other than where 
any such application or proceedings is/are withdrawn or dismissed within 20 
Banking Days and except, in the case of a Material Subsidiary only, for the 
purposes of a voluntary amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring in relation 
to such Material Subsidiary and where such Material Subsidiary is solvent; or 
(i) 
an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a material part of the 
undertaking or assets of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any of their respective 
Material Subsidiaries (other than a Non-Recourse Subsidiary) and in each case 
such action is not discharged within 20 Banking Days; or 
(j) 
any expropriation in connection with a creditor’s process, attachment, seizure, 
sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of the Issuer, the 
Guarantor or any of their respective Material Subsidiaries (other than a Non-
Recourse Subsidiary), and in each case, having an aggregate value of at least 
ten per cent. of Consolidated Total Assets of the Issuer Group (or its equivalent 
in any other currency) and is not discharged within 20 Banking Days; or 
(k) 
any event occurs which, under the laws of any Relevant Jurisdiction, has or may 
have, in the Trustee’s opinion, an analogous effect to any of the events referred 
to in paragraph (e), (f), (g), (h), (i) or (j) above; or 
(l) 
the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the Issuer or the Guarantor not to 
be, in full force and effect. 
In these Conditions: 
“Banking Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and Luxembourg City; 
“Guarantor Consolidated Total Assets” means, at any time, the amount identified with 
the heading “Total Assets” as reported in the most recent consolidated financial 
statements of the Guarantor, after deducting the amount of any assets of the Guarantor 
or its Subsidiaries which is attributable to minority or non-controlling interests (other than 
minority or non-controlling interests held by SEGRO, PSP or a New Ultimate Owner of 
the Guarantor (or their respective Subsidiaries) in SELP Investments S.à r.l. or the 
Issuer); 
“Indebtedness for Borrowed Money” means any indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of: 
(i) 
moneys borrowed; 
(ii) 
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or 
benefit from fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of 
any such derivative transaction, only the net marked to market value (or, if any 
actual net amount is due as a result of the termination or close-out of that 
derivative transaction, that amount) shall be taken into account);

--- Page 91 ---
77 
(iii) 
any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any 
person in respect of any item referred to in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) above; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, as of any date, a Subsidiary of the Guarantor in respect of 
which the aggregate book value of its assets represents ten per cent. or more of 
Guarantor Consolidated Total Assets; and 
“Non-Recourse Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
which has outstanding financial indebtedness to a person other than a Holder, 
the Guarantor, the Issuer, or any other Subsidiary of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
which has no claim on the Guarantor, the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the 
Guarantor unless that Subsidiary is also a Non-Recourse Subsidiary; and 
(c) 
no creditor in respect of which has any claim on the Guarantor, Issuer or any 
Subsidiary of the Guarantor unless that Subsidiary is also a Non-Recourse 
Subsidiary. 
A report by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer (whether or not addressed to the 
Trustee) that in its opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any 
particular time or throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary may be relied 
upon by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
In these Conditions, where it relates to the Issuer, the Guarantor or to a company 
incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, a reference to: 
(a) 
a winding-up, administration or dissolution includes, without limitation, 
bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
volontaire ou judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat préventif de la 
faillite), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management 
(gestion contrôlée), general settlement with creditors, reorganisation or similar 
laws affecting the rights of creditors generally; 
(b) 
a receiver, administrative receiver, administrator or the like includes, without 
limitation, a juge délégué, commissaire, juge-commissaire, liquidateur or 
curateur; 
(c) 
a security interest includes any hypothèque, nantissement, gage, privilège, 
sûreté réelle, droit de rétention and any type of real security or agreement or 
arrangement having a similar effect and any transfer of title by way of security; 
and 
(d) 
a person being unable to pay its debts includes that person being in a state of 
cessation of payments (cessation de paiements). 
10.2 
Enforcement

--- Page 92 ---
78 
At any time, the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, institute such 
proceedings or take such steps or actions against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it 
may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed and/or the Notes and/or the Coupons, 
but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or to take, or omit to take any other 
action or step (including instituting such proceedings, steps or actions) under or pursuant 
to the Trust Deed unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
or so requested in writing by Noteholders holding at least 25 per cent. in aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding and (b) in each case, it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. No Noteholder or 
Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor unless the 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a period 
of 120 days and such failure or inability is continuing. 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such 
action in that jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant 
jurisdiction, be contrary to any law of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also 
refrain from taking such action if it would otherwise render it liable to any person in that 
jurisdiction or if, in its opinion based upon such legal advice, it would not have the power 
to do the relevant thing in that jurisdiction by virtue of any applicable law in that jurisdiction 
or if it is determined by any court or other competent authority in that jurisdiction that it 
does not have such power. 
 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by 
the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and 
on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. The replacement of the Bearer Notes or Coupons in the case 
of loss or theft shall be subject to the procedure of the Luxembourg law on the involuntary 
dispossession of bearer securities dated 3 September 1996, as amended. 
12. 
AGENTS  
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B 
of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve 
any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent;  
(b) 
there will at all times be a Registrar in a jurisdiction other than the jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated);

--- Page 93 ---
79 
(c) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by 
any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case 
of Bearer Notes) and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(d) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than 
the jurisdictions in which the Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5. Notice of any variation, 
termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders 
promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor and, in certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or 
Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into 
which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it 
transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon 
sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) 
the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) 
a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in 
a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is 
expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in 
London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the 
Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading 
including publication on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority 
if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date 
of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided above 
is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have 
been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by 
first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be 
deemed to have been given on the second day after mailing and, in addition, for so long 
as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by

--- Page 94 ---
80 
another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places 
required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or 
such websites or such mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading 
by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority 
so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange 
or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to 
the holders of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with 
the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice 
may be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, in such manner 
as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider 
any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution 
of a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee and shall 
be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than ten 
per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing a clear majority in nominal amount of the Notes for the 
time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification 
of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying 
the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or 
cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes 
or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than three quarters in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than a clear majority in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a 
resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed

--- Page 95 ---
81 
by a majority consisting of not less than three quarters of the votes cast on such 
resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
three quarter in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent 
given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three quarters 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are 
present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any 
of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent 
as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default shall not be treated 
as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such 
consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or to correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven.   
In addition, the Trustee shall (at the expense and direction of the Issuer) be obliged to 
use its reasonable endeavours to concur with the Issuer to give effect to any Benchmark 
Amendments on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(D) 
without the consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee otherwise agrees, any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
subsitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as 
a class (and shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular 
to individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but 
without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their 
being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to 
the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the 
Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder or Couponholder be 
entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in 
Condition 8 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, 
Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as 
the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another 
company, being a Subsidiary of the Guarantor, subject to (i) the Notes being

--- Page 96 ---
82 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor, (ii) the Trustee being 
satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the 
substitution and (iii) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
Any such substitution shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and 
any such substitution shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
16. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER AND/OR THE GUARANTOR 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief 
from responsibility and liability including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings or 
any other steps or actions unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction, and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to any claims of Noteholders. 
The Trust Deed provides that, when determining whether an indemnity or any security or 
pre-funding is satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any 
given circumstance by considering the worst-case scenario and (ii) to require that any 
indemnity or security given to it by the Noteholders or any of them be given on a joint and 
several basis and be supported by evidence satisfactory to it as to the financial standing 
and creditworthiness of each counterparty and/or as to the value of the security and an 
opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of each counterparty and/or the validity 
and effectiveness of the security. In addition, the Trustee is entitled to enter into business 
transactions with the Issuer, the Guarantor and any entity related to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor without accounting for any profit. 
The Trustee’s responsibilities are solely those of trustee for the Noteholders on the terms 
of the Trust Deed. Accordingly, the Trustee makes no representations and assumes no 
responsibility for the validity or enforceability of the Notes or for the performance by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor of their respective obligations under or in respect of the Notes 
and the Trust Deed. The Trustee is entitled to assume that each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor is performing all of its obligations pursuant to the Notes and the Trust Deed 
(and shall have no liability for doing so) until it has actual knowledge or express notice in 
writing to the contrary. 
The Trustee may act on the advice or opinion of or any information (whether addressed 
to the Trustee or not) obtained from any lawyer, valuer, accountant, surveyor, banker, 
broker, auctioneer or other expert notwithstanding any financial or other limitation of 
liability whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or otherwise and shall 
not be responsible for any Liability occasioned by so acting.. The Trust Deed provides 
that the Noteholders shall together have the power, exercisable by Extraordinary 
Resolution, to remove the Trustee (or any successor trustee or additional trustees) 
provided that the removal of the Trustee or any other trustee shall not become effective 
unless there remains a trustee in office after such removal. 
17. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor on a joint and several basis shall indemnify the 
Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and keep them indemnified against:

--- Page 97 ---
83 
(a) 
any liability incurred by any of them arising from the non-payment by the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor of any amount due to the Trustee or the 
Noteholders or Couponholders under these Conditions by reason of any variation 
in the rates of exchange between those used for the purposes of calculating the 
amount due under a judgment or order in respect thereof and those prevailing at 
the date of actual payment by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor; 
and 
(b) 
any deficiency arising or resulting from any variation in rates of exchange 
between (i) the date as of which the local currency equivalent of the amounts due 
or contingently due under these Conditions (other than this Condition 17) is 
calculated for the purposes of any bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, and (ii) the final date for ascertaining 
the amount of claims in such bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation. The amount 
of such deficiency shall be deemed not to be reduced by any variation in rates of 
exchange occurring between the said final date and the date of any distribution 
of assets in connection with any such bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation. 
The above indemnities shall constitute an obligation of each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor separate and independent from their obligations under the other provisions of 
these Conditions and shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by the Trustee or 
the Noteholders or the Couponholders from time to time and shall continue in full force 
and effect notwithstanding the judgment or filing of any proof or proofs in any bankruptcy, 
insolvency or liquidation of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor for a 
liquidated sum or sums in respect of amounts due under these Conditions (other than this 
Condition 17). Any such deficiency as aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss 
suffered by the Noteholders and Couponholders and no proof or evidence of any actual 
loss shall be required by the Issuer, the Guarantor, or its or their liquidator or liquidators. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the 
same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy 
of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance

--- Page 98 ---
84 
with, English law. For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of articles 470-1 to 470-19 
of the Companies Act 1915 do not apply in respect of the Notes.  
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction 
to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes 
and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, 
interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) 
and accordingly each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Trustee and any 
Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, the Issuer and the Guarantor waives any 
objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings 
in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number 
of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer and Guarantor irrevocably appoints SELP Management Limited at its 
registered office at 1 New Burlington Place, London, England, W1S 2HR (Attention: 
General Counsel) as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the 
English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of SELP 
Management Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuer and Guarantor agrees that failure by a 
process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall 
affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
20.4 
Other documents and the Guarantor 
The Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor have in the Trust Deed and Agency 
Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for 
service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 99 ---
85 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[EU MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”)][EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product

--- Page 100 ---
86 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”): To insert notice 
of classification of the Notes if not “prescribed capital markets products", pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA or Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products)]] 
 [Date] 
SELP FINANCE S.À R.L. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [549300Y4VYEJE1MH6D45] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Guaranteed by SEGRO European Logistics Partnership S.à r.l. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300K1OQETNU1ONV15 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set 
forth in the Prospectus dated 7 July 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”) (the Prospectus). This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
The Prospectus has been published on the website of the Issuer (www.selp.lu) and the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). 
1. 
(a) 
Issuer: 
(b) 
Guarantor: 
SELP Finance S.à r.l.  
SEGRO 
European 
Logistics 
Partnership  
S.à r.l. 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will 
be consolidated and form a 
single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [         ] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 23 below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [         ]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:

--- Page 101 ---
87 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [         ]] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[[         ] and integral multiples of [         ] in 
excess thereof up to and including [         ]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [         ]]. 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(in 
relation 
to 
calculation 
of 
interest in global form see 
Conditions): 
[         ] 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ]  
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[         ]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[[         ]/Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [         ]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[         ] month EURIBOR +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph 14/15/16 below) 
10. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [         ] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[         ][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put Event]  
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[(see paragraph 18/19/20 below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes and Guarantee obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable on each 
Interest Payment Date in arrear]

--- Page 102 ---
88 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for 
Notes in definitive form (and in 
relation to Notes in global form 
see Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation 
to Notes in global form see 
Conditions): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on 
the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[         ]][Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(b) below/, not subject to adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent)  
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
 [         ] month EURIBOR 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
 
 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[         ]

--- Page 103 ---
89 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation]  
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption 
Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Spens 
Amount][Make-whole Amount] 
(c) 
Reference Bond: 
[[         ] /FA Selected Bond/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Quotation Time: 
[         ] 
(e) 
Redemption Margin: 
[[         ] per cent./Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ]

--- Page 104 ---
90 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
[         ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
20. 
Change of Control Put Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer Notes: [Temporary Bearer Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
(c) 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[         ]]

--- Page 105 ---
91 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[         ] has been extracted from [         ]. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor confirm that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by [         ], no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of SELP Finance S.à r.l.: 
Signed on behalf of SEGRO European 
Logistics Partnership S.à r.l.: 
By:  
 
By:  
 
Title: 
Title:

--- Page 106 ---
92 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) to Euronext Dublin to admit the 
Notes to listing on the Official List and to 
have the Notes admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market with effect from [      ].] 
 
  
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
 
[         ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
             Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally: 
[        ]] 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [        ]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business.]  
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER and ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Prospectus] / 
[An amount equal to the net proceeds of the 
Notes will be used to finance and/or 
refinance environmental and/or green new 
and existing business and projects whose 
activities meet the eligibility criteria detailed 
in the Green Finance Framework (such 
businesses and projects being the “Eligible 
Green Projects”).] / [Give details (including 
where proceeds will be used to repay 
financial indebtedness of the relevant 
Issuer/Group, including if some/all of the

--- Page 107 ---
93 
Managers are creditors under the existing 
indebtedness being repaid)].  
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
(iii) 
Green Bond: 
(A) 
Second Party 
Opinion 
Provider(s):  
 
(B) 
Date of 
Second Party 
Opinion(s):  
 
[         ] 
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
 
[Name of relevant rating agencies and name 
of third party assurance agent, if any, and 
details of compliance opinion(s) and 
availability] 
 
 
[         ] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
             Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ]  
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[        ], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (“ANNA”) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[        ], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (“ANNA”) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned 
the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[         ]]

--- Page 108 ---
94 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[         ]  
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:  
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper[, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of these Final Terms, should 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes 
are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper]. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[         ]] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[         ]] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[         ]] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2]; TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 109 ---
95 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]   
(viii) 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 110 ---
96 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, 
or registered form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer Notes will be issued outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) and 
Registered Notes will be issued outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from 
registration provided by Regulation S. 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a 
temporary global note (a “Temporary Bearer Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, a permanent global note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note” and, together with a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”) which, in either case, will: 
 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) 
form, as stated in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common 
Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking 
S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be 
delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable 
Final Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are 
to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends 
upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will 
either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, 
interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange 
Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
if the Temporary Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent 
that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in 
the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note is issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge) upon a request as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in 
each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such

--- Page 111 ---
97 
certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain 
U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due 
on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is 
improperly withheld or refused. 
The option for an issue of Bearer Notes to be represented on issue by a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note exchangeable for definitive Bearer Notes should not be expressed to be applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms if the Bearer Notes are issued with a minimum Specified Denomination 
such as €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) plus one or more higher integral multiples 
of another smaller amount such as €1,000 (or its equivalent in another currency). 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or 
surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable 
(free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, 
“Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is 
available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would 
not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive 
form and a certificate to such effect signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer is given to 
the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in 
(iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  
Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) 
and interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital 
gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal 
in respect of Bearer Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be.

--- Page 112 ---
98 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered 
form (a “Registered Global Note”).  
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global 
Notes are to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the “NSS”), a common safekeeper, 
as the case may be for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of 
the nominee for the Common Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the 
name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the 
case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive 
Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Note issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under 
the NSS, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Note is 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the 
Registered Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the 
relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common 
safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as 
defined in Condition 6.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will have any responsibility 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of 
beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive 
form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the 
Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4) immediately preceding the due 
date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in 
part, for definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an 
intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no 
successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will 
become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to that effect signed 
by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give 
notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange 
and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer

--- Page 113 ---
99 
may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, 
except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
in each case to the extent applicable.  
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date 
of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and 
ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder may proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantor unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within a period of 
120 days and such failure or inability is continuing.

--- Page 114 ---
100 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
Instruments generally 
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for general corporate 
purposes of the Group or such other purposes as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Green Finance Framework 
The Final Terms may state that the Issuer expects to use an amount equal to the net proceeds of 
the issuance of that Tranche of Notes to finance and/or refinance environmental and/or green 
new and existing business and projects whose activities meet the eligibility criteria detailed in the 
Green Finance Framework (such businesses and projects being the “Eligible Green Projects”) 
and Notes related thereto being “Green Bonds”) (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
The Group has established its Green Finance Framework, which may be amended from time to 
time at the sole discretion of the Group. Under the Green Finance Framework, the Issuer may 
issue green bonds to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Projects. The Group may, in the 
future, update the Green Finance Framework in line with developments in the market 
The Issuer believes that the Green Finance Framework is aligned with the International Capital 
Market Association's Green Bond Guidelines, 2018. This conclusion is confirmed by the second 
party opinion dated 13 May 2021 obtained by the Issuer from the Second Party Opinion Provider 
(the “Second Party Opinion”), an external environmental, social and corporate governance 
research and analysis provider, which confirms the alignment of the Green Finance Framework 
with ICMA's Green Bond Principles.  
See the Green Finance Framework, the Second Party Opinion and any public reporting by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds (each of which are available on the 
Issuer's website at https://www.selp.lu/sustainability and, for the avoidance of doubt, are not 
incorporated by reference into this Prospectus) for further information. 
Second Party Opinion Provider 
The Second Party Opinion Provider evaluated the Green Finance Framework established by the 
Group and the alignment of this Prospectus with relevant market standards and provided views 
on the robustness and credibility of the Green Finance Framework which views are intended to 
inform investors in the Notes issued under the Programme in general, and not for a specific 
investor.

--- Page 115 ---
101 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER, THE GUARANTOR AND OF THE GROUP 
BACKGROUND 
The Issuer was incorporated on 8 May 2013 as a Luxembourg private limited liability company 
(société à responsabilité limitée) for an unlimited period of time under the laws of Luxembourg, in 
particular the Luxembourg law on commercial companies dated 10 August 1915, as amended 
(the “Companies Act 1915”).  
The registered office of the Issuer is at 35-37, avenue de la Liberté, L-1931 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg. The Issuer is registered with the RCS Luxembourg under number 
B177308. The Issuer can be contacted by telephone at +352 288 410 20. 
The Issuer, together with any subsidiary undertakings, associated undertakings and investments, 
are collectively referred to as the Issuer Group.  
The Issuer is an indirect subsidiary of the Guarantor, which was incorporated on 8 May 2013 as 
a Luxembourg private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) for an unlimited 
period of time under the Companies Act 1915.  
The registered office of the Guarantor is at 35-37, avenue de la Liberté, L-1931 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The Guarantor is registered with the RCS Luxembourg under 
number B177300. The Guarantor can be contacted by telephone at +44 (0)20 7451 9100. 
The Guarantor, together with its subsidiary undertakings (including the Issuer), associated 
undertakings and investments, are collectively referred to as the Group. The Guarantor is, directly 
or indirectly, the holding company of all the companies in the Group.  
The Group was formed in October 2013 following the completion of the establishment of a 
logistics property joint venture between SEGRO and PSP (the “Venture”, known as SEGRO 
European Logistics Partnership or "SELP"). The Venture was seeded with substantially all of the 
SEGRO Group’s completed core logistics assets in Western Europe (France, Germany, the 
Netherlands and Belgium) and Central Europe (Poland and the Czech Republic) totalling 
approximately 1.6 million square metres (“sq m”), together with approximately 84 hectares of 
adjacent development plots in Poland, Germany and Belgium. 
The principal activity of the Issuer is to invest in, hold and develop a portfolio of logistics assets 
in continental Europe.  
The shares in the Issuer are owned 75 per cent. by SELP Investments S.à r.l., a Luxembourg 
private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée), with registered office at 35-37, 
avenue de la Liberté, L-1931 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the 
RCS Luxembourg under number B177309 (“SELP Investments”). The shares in SELP 
Investments are, in turn, owned 75 per cent. by the Guarantor. The remaining 25 per cent. of the 
shares in each of the Issuer and SELP Investments are indirectly owned 50 per cent. by SEGRO 
and 50 per cent. by PSP. The shares in the Guarantor are indirectly owned 50 per cent. by SEGRO 
and 50 per cent. by PSP. 
SEGRO, which was founded in the 1920s and listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1949, is a 
UK Real Estate Investment Trust and a leading owner, manager and developer of modern

--- Page 116 ---
102 
warehouses and light industrial property. At present, SEGRO is the UK’s largest listed Real Estate 
Investment Trust and a member of the FTSE 100 with a market capitalisation of £11.8 billion (as 
at 13 June 2022). As at 31 December 2021, SEGRO owned or managed 9.6 million sq m of space 
valued at £21.3 billion (£18.4 billion based on SEGRO’s wholly-owned assets and its share of 
assets held in joint ventures) serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors. Its 
properties are located in and around major cities and at key transportation hubs in the UK and in 
seven other European countries. At 31 December 2021, 16 per cent. of SEGRO’s portfolio was 
held within joint ventures. 
SEGRO’s portfolio is conservatively financed, reflected in a loan-to-value ratio of 22 per cent. at 
31 December 2021. SEGRO has a Long-Term Issuer Default Rating of A- (Stable Outlook), 
affirmed on 25 May 2022 by Fitch Ratings Limited.  
PSP is one of Canada’s largest pension investment managers, with C$204.5 billion of assets 
under management as at 31 March 2021. 
See further “Ownership structure” below. 
SHAREHOLDERS’ AGREEMENT 
The shares owned by SEGRO and PSP in the Issuer, SELP Investments and the Guarantor are 
subject to the terms of a shareholders’ agreement in place between SEGRO and PSP (the 
“Shareholders’ Agreement”). The Shareholders’ Agreement provides for each shareholder to 
have the right to appoint two managers to the board of the Guarantor and requires that, amongst 
other things, neither the corporate structure of the Group nor shareholder financing arrangements 
can be amended without the unanimous consent of the Guarantor’s board of managers. 
Agreement of not less than three quarters of the Guarantor’s managers is required to make any 
material amendments to the Group’s business activities (such as its strategy with respect to 
investments, financing and acquisitions and disposals) or to the Group’s third party financing 
arrangements. 
The Shareholders’ Agreement includes dispute resolution provisions which apply if SEGRO and 
PSP are unable to agree on a material matter. In such circumstances, the matter under dispute 
would be considered by the Chief Executive Officer of SEGRO and the First Vice President of 
Real Estate Investments of PSP. If the relevant matter remains unresolved following the 
escalation of the dispute, the Shareholders’ Agreement provides a mechanism for the purchase 
of shares by one shareholder from the other.  
Under the terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement, SEGRO has committed to retain a 25 per cent. 
shareholding in the Venture (through its subsidiaries). The Shareholders’ Agreement 
contemplates that the Venture may be owned by up to two further investors, subject to each 
investor retaining a minimum 20 per cent. shareholding in the Venture. The Shareholders’ 
Agreement also contains provisions relating to the disposal of each shareholder’s interest in the 
Group in certain circumstances and further provides for periodical liquidity events, starting on the 
tenth anniversary of the establishment of the Group (being 11 October 2023) and falling every 
three years thereafter, upon which the Group may be required to take certain steps (which include 
the raising of debt finance, sale of assets, liquidation of Group companies or the flotation of the 
Group) to realise the value of a shareholder’s investment in the Group. As at the date of this 
Prospectus, the Group is not aware of any intention to activate those arrangements, or any other

--- Page 117 ---
103 
similar arrangements between the shareholders, the operation of which would result in a change 
of control of the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
Each of the property investments owned by the Group is held through a special purpose property-
owning company (a “PropCo”). Each PropCo may hold one or more property investments. 
Through its subsidiary undertakings, the Issuer indirectly owns 100 per cent. of the interests in 
the PropCos, other than a portfolio of properties located in Germany which, as at the date of this 
Prospectus, comprises interests in five assets which are owned 94.44 per cent. by the Issuer 
Group, and interests in a further three assets which are owned 90 per cent. by the Issuer Group, 
in each case indirectly through SELP European Holdings S.à r.l. (the “European Holdings 
Portfolio”). The remaining interests in the European Holdings Portfolio are indirectly owned 50 
per cent. by SEGRO and 50 per cent. by PSP through a separate joint venture arrangement. See 
further “Overview of the Portfolio – Portfolio Composition” below. 
The Group has appointed SELP Management Limited in the role of Venture Adviser and certain 
entities within the SEGRO Group in the role of Property Manager and Development Manager to 
provide asset, property, development, financial and administrative services and advice to the 
Group. See further “Advisory and Management Services Provided to the Group” below. 
The Issuer Group is subject to certain investment restrictions as set out in the Shareholders’ 
Agreement. Pursuant to these restrictions, the Issuer Group shall not: 
 
make an investment in a single logistics estate representing more than 15 per cent. of the 
total value of the assets of the Issuer Group; 
 
make an investment in a single customer representing more than ten per cent. of total 
passing rents; 
 
make an investment in a single country representing more than 50 per cent. of the total 
value of the assets of the Issuer Group; 
 
invest in or develop logistics assets located in countries other than the countries identified 
by the Venture as target geographies, unless: (a) any such investment does not represent 
more than ten per cent. of the total value of the assets of the Issuer Group; and (b) the 
assets form part of a logistics portfolio relating to acquisitions in the Issuer Group’s target 
geographies; 
 
invest more than ten per cent. of the total value of the assets of the Issuer Group 
(excluding the total value of the assets of the Issuer Group of the development land) in 
vacant properties; or 
 
have at any time more than ten per cent. of the total value of the assets of the Issuer 
Group in development land and projects under construction, 
in each case, calculated as at the date on which the investment is made. 
OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE 
The following diagram illustrates the structure of the Group as at the date of this Prospectus:

--- Page 118 ---
104 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE GROUP 
The Group is a leading continental European big box warehouse (also known as “logistics 
properties”) owner and developer, which invests in logistics properties in the Czech Republic, 
France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland and Spain. Big box warehouses are designed to 
appeal to a wide range of occupiers for manufacturing, storage and logistics uses, typically have 
floorplans in excess of 10,000 sq m and mainly include national and regional distribution 
warehouses close to motorway networks and other transport hubs. 
The Group was established with an initial gross asset value of €977 million, with the intention of 
creating a high quality, well diversified portfolio of logistics assets in the Group’s initial target 
markets of Germany, France, Poland, Czech Republic, the Netherlands and Belgium. In 2014, 
the Group took the decision to expand its target markets to include Italy and Spain. In 2018 the 
SEGRO European 
Logistics Partnership 
S.à r.l. 
(Guarantor) 
50% 
50% 
12.5% 
12.5% 
SELP Investments 
S.à r.l. 
SELP Finance S.à r.l. 
(Issuer) 
Various PropCos 
 
SEGRO 
PSP  
75% 
75% 
100%* 
12.5% 
12.5% 
* Other than SELP European Holdings, comprising interests in five assets which, as at the date of this 
Prospectus, are owned 94.44 per cent. by the Issuer Group, and interests in a further three assets which 
are owned 90 per cent. by the Issuer Group 
Direct shareholdings 
Indirect shareholdings

--- Page 119 ---
Czech Republic 
€0.2bn
Netherlands, €0,4bn
Spain, €0.5bn
Germany,
€2,0bn
GAV
Poland, €1.3bi
€6.9bn
Italy, €1.3bn
France,
€1.3bn
105 
Group sold its assets in Belgium and since 2018 it has focused on growing its portfolio in its 
remaining seven strategic markets. 
The Portfolio, split by geography, 31 December 2021 
 
 
The characteristics of the Venture are as follows: 
 
The Group owns a modern, diverse portfolio of big box warehouses. 
 
The Group owns assets in key logistics locations and seeks to acquire further assets in 
key locations. 
 
The Group owns a strategic land bank with access to additional land upon which it can 
provide prospective customers with new logistics buildings either on a pre-let or 
speculative basis depending on market conditions. 
 
The Group has good European market coverage and access to leading investment 
markets. 
 
The Group has built critical mass in key locations in order to best address the needs of 
key customers. 
 
The Group has access to local, specialised investment and asset management teams. 
This profile has translated into a track record of strong operational performance.

--- Page 120 ---
Rental income continues to grow1...
...supported by high occupancy 
rates2...
...and high retention and 
relettings1 J
100%
90%
300
100%
80%
90%
250
70%
80%
60%
70%
200
S
60%
50%
ISO
50%
40%
40%
30%
00
30%
20%
20%
SO
10%
10%
0%
0
0%
*
1
I
I
1
I
I
s
-
■ Recenooo ■ Re leWng
1 EUied on conti4<trd hfMlInorent
2 CXojpjncy mt bi\»<i on IRV « J1 D*<*«nb«f 2021. Indudn vhcn l♦f^n kna^
3 &n*<1 on »Kom» m ink d«aatq tha tufl yru
106 
 
HIGH QUALITY EUROPEAN BIG BOX WAREHOUSE PORTFOLIO 
The Portfolio comprises modern big box warehouses which are well specified and located, with 
good sustainability credentials, and which should benefit from a low vacancy rate and relatively 
low-intensity asset management requirements. The assets are concentrated in strong European 
submarkets which display attractive property market characteristics, including good growth 
prospects, limited supply availability and where the Group already has critical mass, or where the 
Group considers that it will be able to achieve it in a reasonable timeframe. 
 
As of 31 December 2021, the Portfolio consisted of 89 estates (comprising 206 buildings) 
of big box warehouse assets in prime locations with a gross leasable area of 5.2 million 
sq m.  
 
The Portfolio was valued at €6.9 billion, reflecting a net true equivalent yield of 4.0 per 
cent.  
 
The Portfolio had a 98.2 per cent. occupancy and a weighted average lease expiry to first 
break of 5.7 years and to lease expiry of 6.3 years (as at 31 December 2021).  
 
Total headline rent on the Portfolio (calculated on an annualised basis by reference to the 
total value of contracted rents excluding incentives) was €277 million as at 31 December 
2021. The total estimated rental value of the portfolio was €285 million as at 31 December 
2021. 
 
The Group’s top 20 customers accounted for 38 per cent. of headline rent and the majority 
of the Group’s customers are of a high credit quality with almost 77 per cent. classified 
as Low Risk or Medium Low Risk of failure, in each case as at 31 December 2021.1 
 
 
                                                     
1 Source: Dun & Bradstreet Ratings

--- Page 121 ---
03 POZNAN
03 WARSAW
Oherford
AMSTERt
T1U
ODlodz 
03 WROCLAW
OOdusseldorf q,^ , 
Omalsfeid
*1
03 KAIOWKTE
O FRANKFURT
O PARIS
o
:h
a IN
Orome
BAR. I i ON A
GD MADRID
O COMPLETED ASSETS 
O BUILDINGS UNDER CONSTRUCTION 
O LAND BANK
107 
 
Portfolio Composition 
Main locations of the Group’s assets 
 
 
The Portfolio is concentrated in the core markets of France, Germany, Italy and Poland, and is 
also growing in its other markets, notably the Netherlands, Czech Republic and Spain. 
Since the Group’s establishment in 2013 there has been a significant evolution in the geographic 
distribution of the Portfolio. The chart below shows the Assets under Management at 31 
December 2021 and splits this into the proportion of this that the Venture had at inception and the 
proportion that can be attributed to growth since then.

--- Page 122 ---
108 
 
The following table provides a summary of the Portfolio by country as at 31 December 2021: 
Country  
Number of 
Core 
Estates 
Gross Leasable 
Area (000 sq m) 
WAULT to 
first break 
(years) (by 
income) 
Headline 
rent (€m) 
Occupancy 
(by income) 
Geographic 
weighting  
(by value) 
Germany 
21 
1,225 
5.4 
70 
99.3% 
28.2% 
France 
18 
870 
4.2 
48 
97.0% 
18.3% 
Poland 
23 
1,357 
4.1 
62 
95.2% 
18.2% 
Czech Republic 
1 
170 
3.6 
9 
97.1% 
3.2% 
Netherlands 
4 
226 
3.9 
17 
100.0% 
6.0% 
Spain 
14 
250 
7.5 
16 
100.0% 
6.8% 
Italy 
8 
1,151 
9.4 
55 
100.0% 
19.3% 
Total 
89 
5,249 
5.7 
277 
98.2% 
100% 
 
Key Estates 
The following table shows the Group’s ten largest assets by value as at 31 December 2021: 
 
 
 
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1.0
1.2
1.4
1.6
1.8
Germany
Poland/
Czech
Italy
France
Spain
Netherlands
Assets under management
Assets under Management 
(as at 31 December 2021)
AUM at inception
AUM Growth
€1,950m
€1,327m
€1,478m
€414m
€471m
€1,266m

--- Page 123 ---
Weighted Average Building Age by ERV(yrs)
Weighted Average Building Age by ERV(yrs)
Weighted Average Building Age by ERV(yrs)
Weighted Average Building Age by ERV(yrs)
109 
No. 
Estate 
Country 
Size (sq m) 
Value €m 
1 
SEGRO Logistics Park Krefeld I&II 
Germany 
235,977 
372 
2 
SEGRO VAILOG Logistics Centre 
Castel San Giovanni 
Italy 
270,353 
281 
3 
SEGRO VAILOG Rome South A and 
B Distribution Centre 
Italy 
223,241 
272 
4 
SEGRO VAILOG Logistics Park 
Landriano 
Italy 
197,428 
238 
5 
SEGRO Logistics Park Leipzig 
Airport  
Germany 
153,904 
235 
6 
SEGRO Logistics Park Stryków 
Poland 
301,550 
233 
7 
SEGRO Logistics Park Prague 
Czech Republic 
169,514 
223 
8 
SEGRO Logistics Centre Oberhausen 
Germany 
105,799 
209 
9 
SEGRO VAILOG Logistics Park 
Bologna 
Italy 
169,139 
207 
10 
SEGRO Logistics Park Tilburg 
Netherlands 
128,473 
185 
  
1,955,379 
2,455 
 
The Group’s ten largest assets are valued at €2.4 billion and represent 35.6 per cent. of the total 
Portfolio value. 
Portfolio Age 
The Portfolio is comprised principally of modern buildings with the average building age (by 
construction / major refurbishment year) is 8.2 years old. The chart below shows the weighted 
average building age for each of the Venture’s markets. 
 
Customers  
The Group had around 277 tenants as at 31 December 2021 representing a range of market 
sectors, as shown in the chart below.

--- Page 124 ---
Other,
Post & Parcel 
Delivery, 3%
7%
k.
k
Transport & 
Logistics, 
33%
Wholesale
Distribution
i
Manufacturing,
17%
Retail,
28%
#1 customer, 6%
#2-5,12%
#6-10,9%
Remainder, 62%
#11-20,12%
110 
Industry Diversification (% of Headline Rent) as at 31 December 2021 
 
 
Top 20 customers by headline rent as of 31 December 2021 
 
 
 Transport & Logistics, 33%Retail,28%Manufacturing, 17%Wholesale DistributionPost & Parcel Delivery, 3%Other, 7%#1 customer, 6%

--- Page 125 ---
111 
The Group’s customer base is well diversified across industry sectors and geographic location. A 
number of these tenants have a long standing relationship with the Group whilst a number occupy 
recently built facilities on a long lease. The Group’s top 20 customers account for 38 per cent of 
total headline rent with the largest customer, Amazon, accounting for 5.8 per cent, with Geodis, 
Leroy Merlin, DSV and Schwartz Gruppe (Lidl/Kaufland) completing the top five. 
The Group’s ten largest customers as at 31 December 2021 are set out below. 
Top 10 Customers 
No. 
Customer 
1. 
 
Amazon 
2. 
 
Geodis 
3. 
 
Leroy Merlin 
4. 
 
DSV 
5. 
 
Schwartz Gruppe (Lidl/Kaufland) 
6. 
 
Richemont Group 
7. 
 
Maisons du Monde 
8. 
 
Zalando Logistics Operations Italy 
9. 
 
Zabka Polska 
10. 
 
ASICS Europe 
 
 
Leases 
At 31 December 2021, the Portfolio generated annualised headline rent of €277 million. This 
represents a 12 per cent. average annual growth rate since 31 December 2014 at which point the 
Portfolio generated €125 million, reflecting the increased scale of the Portfolio from acquisitions 
and development completions. The chart below shows the growth of the Portfolio’s annualised 
headline rent as at each year from 2017 to 2021:

--- Page 126 ---
coco-t^-l^cncncncn-'sl
OCnOCnOCnOCnO
2017
\
NJ
K>
(jO
I-*
Cn
cn
O
O
cn
O
O
o
o
o
o
o
o
I
2018
2017
CO
<T>
CD
7T
2019
2018
lm
t 2020
2019
2021
2020
2021
112 
Annualised headline rent from the Portfolio, € millions 
 
The Portfolio’s weighted average unexpired lease length remains high at 5.7 years to break and 
6.3 years to expiry. The chart below shows the weighted average unexpired lease length term of 
the Portfolio as at each year from 2017 to 2021: 
Weighted average lease length term (WAULT) of the Portfolio, years 
 
 
The following tables show the future lease expiry profile of the Group as at 31 December 2021 
and the retention and re-letting performance of the Group from 2017 to 31 December 2021. 
 
173
191
222
247
277
05010015020025030020172018201920202021
€m
3.03.54.04.55.05.56.06.57.020172018201920202021BreakExpiry

--- Page 127 ---
w.cm
3O.09£
20.0^
1?*
li-h
ii il IIII
11% lilt
10.0^
s*
i*
0% 0%
0 0%
2021
2022
2D23
2D25
202&
202?
2023
2030+
202B
2D2-4
■ By Expiry and Break
■ By Expiry
■ Re-letting
■ Retention
100%
90%
I
I
80%
oo
I
70%
bo
oo
I
I
60%
<~D
Co
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0%
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
113 
Lease expiry profile (% of headline rent as at 31 December 2021) 
 
 
The Group’s lease expiry profile is expected to be kept to a manageable level by maintaining high 
retention and re-letting rates as historically evidenced by the below chart. 
Retention and re-letting history (% of income at risk) 
 
 
 
The Group’s presence in and knowledge of local letting markets is a key factor in securing income 
and maintaining high retention rates and low vacancy rates across the Portfolio. 
Portfolio Occupancy 
The following graph shows occupancy levels at the end of each of the last five years. 76%81%66%82%69%97%93%79%89%95%0%10%20%3

--- Page 128 ---
100%
90%
o
CD
00
00
CD
O)
O1)
CD
CD
80%
70%
60%
50%
40%
30%
20%
10%
0%
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
300
2017
2018
■ Pre-let Spec. ♦ Let
2019
2020
2021
114 
Occupancy Evolution 
 
 
Since inception, the Venture has successfully maintained occupancy levels within a range of 94 
to 99 per cent. of potential total rental value. The acquisition of long-leased investment stock has 
also strengthened the Portfolio alongside successful, active asset management activity. 
DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITY: COMPLETED, CURRENT AND FUTURE 
As at 31 December 2021, 1,380,226 sq m of space has been completed since the Venture was 
established, with new annualised rental income generated of €62 million per annum. Of the total 
development activity, 35 per cent (477,912 sq m) has been speculatively developed of which only 
0.5 per cent (6,200 sq m) was vacant at 31 December 2021. 
The chart below shows the letting status of SELP’s development completions over the past five 
years: 
 
As at 31 December 2021, 296,246 sq m of developments were under construction (including 
forward funding) with a cost to complete of €91 million. Once complete and fully let, the projects 97.5%97.0%94.3%96.6%98.2%0%10

--- Page 129 ---
115 
should generate €14.2 million of annualised rent (of which 53 per cent, or €7.5 million, has been 
secured from pre-lets), reflecting a yield on total development cost of 6.9 per cent. 
At 31 December 2021, SELP owned a strategic land bank totalling 265 hectares valued at €363 
million containing development projects under construction and land for future development. The 
cost to complete all future developments was €685 million (approximately €92 million to complete 
projects under construction and €593 million for future projects). The current projects are 
expected to complete within 12 months and the future developments over the next ten years. 
Once complete and fully let, the land bank (including developments under construction) is capable 
of generating an estimated annualised rent of approximately €53 million. 
The majority of development activity is undertaken on a pre-let basis where a customer has been 
secured prior to the commencement of the building project. A small proportion of development is 
undertaken on a speculative basis, where the Group believes it is beneficial to do so.  
The Group completed 201,000 sq m of new space during 2021 (2020: 214,000 sq m). These 
projects were 56 per cent. pre-let prior to the start of construction and fully let as at 31 December 
2021, generating €11.8 million of headline rent. The capital expenditure (excluding land) invested 
in these projects totalled €52 million. The average yield on total development cost (including land) 
once fully let is expected to be 6.3 per cent. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group had a pipeline of projects underway (“current development 
pipeline”) of 296,000 sq m that will generate €14.2 million of headline rent once complete and 
fully let. These projects were 53 per cent. pre-let as at 31 December 2021. The speculative 
element of the pipeline is contained within four developments.  
The Portfolio holds a land bank of 210 hectares identified for future development as at 31 
December 2021, equating to €159 million, or 2.3 per cent of the Portfolio. During the year ended 
31 December 2021, the Group invested €51 million in acquiring new land associated with 
developments expected to start in the near term. 
ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS 
Portfolio activity during 2021 
During 2021: 
 
The Venture completed the acquisition of €353 million of land and assets, including four 
warehouses in Italy, three land plots in Spain (two in Barcelona and one in Madrid), two 
land plots in Poland (one in Poznan, one in Wroclaw) and a completed warehouse in 
Paris.  
 
The Venture disposed of €67 million of assets, one in Spain and one it Italy. Both sales 
were ahead of valuation. 
Portfolio activity since 31 December 2021  
In the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 May 2022, the major transactions were:

--- Page 130 ---
1
€ millions
2020
2021
2022e
Acquisitions
180
353
300 - 700
Development capex
105
196
1 50 - 200
(7)
(68)
Disposals
(120) (250)
Total
278
481
330- 650
116 
 
The Venture sold an Italian asset for a total consideration of €117 million, ahead of book 
value. 
 
The Venture completed the acquisition of a new logistics warehouse in France near the 
South of Paris for €81 million. This property is divided into units and is capable of 
generating annual rent of €2.8 million, of which €1.7 million was secured on acquisition 
and the remaining €1.1 million is expected to be leased over the course of 2022.  
 
The Venture completed developments totalling 216,600 sq m of space which are capable 
of generating annual rent of €9.8 million, all of which has been secured. 
Position as at 31 May 2022: 
 
The Venture had 159,700 sq m under construction, capable of generating €18 million of 
annual rent, 19 per cent. of which has been secured through pre-lets. These projects are 
expected to require €34 million of capital expenditure to complete them. 
 
The Venture is under offer on €93 million of asset and land acquisitions in France, 
Germany, Italy and Spain Note that the Venture is not committed to acquiring these and 
there is no guarantee that they will complete. 
In June 2022 the Venture acquired from SEGRO, four newly developed big box warehouses 
located in Italy near the cities of Milan, Bologna and Piacenza for €204 million, generating annual 
headline rent of €8.2 million.  
The estimated total capital investment and outflow into the Venture in 2022 are summarised 
below. 
 
SUSTAINABILITY 
As Venture Adviser, Development Manager and a Property Manager, SEGRO has long-held 
commitments to leadership in health and safety, stakeholder engagement, corporate governance 
and being a good corporate citizen. In February 2021 SEGRO announced a new Responsible 
SEGRO Framework, which has since been adopted by SELP, incorporating three new long-term 
priorities to help the Group and the joint ventures that it manages can make the greatest business, 
environment and social contribution. The three priorities are: 
 
championing low-carbon growth;

--- Page 131 ---
117 
 
investing in the Group’s local communities and environments; and 
 
nurturing talent. 
The headline target for Championing Low Carbon Growth is to be net-zero carbon by 2030 and 
this includes reducing carbon emissions from development activity and the operation of buildings 
(and eliminating them where possible), and the research and implementation of innovative 
approaches to absorb or offset residual carbon. As part of this SELP will report against a number 
of sustainability metrics, including operational carbon, embodied carbon, energy efficiency, on-
site renewable energy generation and off-site renewable energy procurement.  
The Portfolio achieved a Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark score of 76 per cent on 
standing investments (77 per cent in 2020) with a three-star rating.  
With respect to the remaining focus areas, the Group has committed to creating and implementing 
Community Investment Plans for each its key markets by 2025 and this will include working with 
customers and suppliers to support local businesses and economies, helping to improve the skills 
of local people to enhance their career and employment opportunities by investing in local training 
programmes and enhancing the spaces around its buildings, working with local partners to ensure 
the needs of local communities are met. 
Finally the Group has committed to increasing the overall diversity of its workforce throughout the 
organisation and will do this by providing a healthy and supportive working environment, 
developing fulfilling and rewarding careers and fostering an inclusive culture. 
ADVISORY AND MANAGEMENT SERVICES PROVIDED TO THE GROUP 
In October 2013 the Issuer appointed SELP Management Limited to act as Venture Adviser. The 
Venture Adviser provides the Issuer and the Guarantor with certain investment advice in relation 
to the investment and realisation of the Venture assets, and provides services which include 
preparation of a proposed annual business plan, advising on leasing strategies, making 
recommendations on the funding strategy of the Venture and advising on the investment strategy 
of the Venture. As remuneration for the provision of advisory services, the Venture Adviser is paid 
an annual advisory fee as well as a total return performance fee, the amount of which is subject 
to the performance of the Venture. The Venture Adviser is an appointed representative of 
Mirabella Financial Services LLP and is therefore an exempt person under the FSMA. 
SELP Management Limited has also been appointed by the Issuer to provide certain 
administration services to the Venture, including, amongst other things, accounting, legal, 
treasury, compliance and general administration services (the “Administrator”). As remuneration 
for the provision of administration services, the Administrator is paid an annual administration fee.  
The Venture has appointed SEGRO (acting through various local subsidiaries) to provide property 
management services to the Venture. The services provided by the Property Managers include, 
amongst other things, rent collection and adjustment, credit control, service charge budget and 
expenditure management (including consultancy services), insurance management and repair 
and maintenance. As remuneration for the provision of property management services, the 
Property Managers are paid an annual management fee, a quarterly management fee and a fee 
for any additional services provided as agreed between the parties.

--- Page 132 ---
118 
The Venture has appointed SEGRO (acting through various local subsidiaries) to provide 
development management services to the Venture. The services provided by the Development 
Managers in relation to each project undertaking by the Venture include, amongst other things, 
scheme appraisal, obtaining required consents, implementing approved schemes, construction, 
post construction services and enforcement and claims. As remuneration for the provision of 
development management services, the Development Managers are paid a proportion of the 
costs of each project and a fee for any additional services provided as agreed between the parties. 
SUPPORTIVE MARKET DRIVERS 
The Group believes demand for European industrial assets is undergoing powerful, long-term 
structural change. This is being driven by a combination of factors, such as the digitalisation of 
society (including the rise of e-commerce and increased use of data), a focus by businesses on 
supply chain efficiency and resilience, urbanisation, and a growing requirement for efficient and 
sustainable buildings. 
The Portfolio has been benefiting from many of these structural drivers over the past few years, 
but their impact has been accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic and this has resulted in 
increased investor and occupier demand for industrial assets.  
This represents a significant current and future opportunity for the Group and the Group considers 
itself well placed to respond with its portfolio of prime assets in key logistics markets, as well as 
its established operating platform and extensive land bank across Continental Europe. 
Structural trends: 
Supply chain efficiency and resilience  
Manufacturers, retailers (both traditional and online) and distributors require efficient, reliable 
distribution networks and supply chains in order to compete effectively to meet the ever-increasing 
demands of their customers and to reduce costs. To achieve this, they need to invest in modern 
warehouse facilities, well-located to serve their customers, but also close to labour pools to staff 
their facilities. They frequently need larger buildings in central locations, where there is space and 
power to support automation. 
Urbanisation 
The populations of most major European cities are forecast to grow over the next decade, leading 
to ambitious new housing targets being adopted. A growing population leads to increased demand 
for goods and services and for warehouse space from which to supply them. Land previously 
used for industrial purposes in and around major towns and cities can also be used for the 
construction of houses and other types of properties. As a result, land available to meet the need 
for increased warehouse demand is being eroded and this tends to lead to higher land prices and 
increased rents for well-located urban industrial properties. The pandemic has meant that cities 
such as Paris are currently functioning very differently but, in the longer term, the Group believes 
that they will continue to act as centres of commerce, innovation and culture and therefore attract 
people to live, work and play in them. 
Digitisation of society

--- Page 133 ---
119 
E-commerce has been on the rise across Europe for a number of years and this has been 
accelerated by the pandemic, with the majority of the Group’s markets now reporting online 
penetration levels above 10 per cent. Supporting an online, or omni-channel, retail model requires 
more and different warehousing than is needed to service a traditional retail store network. The 
Group believes these trends will remain in place long after the pandemic has receded and are 
likely to have been accelerated as a result of it. 
Need for efficient, sustainable buildings 
With global society becoming more environmentally aware, there is an increasing focus on the 
impact of buildings on the environment. The Group’s customers also want to minimise their own 
carbon footprints and reduce their overall occupancy costs. It is important that landlords and 
developers own and create buildings that are sustainable in the long-term and that use natural 
resources efficiently. 
Cyclical drivers: 
Competitive supply 
The relatively short construction time for warehousing means that the availability of new 
speculatively developed buildings can sometimes exceed demand, leading to increased vacancy 
and weaker rents. Occupier demand has been very strong across Europe during 2021 and 
vacancy is now at record lows across most of the Group’s major markets. Supply has increased 
in response to this, but tight planning laws and limited availability of land are keeping supply in 
check and take up is expected to remain strong throughout 2022. 
Economic outlook 
Economic growth is an important driver of occupier demand for space. A supportive economic 
environment encourages businesses to grow and therefore to secure extra space. In a recession, 
customer insolvencies and industrial vacancy rates tend to increase. Global economic growth was 
strong in 2021 but still remains below pre-pandemic levels. The outlook for 2022 is positive (the 
IMF forecasts 4.4 per cent. economic growth for 2022), but supply chain disruptions and rising 
energy prices have resulted in elevated levels of inflation. Current market forecasts expect that it 
will fall back towards central bank targets in the second half of the year. 
Interest rate environment 
Monetary policy across Europe – and globally – means that the Group continues to operate in a 
low interest rate environment. However, recent high levels of inflation may result in interest rate 
rises as central banks seek to control it. Prime industrial real estate yields in Europe currently 
range between 3 to 4.5 per cent., meaning they are still attractive relative to their respective risk-
free benchmarks. If interest rates were to rise significantly, this could make industrial assets less 
attractive and might limit the potential for further yield reductions, or may even result in yields 
rising.

--- Page 134 ---
120 
MARKET OUTLOOK 
The Group entered 2022 with considerable confidence in the outlook for its business and its ability 
to deliver continued growth. The effects of the pandemic are ongoing, and the Group remains 
mindful of macroeconomic and geopolitical risks, but the world is adapting quickly and learning 
how to function alongside COVID-19, with the lasting impacts on the way that people live and 
work strengthening occupier demand. It has highlighted the importance of global supply chains 
facilitated by high-quality logistics space and the Group has positioned its business to take 
advantage of these structural tailwinds.  
Against a backdrop of strong demand from an increasingly diverse range of businesses, 
combined with historically low vacancy rates across Europe, the Group expects rental growth to 
continue across its markets. The Group believes that the growth rate will be highest where 
developable land is in short supply. 
The Group’s record levels of capital investment over the past two years have resulted in a 
significant number of projects currently under construction, with a high level of pre-leasing, and a 
large pipeline of future projects. This allows the Group to both provide much-needed modern, 
sustainable space for its customers and to generate additional rental income. The Group 
continues to prioritise further opportunities to grow its development pipeline, positioning itself to 
benefit from the long-term structural trends within the occupier market.  
Inflationary pressures remain, but the Group expects to be able to offset these in its Portfolio by 
benefiting from indexation provisions in its remaining leases. Rental growth has also allowed the 
Group to maintain the profitability of its development programme despite the additional cost 
pressures arising from increased construction and material costs. 
The unique supply-demand dynamics of the industrial sector have attracted increasing 
competition from both investors and developers, but the Group is confident in its ability to source 
profitable new opportunities to grow. As evidenced during 2021, the combination of its significant 
portfolio of modern assets in the most desirable locations across Europe, together with its well-
established operating platform provides the Group with a clear competitive advantage. This, 
alongside the meaningful and lasting changes the Group is making through adopting the 
Responsible SEGRO framework will help it to ensure that its business continues to prosper, 
creating shared value for its customers, employees, shareholders, local communities, investors 
and all of its other stakeholders.

--- Page 135 ---
121 
EXCLUSIVITY ARRANGEMENTS 
Pursuant to an agreement between SEGRO and the Venture, SEGRO uses the Venture as its 
exclusive investment vehicle in real estate assets in the logistics sector in continental Europe and 
will not, subject to certain exceptions, compete with the Venture in any investment opportunities, 
nor will it provide advisory or management services in connection with logistics properties in 
countries in which the Venture operates which would be in competition with the Venture. 
Furthermore SEGRO has granted a right of first refusal in favour of the Venture on the sale of any 
real estate logistics assets in continental Europe held by the SEGRO Group.  
STRONG FINANCIAL POSITION 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer Group had external borrowings of €2.1 billion, reflecting a 
loan-to-value ratio of 29 per cent. The Issuer Group had access to a revolving credit facility 
totalling €500 million, of which €50 million was drawn. Cash and available facilities totalled €501.2 
million. The weighted average debt maturity was 4.8 years and 97.1 per cent. of the debt was at 
fixed rates (31 December 2020: 4.4 years and 85 per cent. respectively). For the year ended 31 
December 2021, the ICR of the Issuer Group was six times. Following the issuance of the Notes, 
the Issuer expects each of the targets described above to be complied with. 
During 2021, the Issuer consolidated the two existing unsecured revolving credit facilities into a 
single €500 million unsecured revolving credit facility and simultaneously extended the maturity 
date to 12 May 2025 (the “RCF”). As at 30 June 2022, €290 million of the available commitments 
under the RCF have been drawn. 
In May 2021 the Issuer issued €500 million, 8 year unsecured green bond with a fixed coupon 
rate of 0.875 per cent. 
The Group intends to target what it considers to be a conservative leverage policy, with a view to 
the Issuer Group’s LTV Ratio being maintained at a level equivalent to approximately 40 per cent. 
The Issuer also intends to target what it considers to be a conservative interest cover policy, with 
a view to the Issuer Group’s ICR being maintained at a level of approximately seven times. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Shareholders’ Agreement, between 70 and 100 per cent. of the 
Group’s outstanding borrowings are required to be subject to fixed rates of interest, or 
appropriately hedged through the use of derivative instruments.  
The below chart shows the Group’s LTV Ratio and average cost of debt as at each year from 
2017 to 2021:

--- Page 136 ---
80%
2.0%
1.8%
60%
>
£
1.6%
£1)
ora
(D
2
1.4%
1.4%
1.4%
1.4%
40%
>
n
1.3%
£
1.4%
§-
20%
a;
1.2%
00
oo
ID
00
00
00
0%
1.0%
O-j
2
2
2
3
2
2
2
2
2
Ave cost of debt
LTV ratio
LTV Covenant
3%
10.0
9x
8.0
2% a
2%
.E
I
6.0
2% m
o
6x
o
O
6x
1o
CL)
V
1%
4.0
.E
ro
s
§
1% ^
2.0
0%
0%
0%
0.0
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Consolidated Priority Borrowings
Interest Cover
122 
Loan to Value Ratio 
 
The below chart shows the Group’s ICR as at each year from 2017 to 2021: 
Interest cover ratio and priority borrowings as % of total assets  
 
SHARE CAPITAL 
The Issuer 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer’s share capital is €19,496 and is divided into 19,496 shares 
fully paid up with a nominal value of €1.00 each. All shares are in registered form. 
The Guarantor 
As at 31 December 2021, the Guarantor’s share capital is €17,400 and is divided into 17,400 
shares fully paid-up with a nominal value of €1.00 each. All shares are in registered form. 36%34%35%33%29%1.4%1.4%1.4%1.4%

--- Page 137 ---
123 
Board and Management of the Issuer and of the Guarantor 
The Issuer has a board of managers, currently comprising of four managers. The Guarantor has 
a board of managers, currently comprising of the same four managers. 
The managers of the Issuer and the Guarantor respectively, their respective business addresses 
and their respective backgrounds are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Background 
Desmond Mitchell2 
4 allée des Charmes, 
Luxembourg L-1372 
Desmond has been a manager of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor since 2013. Previous roles include 
Operations Director for Advent International and 
CFO for Coller Capital. Desmond has extensive 
experience in project management and strategic 
and financial planning. 
Neil Ross 
10 rue de Beaumont, 
Luxembourg L-1219 
Neil has worked privately for a number of investors 
as an independent director since 2009. Prior to this 
he was a director of Sanne Group, and had 
previously been a director of Hermes and the Abu 
Dhabi Investment Authority. 
Oliver Vines 
10 Bressenden Place, 
London SW1E 5DH 
Oliver joined PSP in June 2018. Previously, he 
worked in real estate at Macquarie Capital and has 
held positions at CBRE GI and Merrill Lynch. 
Ann Octavia Peters 
One 
New 
Burlington 
Place, London W1S 2HR 
Octavia is Operations Finance Director at SEGRO, 
having previously been Head of Tax and Treasury. 
She joined SEGRO in 2006 and is a Chartered 
Accountant 
as 
well 
as 
an ACT-accredited 
Treasurer. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                     
2  Desmond Mitchell is expected to retire from all appointments with the Group (including the Issuer) on 31 August 2022. 
The Group is currently working to appoint a successor to the Board of Managers of the Issuer.

--- Page 138 ---
124 
Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer 
There are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed to the Issuer by 
the persons listed under “Board and Management of the Issuer and of the Guarantor” and the 
private interests or external duties of those individuals. 
The Guarantor 
There are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between the duties owed to the Guarantor 
by the persons listed under “Board and Management of the Issuer and of the Guarantor” and the 
private interests or external duties of those individuals. 
Auditors to the Issuer and Guarantor 
The Issuer 
The Issuer’s consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021 and as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, as respectively included in 
the Issuer’s 2021 Annual Report and the Issuer’s 2020 Annual Report, which are incorporated by 
reference into this Prospectus, have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société 
coopérative, auditors to the Issuer (Réviseur d’entreprises agréé), as stated in their reports 
therein. PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, has its registered office at 2, rue Gerhard 
Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and is registered with the RCS 
Luxembourg under number B65477. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, is a member of the Luxembourg Institut des 
Réviseurs d’Entreprises. 
The Guarantor 
The Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 and as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, as respectively 
included in the Guarantor’s 2021 Annual Report and the Guarantor’s 2020 Annual Report, which 
are 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
into 
this 
Prospectus, 
have 
been 
audited 
by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, auditors to the Guarantor (Réviseur d’entreprises 
agréé), as stated in their reports therein. PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, has its 
registered office at 2, rue Gerhard Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and is registered with the RCS Luxembourg under number B65477. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, is a member of the Luxembourg Institut des 
Réviseurs d’Entreprises. 
Financial Year 
The Issuer 
The Issuer’s financial year is from 1 January to 31 December of each year. The Issuer has 
prepared consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December

--- Page 139 ---
125 
2021 and as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, copies of which have been 
filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank. Any future published financial statements 
prepared by the Issuer (in respect of the period ending on 31 December each year) will be 
available during normal office hours during the eight days preceding the holding of any 
extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders, at the registered office of the Issuer.  
The Guarantor 
The Guarantor’s financial year is from 1 January to 31 December of each year. The Guarantor 
has prepared consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 and as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, copies of which 
have been filed with Euronext Dublin and the Central Bank. Any future published financial 
statements prepared by the Guarantor (in respect of the period ending on 31 December each 
year) will be available during normal office hours during the eight days preceding the holding of 
any extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders, at the registered office of the Issuer.  
Material Contracts 
The Issuer is the borrower under uncommitted credit facilities provided by each of SEGRO and 
PSP (through various subsidiaries) (the “Shareholder Loans”). The Shareholder Loans permit 
the borrower to draw down loans from time to time, at rates of interest calculated by reference to 
applicable transfer pricing rules. Key terms of the Shareholder Loans include:  
 
the final maturity date of such loan shall be not less than one year after the Maturity Date; 
 
the Senior Liabilities, including amounts outstanding under indebtedness for borrowed 
money and liabilities owed to trade creditors and also including (without limitation) the 
Issuer’s obligations under the Notes; 
 
repayments and prepayments of principal in respect of such loan shall be deferred unless 
(i) at the time for payment under the terms of such loan, no amounts are due and payable 
but unpaid in respect of any Senior Liabilities in accordance with the terms governing 
such Senior Liabilities, or (ii) the ratio of Consolidated Total Net Borrowings to 
Consolidated Adjusted Total Assets, as reported in the Issuer’s most recently prepared 
management accounts, is not more than 40 per cent. both at the time of, and immediately 
following, the relevant payment; 
 
payments of interest in respect of such loan shall be deferred unless (i) at the time for 
payment under the terms of such loan, no amounts are due and payable but unpaid in 
respect of any Senior Liabilities in accordance with the terms governing such Senior 
Liabilities, or (ii) the amount of the relevant interest payment would not exceed 
Distributable Items for the period in respect of which such interest payment is accrued; 
and 
 
the lender under such loan is a direct or indirect shareholder of the Issuer, and such lender 
is prohibited from transferring its interests under such loan, in whole or in part, unless it 
also transfers a proportion of its direct or indirect shareholding in the Issuer equal to the 
proportion of the loan to be transferred (such that the ratio of its shareholding to its 
interests under the loan shall not change).

--- Page 140 ---
126 
A Shareholder Loan displaying all of these features will be a qualifying subordinated loan (a 
“Qualifying Subordinated Loan”). The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that it shall not 
amend any Qualifying Subordinated Loan outstanding at any time in a manner which would result 
in the relevant loan ceasing to be a Qualifying Shareholder Loan. 
Recent Events 
There have been no recent events particular to the Group which are to a material extent relevant 
to an evaluation of the Group’s solvency.

--- Page 141 ---
127 
GLOSSARY OF KEY TERMS 
Estimated cost to completion: Costs still to be expended on a development or redevelopment to 
practical completion, including attributable interest. 
Estimated rental value (or ERV): The estimated annual market rental value of lettable space as 
determined biannually by the Group’s valuers. This will normally be different from the rent being 
paid. 
Gearing: Net borrowings divided by total shareholders’ equity excluding intangible assets and 
deferred tax provisions. 
Gross rental income: Contracted rental income recognised in the period in the income statement, 
including surrender premiums. Lease incentives, initial costs and any contracted future rental 
increases are amortised on a straight‑line basis over the lease term. 
Headline rent: The annual rental income currently receivable on a property as at the Balance 
Sheet date (which may be more or less than the ERV) ignoring any rent-free period. 
Hectares (Ha): The area of land measurement used in this analysis. The conversion factor used, 
where appropriate, is 1 hectare = 2.471 acres. 
IFRS: International Financial Reporting Standards, the standards under which the Venture reports 
its financial accounts. 
Interest Cover Ratio or ICR: ICR is the ratio of net rental income excluding joint ventures to 
adjusted net finance costs. 
Investment property: Completed land and buildings held for rental income return and/or capital 
appreciation. 
Loan to Value Ratio or LTV Ratio: Net borrowings divided by the carrying value of total property 
assets (investment, owner occupied, trading properties and, if appropriate, assets held for sale on 
the balance sheet). This is reported on a ‘look-through’ basis (including joint ventures at share). 
Net initial yield: Passing rent less non-recoverable property expenses such as empty rates, 
divided by the property valuation plus notional purchasers’ costs. 
Net rental income: Gross rental income less ground rents paid, net service charge expenses and 
property operating expenses. 
Net true equivalent yield: The internal rate of return from an investment property, based on the 
value of the property assuming the current passing rent reverts to ERV and assuming the property 
becomes fully occupied over time. It assumes that rent is received quarterly in advance. 
Passing rent: The annual rental income currently receivable on a property as at the Balance Sheet 
date (which may be more or less than the ERV). Excludes rental income where a rent free period 
is in operation. Excludes service charge income (which is netted off against service charge 
expenses). 
Portfolio: the Group’s portfolio, which at 31 December 2021 included 89 estates (comprising 206 
buildings) of big box logistics assets. 
Pre-let: A lease signed with an occupier prior to commencing construction of a building. 
Rent-free period: An incentive provided usually at commencement of a lease during which a 
customer pays no rent. The amount of rent free is the difference between passing rent and headline 
rent. 
Rent roll: See Passing Rent.

--- Page 142 ---
128 
Speculative development: Where a development has commenced prior to a lease agreement 
being signed in relation to that development.  
Square metres (sq m): The area of building measurements. The conversion factor used, where 
appropriate, is one square metre = 10.7639 square feet. 
Takeback: Rental income lost due to lease expiry, exercise of break option, surrender or 
insolvency. 
weighted average lease length to expiry or WAULT: Weighted average unexpired lease term. 
Yield on cost: The expected gross yield based on the ERV of the developments when fully let, 
divided by the book value of the developments at the earlier of commencement of the development 
or the balance sheet date plus future development costs and estimated finance costs to 
completion.

--- Page 143 ---
129 
TAXATION 
Taxation in Luxembourg  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force 
in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice. The information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax 
issues and prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional 
advisers as to the effects of state, local and foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which 
they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residency concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a 
withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax 
law and/or concepts only. 
Status of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a fully taxable Luxembourg company. As such, it is subject to corporate income tax 
at a rate of 17 per cent. (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt 
commercial communal) – at a rate of 6.75 per cent. in Luxembourg-City – and a solidarity 
surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l'emploi) of 7 per cent. of the corporate income tax rate. 
The aggregate corporate tax rate thus currently stands at 24.94 per cent. in Luxembourg-City as 
from 1 January 2022. 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption 
or repurchase of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the “Relibi Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid 
interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to, or for the immediate benefit of, an individual beneficial owner who 
is a resident of Luxembourg, will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding 
tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course 
of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest under the Notes coming within 
the scope of the Relibi Law would be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent.

--- Page 144 ---
130 
Income Tax 
Interest received by an individual resident in Luxembourg in the context of managing his/her 
private wealth is subject to Luxembourg income tax at the progressive rates unless the interest 
has been subject to withholding tax or to the self-applied tax, if applicable. Indeed, in accordance 
with the Relibi Law, Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the framework of their private 
wealth, can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax on interest payments made by paying 
agents located in an EU Member State other than Luxembourg or a Member State of the 
European Economic Area other than an EU Member State. If applicable, the withholding tax or 
self-applied tax are the final income tax liability.  
A capital gain realised by a Luxembourg resident individual Noteholder, acting in the course of 
the management of his/her private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of 
the Notes is not subject to Luxembourg progressive income tax, unless the disposal of the Notes 
precedes the acquisition of the Notes or the Notes are disposed of within six months of the date 
of acquisition of these Notes. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but 
unpaid interest income may be subject the 20 per cent. withholding tax or the self-applied tax. 
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders acting in the course of the management of a 
professional or business undertaking must include any interest accrued or received as well as 
any capital gain realised upon the sale or disposal of the Notes in their taxable basis. If applicable, 
the 20 per cent. Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their final income tax 
liability. 
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders must include any interest accrued or received as 
well as any capital gain realised upon the sale or disposal of the Notes in their taxable basis.  
A non-resident Noteholder, not having a fixed place of business, a permanent establishment or a 
permanent representative in Luxembourg to which the Notes are attributable, is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received and on any gains realised upon the sale 
or disposal of the Notes. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
“FATCA”, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, 
or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have entered into, or 
have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain 
aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect 
to foreign passthru payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
foreign passthru payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply 
prior to two years after the date of publication by the Internal Revenue Service of final regulations 
defining the term “foreign passthru payment”. Holders of Notes should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in such Notes.

--- Page 145 ---
131 
In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding. 
Common Reporting Standard – Exchange of information 
The exchange of information is governed by the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”). On 24 
December 2019, 108 jurisdictions signed the multilateral competent authority agreement 
(“MCAA”), which is a multilateral framework agreement to automatically exchange financial and 
personal information, with the subsequent bilateral exchanges coming into effect between those 
signatories that file the subsequent notifications. More than 50 jurisdictions have committed to a 
specific and ambitious timetable leading to the first automatic information exchanges in 2017. 
More than 40 jurisdictions have committed to exchange information as from 2018. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a 
due diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes 
interest, dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales 
proceeds from financial assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the 
account or payments made with respect to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts 
held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts and foundations) with fiscal residence in 
another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look through passive entities to 
report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative 
cooperation in direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of 
financial information between the EU Member States as foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the 
previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, Directive 2011/16/EU. DAC2 
requires EU member states to establish an automatic exchange of information effective as from 
1 January 2016 (and in the case of Austria as from 1 January 2017). 
On 27 May 2015, Switzerland signed an agreement with the European Union in order to 
implement, as from 1 January 2017, an automatic exchange of financial information based on the 
CRS. This new agreement replaces the agreement on the taxation of savings that entered into 
force in 2005. 
Luxembourg implemented the provisions of DAC2 as well as the MCAA into domestic law on 
18 December 2015.  
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.

--- Page 146 ---
132 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Arranger and Dealers have, pursuant to a Programme Agreement dated 7 July 2022 and as 
may be amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time (the “Programme 
Agreement”), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to 
time agree to purchase Notes issued under the Programme. Any such agreement will extend to 
those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.   
The Issuer and the Guarantor will pay the Arranger and each Dealer a commission as agreed 
between them in respect of Notes subscribed by them. The Issuer and the Guarantor will 
reimburse the Arranger and each Dealer in respect of certain of their expenses, and each has 
agreed to indemnify the Arranger and Dealers against certain liabilities, incurred in connection 
with the issue of Notes under the Programme Agreement. The Programme Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
United States 
Notes issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or, if Category 2 is specified in 
the Final Terms, for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation 
S except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act.  
Notes in bearer form issued under the Programme are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and 
may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and 
regulations thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA 
D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
If Category 2 is specified in the Final Terms each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of the Notes or any Tranche of which such Notes are part, within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons and that it will have sent to each dealer 
to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Accordingly, if Category 1 is specified in the Final Terms the Notes are being offered and sold only 
outside the United States in offshore transactions in reliance on, and in compliance with, 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Notes within 
the United States by any dealer that is not participating in the offering may violate the registration

--- Page 147 ---
133 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealers, has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as contemplated by 
the Final Terms in relation thereto to any “retail investor” in the UK. For the purposes of this 
section: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the 
following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of UK MiFIR.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year (i) it is a 
person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business 
and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) 
received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
and

--- Page 148 ---
134 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any “retail investor” in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision the 
expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in Notes issued under the Programme. Each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that Notes issued under the Programme may not be publicly offered, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no 
application has been or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.  
Neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to Notes issued under 
the Programme constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA, and neither this Prospectus nor any 
other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise 
made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Japan 
Notes issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended (the “FIEA”)) and each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, 
Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
Republic of Korea

--- Page 149 ---
135 
Notes issued under the Programme have not been and will not be registered under the Financial 
Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (“FSCMA”). Each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any Korean 
resident (as such term is defined in the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law) for the period of one 
year from the date of issuance of the Notes, except (i) to or for the account or benefit of a Korean 
resident which falls within certain categories of "professional investors" as specified in the 
FSCMA, its Enforcement Decree and the Regulation on Securities Issuance and Disclosure, in 
the case that the Notes are issued as bonds other than convertible bonds, bonds with warrants 
or exchangeable bonds, and where other relevant requirements are further satisfied, or (ii) as 
otherwise permitted under applicable Korean laws and regulations.    
Singapore  
Each Dealer acknowledges, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that, the Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer represents, warrants and agrees, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and 
agree, that it has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Prospectus and 
any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Notes, and has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or 
cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as 
defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a 
relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, 
or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and 
Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and 
in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share 
capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an 
accredited investor; or 
(ii) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is 
to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an 
accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 150 ---
136 
1. 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
2. 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
3. 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
4. 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
5. 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it undertakes to 
comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or 
the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Prospectus or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified 
as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer 
within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (a “Belgian Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will 
not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal 
that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions 
or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in 
a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any supplement or amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal adviser.

--- Page 151 ---
137 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Notes or possesses or distributes this Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or 
permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, 
offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any of the other 
Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any 
time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating such sale.

--- Page 152 ---
138 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The Issuer and the Guarantor have obtained all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in Luxembourg in connection with the issue and performance of Notes under the 
Programme. The establishment of the Programme and the issuance of Notes under it was 
authorised by resolutions of the board of Managers of the Issuer passed on 21 June 2022, and 
the establishment of the Programme and the guarantee of Notes issued under it was authorised 
by resolutions of a meeting of the board of Managers of the Guarantor passed on 21 June 2022. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to 
trading on the Regulated Market will be so admitted to listing and trading.  
The applicable Final Terms shall be filed with the Central Bank, subject only to the issue of a one 
or more Global Notes in respect of each Tranche.  
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The listing of the Programme in respect of 
the Notes is expected to be granted on or before 7 July 2022. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Issue Price and Yield 
The issue price of any Notes or Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the relevant Dealers at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. The yield of each Tranche of Notes bearing interest at a fixed rate, as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms, will be calculated as of the relevant issue date using the relevant 
issue price. It is not an indication of future yield.  
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Prospectus digital copies of the following 
documents will be available to view online at https://live.euronext.com/nb/product/bonds-
detail/23791/documents. Furthermore, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays excepted), physical copies will be available for inspection at the 
registered offices of each of the Issuer (35-37, avenue de la Liberté, L-1931 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg), the Guarantor (35-37, avenue de la Liberté, L-1931 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg) and the office of the Principal Paying Agent (Citigroup Centre, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB):

--- Page 153 ---
139 
(a) 
the consolidated articles of association (statuts coordonnés) of the Issuer 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202206/8c57add5-54d3-4b71-86fd-ada48bd00c05.PDF); 
(b) 
the consolidated articles of association (statuts coordonnés) of the Guarantor 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202206/dffb0bb5-0f88-492c-8878-5b9d42ebb148.PDF);  
(c) 
the 
Issuer’s 
2020 
Annual 
Report 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/f1bc68cc-4740-4a95-8bc9-
97cf78edb948.PDF);  
(d) 
the 
Issuer’s 
2021 
Annual 
Report 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202206/3fc3aa6f-93b7-4774-b366-
2272bcddb0bc.pdf); 
(e) 
the 
Guarantor’s 
2020 Annual 
Report 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202104/7e4e5071-510d-4500-b4c5-
459c8b758785.PDF); 
(f) 
the 
Guarantor’s 
2021 Annual 
Report 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202206/e42ea8a0-d813-4a68-ad3b-
52d2bb5ef420.pdf); 
(g) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements of the Issuer and 
Guarantor and the most recently published unaudited interim financial statements 
(if any) of the Issuer and the Guarantor, in each case together with any audit or 
review reports prepared in connection therewith; 
(h) 
the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed and the forms of the Global Notes, the 
Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(i) 
a copy of this Prospectus; and 
(j) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements 
to this Prospectus, any Final Terms for Notes issued under the Programme and 
any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Copies of this Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms for Notes issued under the Programme and 
any 
documents 
incorporated 
by 
reference 
will 
also 
be 
available 
at 
https://live.euronext.com/nb/product/bonds-detail/23791/documents. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 154 ---
140 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
Issuer or the Issuer Group since 31 December 2021. There has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer or the Issuer Group since 31 December 2021.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
Guarantor or the Group since 31 December 2021. There has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of Guarantor or the Group since 31 December 2021.  
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Guarantor is aware), since the date of its 
incorporation which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Guarantor and/or the Group. 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), nor have there been such 
proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus, which may have or have in 
such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and/or the 
Issuer Group. 
Material Contracts 
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s or 
Guarantor’s business which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation 
or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s and/or Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations to 
Noteholders in respect of the Notes issued under the Programme.  
Language 
The language of the Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms 
have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Auditors to the Issuer and Guarantor 
The Guarantor’s consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 and as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 and the Issuer’s 
consolidated financial statements as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and 
as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, with its registered office at 2, rue Gerhard 
Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the RCS 
Luxembourg under number B65477, approved auditors to the Issuer and Guarantor (Réviseur 
d’entreprises agréé), as stated in their reports (without qualification), which are incorporated by

--- Page 155 ---
141 
reference in, and which form part of, this Prospectus (see “Documents Incorporated by 
Reference”). 
 
Trustee’s reliance on Auditors’ certificates and/or reports 
The Trustee may rely on certificates and/or reports from Auditors or any other expert in 
accordance with the Trust Deed whether or not such certificate or report or any engagement letter 
or other document entered into by the Trustee and the Auditors or such other expert in connection 
therewith contains any limit on the liability of the Auditors or such other expert.  
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services 
for the Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and other derivative transactions 
with the Issuer, the Guarantor and their respective affiliates. 
In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and 
for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or their respective affiliates. Where 
the Dealers or their respective affiliates have a lending relationship with the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and/or their respective affiliates they may routinely hedge their credit exposure to those entities 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, the Dealers and their 
respective affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes.  
The Dealers and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or 
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of the Programme or any Notes 
thereunder to the Official List or to trading on the Regulated Market.

--- Page 156 ---
142 
THE ISSUER 
SELP Finance S.à r.l. 
35-37, avenue de la Liberté  
L-1931 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
THE GUARANTOR 
SEGRO European Logistics Partnership S.à r.l. 
 35-37, avenue de la Liberté  
L-1931 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eighth Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT  
REGISTRAR  
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
Citibank Europe plc  
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
 Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to English law 
 
Slaughter and May 
One Bunhill Row 
London EC1Y 8YY 
United Kingdom 
 
To the Issuer as to Luxembourg law 
 
Elvinger Hoss Prussen, société anonyme 
2, Place Winston Churchill 
L-1340 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 157 ---
143 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English and Luxembourg law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
Allen & Overy 
Société en commandite simple  
(inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
5, avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative 
2, rue Gerhard Mercator 
L-2182 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar, 28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Madrid 
Spain 
Bank of China Limited, London Branch 
1 Lothbury 
London EC2R 7DB 
United Kingdom 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate 
London EC2M 4AA 
United Kingdom 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland