--- Page 1 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PROSPECTUS 
SES 
(incorporated as a société anonyme under the laws of Luxembourg) 
SES GLOBAL AMERICAS HOLDINGS INC. 
(established as a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware) 
€4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This document comprises two base prospectuses (together, the Prospectus): (i) the base prospectus for SES in respect of non-equity securities within the meaning of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) (the Notes) to be issued by it under this €4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme) and (ii) 
the base prospectus for SES Global Americas Holdings Inc. (SES Americas) in respect of Notes to be issued by it under this Programme. Under the Programme, SES and SES 
Americas (each an Issuer and, together, the Issuers) may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). 
The payment of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by SES Americas will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by SES and the payment of all 
amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by SES will, subject to the provisions of Condition 17 in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”, be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by SES Americas (each in its capacity as guarantor, the Guarantor). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References 
in this Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors” on pages 12 to 32. 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) in its capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act dated 
16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities, as amended (the Prospectus Law), for the approval of this Prospectus comprising two base prospectuses for the purposes of Article 8 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme described in the Prospectus to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the Official List) and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the Regulated Market). 
References in this Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II)).  
This Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as competent authority under the Prospectus Law and the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuers or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. 
By approving a prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of Regulation 2017/1129, the CSSF does not engage in respect of the economic and financial opportunity of 
the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuers or of the Notes to be issued hereunder. Pursuant to the Prospectus Law, the CSSF is not competent to approve prospectuses 
for the offering to the public or for the admission to trading on regulated markets of money market instruments (as defined in point (17) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU) 
having a maturity at issue of less than 12 months. 
This Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval and the obligation to supplement this Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, 
material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply following the expiry of that period. The end date of the validity period for the Prospectus is 23 May 2023. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any final terms not contained herein which 
are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms). The minimum 
denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the relevant Guarantor and the relevant Dealer. The Issuers may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The rating of a certain Series (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes) of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation) (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). Bearer Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a 
temporary global Note (each a Temporary Bearer Global Note) which will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common depositary (the Common Depositary) or a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper), as the case may be, on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear), and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) and/or any 
other agreed clearance system which will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for either a permanent global Note (each a Permanent Bearer Global Note 
and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, the Bearer Global Notes) or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations. If the Bearer Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, the Bearer Global Notes will 
be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to the Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. A Permanent Bearer Global Note 
will be exchangeable for definitive Notes in certain limited circumstances, all as further described in “Form of the Notes” below.  
Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a Registered Global Note) which will be deposited with a Common 
Depositary or a Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. If a Registered Global Note is held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure (the NSS) the Registered Global Note will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. A Registered Global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes, in certain limited circumstances, all as further described in “Form of the Notes” below. 
Bearer Global Notes which are not issued in NGN form and Registered Global Notes which are not held under the NSS will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche with a Common Depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
 
Arranger 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
 
Dealers 
 
 
Bank of China 
 
Banque et Caisse d’Epargne de l’Etat, 
Luxembourg 
BBVA 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
Commerzbank 
 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
Helaba

--- Page 2 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
HSBC 
 
ING 
IMI – Intesa Sanpaolo 
 
J.P. Morgan 
KBC 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Mizuho Securities 
 
MUFG 
SMBC 
 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
 
The date of this Prospectus is 23 May 2022

--- Page 3 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
1 
 
 
 
 
 
Each of SES and SES Americas (the Responsible Persons) accepts responsibility for the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any information contained in the Final Terms relating to an issue of Notes 
under the Programme). To the best of the knowledge of each of SES and SES Americas, the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
The only persons authorised to use this Prospectus in connection with an offer of Notes 
are the persons named as the relevant Dealer or the Managers in relation to the offer of Notes. 
This Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below). This 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and 
form part of this Prospectus. 
Save for the Issuers, no party has independently verified the information contained or 
incorporated by reference herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger or the 
Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this 
Prospectus or any other information provided by SES or SES Americas in connection with the 
Programme. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger accepts 
any responsibility for the contents of this Prospectus or for any other statement, made or 
purported to be made by the Arranger or a Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuers, 
the Guarantors, or the issue and offering of the Notes. The Arranger and each Dealer accordingly 
disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to 
above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Prospectus or any such statement. 
None of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates have authorised the 
whole or any part of this Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty or 
accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this 
Prospectus or any responsibility for any act or omission of the Issuers, the Guarantors, or any 
other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the issue and offering of the 
Notes.  
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained or incorporated by reference in or not consistent with this Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by SES or SES 
Americas or the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(b) should be considered as a recommendation by SES or SES Americas or the Arranger or any 
of the Dealers that any recipient of this Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of SES and/or SES 
Americas. Neither this Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of SES or 
SES Americas or the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
Neither the delivery of this Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall 
in any circumstances imply that the information contained or incorporated by reference herein 
concerning SES or SES Americas is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger and the 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of SES or SES 
Americas during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any 
information coming to their attention. The Notes and the guarantees have not been and will not 
be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act) and 
include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements unless such Notes are 
considered issued in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes (see “Form of the 
Notes”). Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
This Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy 
any Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation 
in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. SES, SES Americas, the Arranger and the Dealers do 
not represent that this Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully 
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the 
contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by SES, SES Americas, the 
Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution 
of this Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Prospectus and 
the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area 
(including France and the Republic of Italy), the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Japan 
and Singapore (see “Subscription and Sale” below). 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
relevant Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation (as defined below) may have 
the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks (or, if located outside the EU, obtain recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence) at the date of the relevant Final Terms. The registration status of 
any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where 
required by applicable law, the relevant Issuer does not intend to update the relevant Final Terms 
to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 5 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference 
(see “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below), references to websites or uniform resource 
locators (“URLs”) in this Prospectus are inactive textual references. The contents of any such 
website or URL shall not form part of this Prospectus. 
All references in this document to “U.S. dollars”, "USD", “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United 
States dollars and all references to “euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as amended.MiFID 
II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes and any 
drawdown prospectus may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such 
Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
and any drawdown prospectus may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of 
the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the

--- Page 6 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
4 
 
 
 
 
 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of 
the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), unless 
otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital 
markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as 
principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as 
defined in National Instrument 31- 103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws.  
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a 
purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment 
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal advisor.  
Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-
105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 
regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with the offering of any Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
5 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ................................................................................................................... 6 
Risk Factors .......................................................................................................................................... 12 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 33 
Presentation of Financial and Other Information .................................................................................. 36 
Financial Overview ............................................................................................................................... 38 
Form of the Notes ................................................................................................................................. 43 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes ....................................................................................................... 47 
Form of Final Terms ............................................................................................................................. 81 
Business ................................................................................................................................................ 94 
Organisational Structure of the Group ................................................................................................ 113 
Description of SES and Corporate Governance .................................................................................. 123 
Principal Shareholders ........................................................................................................................ 133 
Description of SES Global Americas Holdings INC. ......................................................................... 135 
Use and estimated net amount of proceeds ......................................................................................... 138 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 139 
Subscription and Sale .......................................................................................................................... 145 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 152 
Glossary .............................................................................................................................................. 156 
 _________________________  
 
 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may 
over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at 
a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any 
time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
6 
 
 
 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following overview of the programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, 
and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and Article 25 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. Words and 
expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have the 
same meanings in this description. 
 
Issuers: 
SES and SES Global Americas Holdings Inc. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
SES: 5493008JPA4HYMH1HX51 
SES Global Americas Holdings Inc.: 
5299000YGN3VJ3R60481 
Guarantors: 
SES (in respect of Notes issued by SES Global Americas 
Holdings Inc.) and SES Global Americas Holdings Inc. (in 
respect of Notes issued by SES). 
Description of the Programme: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the ability of SES 
and SES Americas to fulfil their respective obligations as 
Issuer under Notes issued under the Programme and their 
respective obligations as Guarantor under the relevant 
Guarantee. These are set out in the “Risk Factors” section 
and the categories of risk factors include those set out 
below. In addition, there are certain factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme. These 
are also set out under “Risk Factors” and include the fact 
that the Notes may not be a suitable investment for all 
investors, certain risks relating to the structure of particular 
Series of Notes and certain market risks.  
 
Risks Relating to the Group’s Business 
 
Risks Relating to the Group’s Strategic Development  
 
Risks Relating to the Satellite Communications Market  
 
Risks Relating to Regulation 
 
 
Risks Relating to Finance 
 
Risks Relating to an Investment in the Notes 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers:  
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A.

--- Page 9 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
7 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Banque et Caisse d’Epargne de l’Etat, Luxembourg 
 
BNP Paribas 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
Goldman Sachs International  
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch  
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
 
KBC Bank NV 
 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
 
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale  
 
Mizuho International plc 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V.  
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
 
Société Générale 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions 
or reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from 
time to time (see “Subscription and Sale”) including the 
following restrictions applicable at the date of this 
Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, 
constitute deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on 
accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a 
limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, (see 
“Subscription and Sale”). 
Principal Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
Registrar and Transfer Agent:  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. 
Programme Size: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. SES and SES Americas may

--- Page 10 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
8 
 
 
 
 
 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with 
the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at an issue price which is at par or at a 
discount to, or premium over, par. The Issue Price will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form as 
described in “Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not 
be exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa (save that 
holders of Bearer Notes issued by SES will have the right 
to exchange such Notes for “registered notes” in the manner 
and form contemplated within the provisions of the law of 
10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended 
(Luxembourg Company Law).  
 Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may 
be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service as indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms. The margin (if any) relating to 
such floating rate will be agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate 
Notes. 
Other 
provisions 
in 
relation 
to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable on such Interest 
Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest.

--- Page 11 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
9 
 
 
 
 
 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following an 
Event of Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at 
the option of the relevant Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, 
as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such 
stated maturity and at a price or prices specified or, in the 
case of an Issuer Make Whole Call, in accordance with the 
provisions specified in Condition 7.4 or, in the case of 
redemption at the option of the Noteholders on a Change of 
Control, in accordance with the provisions specified in 
Condition 7.5A. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) save that the minimum denomination of each 
Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation shall be €100,000 (or, if 
the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
“Certain Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than 
one year” above. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed 
by any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8. In the 
event that any such deduction is made, the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8, be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 4. 
Events of Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain, amongst others, the 
following events of default: 
 
a) 
default in payment of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes, continuing for a specified 
period of time; 
b) 
non-performance or non-observance by the Issuer 
of any of its other obligations under the Terms and 
Conditions or the Guarantee continuing for a 
specified period of time;

--- Page 12 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
10 
 
 
 
 
 
c) 
cross default provision as further described in 
Condition 10; and 
d) 
events relating to the insolvency or winding up of 
SES and SES Americas. 
Status of the Notes: 
The 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 
4) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Guarantee: 
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed in the case of Notes issued by SES Americas, by 
SES and in the case of Notes issued by SES (and subject to 
the provisions of Condition 17, which allows a termination 
of the relevant guarantee upon satisfaction of certain 
conditions), by SES Americas. The obligations of the 
relevant Guarantor under such guarantee will be direct, 
unconditional and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari 
passu and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of 
the relevant Guarantor from time to time outstanding. 
In respect of Notes issued by SES, the Guarantee contains 
provisions which for so long as SES Americas remains 
Guarantor, permit a termination of the Guarantee provided 
that: 
(i) 
there is no Event of Default that has occurred 
and is continuing; 
(ii) 
the Total Assets (as defined in the Conditions) 
of SES Americas, as of the end of the previous 
two Fiscal Periods (as defined in the Conditions) 
prior to the date of such termination, represented 
less than 10 per cent. of the Total Assets of SES;  
(iii) 
the EBITDA (as defined in the Conditions) of 
the Guarantor, in respect of the previous two 
Fiscal Periods prior to the date of such 
termination, represented less than 10 per cent. of 
the EBITDA of SES; 
(iv) 
each rating agency which has assigned a credit 
rating to the Notes confirms that upon such 
termination becoming effective the Notes will 
either have the same credit rating as

--- Page 13 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
11 
 
 
 
 
 
immediately prior to the termination or the 
credit rating will not be adversely affected; and 
(v) 
a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer has been delivered to 
the Principal Paying Agent confirming that the 
requirements of this Condition 17 have been 
fulfilled prior to such termination taking effect. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied 
by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit. If, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Rating: 
The rating of certain Series of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Listing, approval and admission to 
trading: 
Application has been made to the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) to approve this 
document for the purposes of the Prospectus Law and the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made to 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer in 
relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law.. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the European Economic Area 
(including France and the Republic of Italy), the United 
Kingdom, Switzerland, Canada, Japan, Singapore and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the 
offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes (see 
“Subscription and Sale”).

--- Page 14 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
12 
 
 
 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Issuers believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Each 
of the Issuers believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in the Notes, but the relevant Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes for unknown other reasons at the date of this Prospectus. 
Factors which each of the Issuers believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with the Notes are also described below. 
Any investment in the Notes involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should 
carefully consider, in the light of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, the 
following risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Notes. If any of the following 
risks actually occur, they could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects and the market value of the Notes may be adversely 
affected. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein), consult their own professional advisers and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
For the purposes of the Risk Factors, references to SES and to the Group are to SES and its 
subsidiaries. 
Risks Relating to the Group’s Business 
The Group may experience a launch delay or failure or other satellite damage or destruction during 
launch, which could lead to a total or partial loss of the satellite. 
Launch delays are a possibility. Satellite launch and in-orbit insurance policies do not 
compensate for lost revenues and other consequential losses.   
There is always a small but inherent risk of launch or early-orbit failure, resulting in a reduced 
satellite lifetime and/or functionality or the total loss of a satellite.  
A launch delay or failure could result in significant delays in the deployment of satellites 
because of the need to secure another launch opportunity and, in the case of failure, to construct a 
replacement satellite, which involves significant replacement cost (which may or may not be covered 
by insurance) and may take two years or longer. Moreover, while it may be possible in some cases to 
transfer the launch to another launch service provider, the limited number of launch service providers 
and the process of scheduling a replacement launch may involve further delay and limit SES’s options. 
Failures or delays could also potentially cause the loss of frequency rights at certain orbital positions, 
reduced satellite lifetime in the case of an incorrect orbit injection, reduced functionality of the satellite, 
total loss of a mission and, to the extent that there are no other satellites that can be readily redeployed 
to carry the traffic that had been contracted for the satellite that was lost, delays in the onset of projected 
revenue streams or loss of revenue.  
In addition, since commercial agreements signed ahead of launch generally include provisions 
allowing a customer to terminate the agreement if the launch fails or delays or failures are not remedied 
before an agreed date, any launch failure or delay could cause the Group to lose customers to competing 
satellite operators. Even where launch failures or delays are remedied, such failures or delays could 
damage the Group’s reputation. Satellite launch and in-orbit insurance policies generally do not

--- Page 15 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
13 
 
 
 
 
 
compensate for lost revenue due to the loss of customers to competitors because of interruption to 
services or for consequential losses resulting from any launch delay or failure.  
The occurrence of launch failures and launch delays could therefore have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s satellites may experience in-orbit destruction, damage or other failures or degradations 
in performance that could impair the satellites’ commercial performance. 
A satellite may suffer in-orbit failures ranging from a partial impairment of its commercial 
capabilities to a total loss of the asset. Such failure may result in SES not being able to continue to 
provide service to some of its customers.  
Satellite malfunctions, commonly referred to as anomalies, can occur as a result of: 
• 
the satellite manufacturer’s error, including an undetected design, manufacturing or assembly 
defect, or the use of a new technology that proves to be faulty; 
• 
problems with the satellite’s power systems, including circuit failures or other array degradation 
causing reductions in the power output of the solar arrays on the satellites; 
• 
problems with the satellite’s control systems; or 
• 
general failures, including premature component failure. 
Certain of the Group’s satellites have experienced, and may in the future experience, anomalies 
or failures, which could lead to: 
• 
a degradation in commercial performance; 
• 
a reduction in transmission capacity; 
• 
a reduction in the satellite’s operational life; 
• 
outages; 
• 
a reduction in the quantity of operating transponders; or 
• 
the total loss of a satellite, 
any of which could result in lost revenue until a replacement satellite is launched as well as increased 
expenses to replace the satellite. In addition, to the extent that the Group has multiple satellites with 
similar designs, problems experienced with one satellite may be experienced with other satellites.  
In the event of a geostationary orbit (GEO) satellite failure, the Group may not be able to 
continue to provide service to its customers from the same orbital position or at all, which could harm 
the Group’s reputation and adversely affect its ability to retain existing customers or attract new 
customers.  
The occurrence of any of the risks above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The actual lives of the Group’s satellites may be shorter than their estimated initial design lives.

--- Page 16 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
14 
 
 
 
 
 
The initial design life of a satellite is typically 15 years for GEO satellites and 12 years for 
medium earth orbit (MEO) satellites. The value of a satellite is normally depreciated on a straight-line 
basis over this period. In the event of changes in the expected fuel life of the satellite, in-orbit anomalies 
or other technical or commercial factors, its actual life may be shorter than its design life. Under these 
circumstances, depreciation may be accelerated as well as the lifetime revenue generated reduced, 
leading to a reduction in the return on investment for the asset. 
The Group relies on a limited number of launch providers to launch its satellites. 
SES is dependent on a limited number of launch service providers. As such, delays may be incurred in 
launching satellites in the event of a prolonged unavailability of service from a launch service provider.  
The unavailability of a launch provider could cause a global shortage in launch service capacity, 
which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The Group is primarily dependent on a small number of satellite manufacturers and secondary 
suppliers. 
SES is dependent on a small number of satellite manufacturers for the construction of its 
satellites and suppliers of key components of communications satellites (referred to as secondary 
suppliers). Dependency on a small number of satellite manufacturers and secondary suppliers may 
reduce the Group’s negotiating power and access to advanced technologies and result in increased 
satellite procurement risk (for example, due to technical difficulties and design problems with a 
particular model of satellite). This dependence may also result in a higher concentration of risk. SES 
may experience significant delays in procuring new satellites in the event of prolonged problems, 
operational difficulties or financial difficulties at one of these satellite manufacturers. Further, the 
difficulties caused by any technical problems with the design of a particular model of satellite may be 
multiplied if several satellites of that design are purchased. SES may experience significant delays in 
acquiring and launching new satellites in the event of prolonged problems at one of its secondary 
suppliers.  
The occurrence of the defects or delays described above could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Group may not be able to obtain adequate insurance or the desired level of coverage, and 
insurance premiums may increase. 
Satellite insurance is a cyclical market and the price, terms and availability of satellite insurance 
has fluctuated over the years. Losses experienced by this market in recent years have resulted in a 
significant hardening of market conditions, which could result in increases in the amount of insurance 
premiums paid by SES to cover its risks and affect its ability to obtain the desired levels of coverage. 
This would in turn increase the Group’s costs and have an adverse effect on its business, risk profile, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
Satellites may be subject to damage or loss from events that might not be covered by insurance 
policies. 
SES maintains pre-launch, launch and initial in-orbit insurance, as well as third party liability 
insurance for its satellites. SES also maintains in-orbit insurance for its satellites that have book value. 
The insurance policies generally contain customary market exclusions from losses resulting from: 
• 
military or similar action; 
• 
any anti-satellite device;

--- Page 17 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
15 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
electromagnetic and radio interference (except for physical damage to a satellite directly 
resulting from this interference); 
• 
confiscation by any governmental body; 
• 
insurrection and similar acts or governmental action to prevent such acts; 
• 
nuclear reaction or radiation contamination; 
• 
wilful or intentional acts by the insured causing the loss or failure of satellites;  
• 
terrorism; and  
• 
cyber attacks. 
Furthermore, these insurance policies do not provide compensation for business interruption, 
loss of market share, reputational damage, incidental and consequential damages and the in-orbit 
insurance only covers losses in excess of the potentially high-risk retention level or deductible selected 
by SES. In addition, the Group’s third-party liability insurance (which covers losses arising from third 
party bodily injury and property damage caused by, amongst other things, launch failures and satellite 
collisions) is subject to a single limit of €400 million of coverage for any one occurrence. 
Losses arising from any of the factors above could result in material increases in costs or 
reductions in expected revenue and profits, either of which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
A portion of the Group’s in-orbit insurance policies are maintained through self-insurance. 
SES has adopted a policy of limited self-insurance for in-orbit insurance. Insurance of SES’s 
fleet is provided by two wholly-owned subsidiaries that re-insure part of the risk with external insurance 
companies, which reduces the amount of insurance premiums paid to such insurance companies, but 
leaves the Group with exposure in the event of loss. SES self-insures chosen aggregate deductibles as 
well as amounts above a certain aggregate limit of insurance, and external insurance policies only cover 
losses in excess of the aggregate deductibles up to the limit of insurance.  
If any event occurs that is covered by the in-orbit self-insurance deductibles, it would not be 
compensated by an outside insurer and thus there could be a material increase in the Group’s costs, 
which would decrease profits and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may not be successful in renewing its existing commercial agreements, or in renewing 
them on terms that are similar to their current terms.  
The Group’s commercial contracts vary in length depending on the type of customer. Contracts 
with video customers tend to be longer-term, with typical durations of five to seven years (and up to 15 
years in certain cases) for customers in North America and Europe, and between three to five years for 
customers in developing markets. Contracts with data customers are typically one to five years in length, 
and contracts with governmental customers depend on the type of service and can vary from one to ten 
years in duration. If SES is unsuccessful in obtaining the renewal of its commercial agreements when 
they come up for renewal or is unable to obtain commercial terms similar to those currently reflected 
in its agreements, such as due to budget cuts affecting governmental or other customers, revenue could 
be adversely affected for some time.

--- Page 18 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
16 
 
 
 
 
 
The inability to renew commercial agreements on terms as favourable as existing agreements 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The Group has several large customers, the loss of any of which could materially reduce the Group’s 
revenue and materially adversely affect the Group’s business. 
The Group generates its revenue primarily from commercial agreements to provide satellite 
transponder capacity and associated services and solutions to its customers. Certain customers have 
major or significant contracts with the Group. However, the Group’s customer base is subject to 
constant change, both in terms of volume and type of service purchased. Some of the Group’s major 
customers could decide not to renew their contracts, seek to renew them on scope or terms that are less 
favourable to the Group or, where a contract contains an early-termination right, to terminate a contract 
before the end of its term. Moreover, because of the typically long-term nature of some material satellite 
capacity contracts and the costs to customers of switching providers, if a customer decides not to renew 
an agreement (for example, as the result of developing or increasing relationships with other operators 
or moving to other telecommunications solutions), it may be a number of years before the Group has 
the opportunity to win back or replace the business. Also, if key customers reduce their reliance on SES 
by developing or increasing relationships with other satellite solution providers (or moving to other 
telecommunications solutions) and such key customer cannot be replaced, SES’s revenue may be 
impacted negatively. 
In addition, key customers may go bankrupt or combine with other customers in mergers and 
acquisitions. Consolidation in the industries in which the Group’s customers operate may increase their 
bargaining power and leverage when negotiating agreements with the Group, leading to pressure on 
pricing. Budget cuts may also be imposed on SES’s governmental customers. 
The loss of large customers or the reduction in demand for services from customers for any of 
the reasons above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to general customer counterparty risk. 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with the financial condition of its customers and their 
ability to fulfil their contractual obligations. If any customer experiences financial difficulties or fails 
to fulfil its contractual commitments to the Group, the Group may incur costs enforcing its contractual 
rights and may incur significant losses. The Group has a number of customer contracts where the 
customer’s payments to the Group are scheduled towards the end of the contractual term but the revenue 
is recognised in the Group’s accounts on a linear basis under IFRS accounting standards. As a result, if 
a customer experiences financial difficulties or fails to fulfil its contractual commitments to the Group, 
the Group may not only fail to receive the revenue due from the customer but may also have to record 
a loss to offset the revenue already recognised in its financial statements. 
The level of customer credit risk faced by the Group may increase as it grows revenue in 
developing markets because credit risk tends to be higher in these markets. Any failure of the Group’s 
customers to fulfil their contractual commitments to the Group could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group relies on information systems, satellite control and operations networks and other 
technology, and a disruption or failure of such systems, networks or technology as a result of 
unauthorised access, misappropriation of data or other malfeasance may disrupt the Group’s 
business. 
Information systems, satellite control, operations and communication networks and other 
technologies are critical to the Group’s operating activities and the fulfilment of its commercial

--- Page 19 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
17 
 
 
 
 
 
obligations to its customers. SES’ operations may be subject to hacking, malware and other forms of 
cyber attacks. Due to the high sophistication of certain attackers and an increasing number of cyber-
attacks, it may not always be possible to prevent every such event. Any such event could have an adverse 
impact on the Group’s operations, including service disruption or malfunctions, loss of customers, non-
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, inadvertent violations of data protection, export 
control and other relevant laws, damage to the Group’s reputation or result in damage to the Group’s 
properties, equipment and data. Such an event also could result in large expenditures necessary to repair 
or replace such networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. 
Third parties may also experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact the Group’s business 
operations and over which the Group has limited control. 
The Group could be exposed to significant costs, fines and penalties if such risks were to 
materialise, and such events could damage the Group’s reputation and credibility and have a negative 
impact on its revenue. 
The occurrence of any such events or security breaches could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s international operations are subject to a number of risks that could negatively affect 
future operating results or subject the Group to criminal and civil enforcement actions. 
SES conducts business around the world. International business is subject to a variety of risks, 
including: 
• 
lack of developed and/or independent legal systems to enforce commercial, legal and regulatory 
rights; 
• 
greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles; 
• 
foreign currency exchange volatility; 
• 
inflation and deflation; 
• 
fraud and political corruption; 
• 
anticompetitive or protectionist behaviour; 
• 
uncertain and changing tax rules, regulations and rates; 
• 
logistical and communication challenges;  
• 
economic and financial conditions in the markets in which the Group operates; and 
• 
political conditions in the markets in which the Group operates as well as geopolitical events 
in or affecting such markets (such as the currently on-going conflict between Russia and 
Ukraine). 
In addition, SES may be subject to civil or criminal liability under the U.S., United Kingdom, 
EU, Canada and other laws and regulations pertaining to economic sanctions, export controls, 
competition and anti-bribery requirements. SES has procedures, policies and controls in place that are 
designed to detect and prevent instances of non-compliance with such requirements. There have 
nonetheless been a few instances when SES has identified activities that may have constituted violations 
of applicable requirements. For example, SES has previously submitted a voluntary self-disclosure 
report to OFAC (for more information see “Regulation—Export Controls and Sanctions Regulations”).

--- Page 20 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
18 
 
 
 
 
 
In such circumstances, SES has taken prompt action to investigate and remediate such activities and to 
adjust its controls to prevent such occurrences in the future. Any failure by SES to obtain or maintain 
required licences and authorisations or failure to comply with sanctions, export control, competition 
and anti-bribery laws and regulations may render it impossible for SES to provide satellite capacity and 
services to certain countries or customers and potential customers. Further, any failure by SES to obtain 
or maintain required licences and authorisations or failure to comply with sanctions, export control, 
competition, and anti-bribery laws and regulations may render it impossible for SES to provide satellite 
capacity or services to countries that are subject to sanctions, to purchase satellites and equipment from 
certain vendors (including U.S. manufacturers and suppliers), restrict SES’s ability to conduct business 
with U.S. government entities, expose the Group and its employees to significant fines and other 
penalties and/or cause reputational damage. Additionally, the failure of the Group’s vendors or suppliers 
to obtain the necessary export and other authorisations could affect SES’s ability to acquire, launch or 
operate satellites. 
Risks and violations of international and national laws and regulations may negatively affect 
future operations or subject the Group to criminal or civil enforcement actions, including potential 
financial penalties. Although the Group has policies and procedures to monitor and address legal and 
regulatory compliance, there can be no guarantee that such policies and procedures will prevent all 
violations of applicable regulations. Moreover, there can be no guarantee that the Group’s employees 
or agents will not violate these requirements or will not engage in activities that result in the Group’s 
direct or indirect violation of such applicable regulations. 
See “—Risks Relating to Regulation— The Group is subject to export control laws including 
those of the United States which may preclude exporting satellites for launch, satellite-related 
hardware, technology, data and services or preclude sourcing these items in the United States.” below 
for further information. 
SES’s business with the U.S. government is subject to U.S. national security laws and 
regulations. As a result of the indirect ownership by a non-U.S. parent company and the classified nature 
of its business, SES Government Solutions, Inc. (SESGS) is subject to a proxy agreement (the Proxy 
Agreement) with the U.S. government. The imposed proxy structure is common practice for businesses 
serving certain segments of the U.S. government. The Proxy Agreement places strict limitations on the 
information that may be shared between SESGS and SES and its subsidiaries. The Proxy Agreement 
also imposes various restrictions on the control of SESGS by SES. SESGS operates under the leadership 
of an independent proxy board approved by the U.S. Department of Defense. SES’s internal controls 
and SES’s internal audit may not be fully effective or implemented due to the restrictions imposed by 
the Proxy Agreement. Further, a breach of the Proxy Agreement could place all or part of the SESGS 
business with the U.S. government at risk. 
The occurrence of any of the risks above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group may not be able to retain and/or attract personnel who are critical to the Group’s business. 
SES is competing for employees with satellite operators as well as large and well-known companies. In 
the context of low unemployment rates and a shortage of qualified candidates, SES may have difficulties 
in hiring competent employees. If SES is unable to source and retain key talent, this could have a 
negative impact on SES’s ability to deliver its business objectives and, in turn, on SES’s business, 
financial situation and results. 
The Group’s operations and systems are subject to external threats, including sabotage, terrorist 
attacks and natural disasters.

--- Page 21 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
19 
 
 
 
 
 
As a satellite operator, SES is subject to a number of risks that could impair its operations and 
systems, including sabotage, terrorist acts, piracy, attack by anti-satellite devices, jamming, 
unintentional interference and natural disasters.  
Such occurrences are generally excluded from the Group’s insurance coverage. For further 
information, see “—Satellites may be subject to damage or loss from events that might not be covered 
by insurance policies” above. 
The occurrence of any of these risks may lead to a temporary or permanent interruption in 
service and/or result in a loss of customers, reputational damage or reduced revenue, any of which could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s operations are subject to external threats such as COVID-19   
SES is subject to the risk of a global pandemic or other health emergency such as COVID-19. 
Worsening of COVID-19 or the appearance of another material health emergency could affect 
availability of our employees and impact various areas of SES’ business including procurement and 
launch of satellites, entry into service of new satellites, procurement of ground infrastructure and 
provision of services to customers.  
In addition to the risk of a direct operational impact on the Group, a global pandemic or other 
health emergency such as COVID-19 can dampen economic activity and erode financial conditions 
worldwide.  
 For further information, see note 32 to the consolidated financial statements of SES as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2021, which are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
All of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial 
condition. 
SES is subject to risks from legal and arbitration proceedings. 
Disputes in relation to SES’s business arise from time to time and can result in legal or 
arbitration proceedings. There can be no assurance that the Group will not become involved in legal or 
arbitration disputes involving material claims for damages or other payments. The outcome of these 
and any other proceedings cannot be predicted. In the event of a negative outcome in respect of any 
material legal or arbitration proceeding, whether based on a judgment or a settlement agreement, SES 
could be required to make payments that could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the costs related to litigation and arbitration 
proceedings may be significant. 
Risks Relating to the Group’s Strategic Development  
The Group is exposed to risks inherent in doing business in developing markets. 
The Group’s development strategy involves targeting new geographical areas and developing 
markets, such as in Africa, Latin America and Asia and potentially developing joint ventures or 
partnerships with local telecommunications, media and financial businesses in such markets in order to 
improve market access for its services. 
Expansion into these regions may not be successful, and even if successful, SES is exposed to 
the inherent risks of doing business in those regions, such as instability arising from political or 
economic factors or differences in legal and regulatory regimes. See “—Risks Relating to the Group’s 
Business—The Group’s international operations are subject to a number of risks that could negatively 
affect future operating results or subject the Group to criminal and civil enforcement actions” above.

--- Page 22 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
20 
 
 
 
 
 
Such instability could cause difficulties in the Group’s ability to operate, increase costs or lead to an 
unexpected reduction in the demand for the Group’s services. In addition, in some developing markets, 
customers may be less financially secure and run a higher risk of insolvency than in more developed 
markets. The failure of a customer to make payments for the Group’s services or honour its agreements 
would lead to a reduction in the Group’s revenue. Protectionist policies on foreign satellite capacity 
(national operator preference) as well as sanction regimes in certain countries pose further risks, mainly 
in developing markets. 
The occurrence of any of the risks above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to general risks associated with its strategic investments. 
The Group has a number of strategic investments that it does not fully control and may enter 
into similar arrangements in the future. As a result, the Group is dependent in part on the cooperation 
of other investors and partners in protecting and realising the full potential of certain investments. The 
Group may not be able to prevent strategic partners from taking actions that are contrary to the Group’s 
business interests or objectives or are inconsistent with the Group’s views of what is the best strategy 
for the investment. In certain circumstances, it may become necessary for the Group to invest further 
funds or fulfil its contractual obligations, or the Group may be restricted from realising the value of its 
investment. 
Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
For more information about the Group’s strategic investments, see “Business—Strategic 
Investments”. 
The Group is exposed to the risk of increasing the sales of lower margin value-add services 
compared to the typically higher margin satellite capacity sales. 
The Group’s development strategy includes an increased focus on sales of value-add services 
to counter competition and commoditisation of traditional satellite capacity sales. An unsuccessful 
execution of this strategy may lead to significantly higher costs, that may not be compensated by 
identical or higher revenues, or the loss of operational efficiency, leading to customer dissatisfaction.  
Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Forward-looking information included in this Prospectus may differ materially from actual results 
and investors should not place undue reliance on it. 
The forward-looking information set forth in this Prospectus regarding SES represents SES’s 
current view of such information and is based on assumptions including, but not limited to, issues not 
arising concerning satellite health; satellite launches occurring when anticipated; no changes to 
prevailing global macroeconomic and political conditions (in particular where SES has significant 
levels of operation); no deterioration in the financial condition or solvency of SES’s key customers; no 
change in market conditions within the satellite industry, including in relation to customer demand or 
competitive environment; no change in currency exchange rates between the euro and the currencies in 
which the Group operates (including, most significantly, the U.S. dollar); no changes in inflation, 
interest or tax rate assumptions in SES’s principal markets compared with SES’s budgeted estimates; 
no adverse event impacting SES’s financial performance; no changes in legislation or regulatory 
requirements, including accounting principles or materiality thresholds; the conclusion of negotiations 
for new and renewed capacity agreements in line with SES’s expectations; and no material issues arising 
in respect of SES’s contracts. While any forward-looking information contained in this Prospectus is

--- Page 23 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
21 
 
 
 
 
 
based on the assumptions that SES currently believes are appropriate, it is inevitable that there is a 
degree of uncertainty relating to any forward-looking revenue, performance and trend information. Such 
information should therefore be read in this context and construed accordingly. 
The assumptions on which forward-looking information is based are inherently subject to 
significant business, operational, economic, market and other risks, many of which are outside of SES’s 
control. Accordingly, such assumptions may change, potentially materially, or the expected effects of 
these assumptions may not materialise at all. In addition, unanticipated events may adversely affect the 
actual results that SES achieves in future periods whether or not its assumptions relating to the forward-
looking information for future periods otherwise prove to be correct. As a result, SES’s actual results 
may vary materially from the forward-looking information included in this document, and investors 
should not place undue reliance upon it. 
Pursuing external growth opportunities may not yield the expected benefits. 
As part of its strategy, the Group regularly evaluates opportunities to make strategic acquisitions or to 
increase its stake in ventures in which it currently has an interest. SES’ desired strategic investments 
may not yield expected benefits due to a number of factors including uncertain or changing market 
conditions, financing costs and legal and regulatory issues.   
Failure to pursue or complete strategic growth opportunities may prevent the Group from 
growing the business, which could in turn result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks Relating to the Satellite Communications Market  
The telecommunications market is highly competitive and SES faces competition from satellite (GEO 
and LEO), terrestrial (fixed and wireless) networks, and associated value add service providers. 
The Group is subject to a number of risks relating to competition. The Group’s traditional 
competitors are other satellite operators, including major international ones like Intelsat S.A., Eutelsat 
S.A. and Telesat Holdings Inc. The Group also faces significant and increasing competition in different 
regions around the world from national and regional satellite operators and vertically integrated service 
providers (such as ViaSat, Inmarsat and Hughes Network Systems, a division of Echostar). In addition, 
the Group may face competition from new market entrants providing satellite networks and solutions 
from LEO (Low Earth Orbit) (such as SpaceX Starlink, OneWeb, Amazon Kuiper and Telesat 
Lightspeed) and MEO in the future. 
The development of national satellite programmes may hinder the Group’s ability to compete 
in those countries on standard economic terms. The new capacity (which may be significant) may also 
negatively impact the transponder supply/demand dynamics in those markets and result in lower 
transponder capacity pricing. The implementation of national satellite systems may also increase the 
risk that market access for foreign satellite operators will be restricted. In addition, some national 
operators enjoy advantages in their domestic markets, such as tax and regulatory advantages or 
government funding, that are not available to SES. These or other competitive advantages could result 
in a reduction in the Group’s business in such regions.  
The Group’s business is vulnerable to increasing presence from non-traditional Video 
distributors such as Netflix, Amazon, new Direct-to-Consumer (D2C) offers like Disney+ and other 
online video players. While relying on a distribution architecture that does not include satellites, in most 
cases, these players compete directly with SES’s customers and increasingly drive up the costs for 
premium sports and other content for them.  
Developments and competition in the media market could result in a demand reduction for the 
Group’s satellite services and/or pricing changes resulting in a significant negative impact on its

--- Page 24 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
22 
 
 
 
 
 
revenues. Changing consumer behaviour and the emergence of terrestrial technological substitution, 
particularly non-linear over-the-top (OTT) services, could lead to horizontal consolidation among 
satellite service providers and to a reduction in demand for satellite-based distribution.  
SES also faces competition from other forms of communications technology and services, such 
as providers of mobile satellite communications solutions as well as terrestrial (fixed and wireless) 
networks, including cable, fibre optic, digital subscriber line (DSL), radio relay broadcasting, very-
high-frequency/ultra-high-frequency transmission, worldwide interoperability for microwave access 
(WiMAX), advanced Wi-Fi, 2G, 3G, 4G/long-term evolution (LTE) and 5G. Any increase in the 
technical and commercial effectiveness or geographic spread of these competing service providers and 
technologies could result in a reduction in demand for the Group’s satellite service offering and could 
make it more difficult for the Group to retain or develop its customer portfolio. Some terrestrial (fixed 
and wireless) operators may receive state aid and subsidies not available to SES, which could give them 
a competitive advantage over the Group. 
The technological advancement of competitors to bolster cost efficiency and disruption of 
existing business models by non-satellite players, and significant competition between satellite solution 
providers could lead to oversupply, greater pressure on prices or a reduction in the demand for the 
Group’s services, which could negatively impact its profits or revenue.   
Changes in technology or the satellite communications market could make the Group’s satellite 
telecommunications system obsolete or subject to lower or reduced demand. 
Although, on the whole, the satellite communications market has been stable over the past 
years, in the future the market may not grow as much as expected, may not grow at all or it may shrink. 
Technological innovations that serve as alternatives to satellites could render satellite technology 
obsolete or less cost-competitive, and consumer viewing preferences may shift in a way that makes 
other technologies better suited to delivering the broadcast content that currently accounts for a big part 
of the demand for the Group’s commercial offering. The use of new technology to improve signal 
compression rates or changes in consumer preferences (such as increased demand for new forms of 
video distribution, in particular non-linear or linear content provision via broadband technologies by 
existing Pay TV providers or “over-the-top” by new entrants, or increased consumption via devices not 
fed directly or indirectly via satellite), or future trends in viewing not yet anticipated, could lead to a 
reduction in demand for the Group’s satellite capacity and associated services and solutions. Existing 
technologies, such as fibre optic cable, are currently competing with satellite technology and expanding 
their geographic reach and may experience innovations that make them more effective competition for 
satellites. See “The telecommunications market is highly competitive and SES faces competition from 
satellite (GEO and LEO), terrestrial and wireless networks” above. 
Similarly, demand for the current generation and future generations of high definition television 
(HDTV) and ultra-high definition television (UHDTV) which the Group expects to be a major driver 
of demand for satellite capacity in future periods, may fail to reach the levels the Group currently 
expects, which could lead to lower than expected demand for the Group’s capacity. 
If the Group cannot quickly and efficiently adapt to these changes, its satellites could become 
obsolete or less competitive, leading to an inability to retain existing customers or attract new customers, 
a reduction in demand for its services, and a negative impact on revenue. 
Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
Risks Relating to Regulation

--- Page 25 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
23 
 
 
 
 
 
The telecommunications industry is highly regulated. As a result, SES is subject to a number 
of risks, as described below. For more information on the regulation of the satellite industry and 
associated risks, see “Regulation”. 
If the Group or its customers fail to obtain and maintain required regulatory approvals, the Group 
may not be able to operate its existing satellites or maintain or expand its operations.  
The Group must obtain and maintain approvals from authorities to operate or offer satellite 
capacity or services. This often involves significant time and expense. For example, the Group must 
obtain authorisation or market access (i.e., permission to offer services or capacity) in certain countries 
to permit the Group’s satellites to transmit or receive signals to, from or within these countries. The 
failure to obtain or maintain the necessary authorisations to operate satellites or to obtain the requisite 
market access or approvals to provide services in certain countries could lead to loss of revenue. In 
addition, licensing authorities may revoke rights to use frequencies at an orbital location if that orbital 
location is left vacant beyond the period permitted by such regulator. If the Group cannot obtain, is 
delayed in obtaining or does not maintain in good standing, the required regulatory approvals or loses 
authorisations as a result of changes to regulations or other government actions, it may not be able to 
provide existing or future services to customers or expand to new customers or into new services.  
In addition, customers are responsible for obtaining and maintaining certain regulatory 
approvals for their operations. As a result, there may be governmental regulations of which SES is not 
aware or which may adversely affect the operations of customers. The Group could lose revenue if 
customers fail to comply with such approvals, if regulations are changed and customers are unable to 
satisfy the terms of any new regulations, if necessary approvals are not granted on a timely basis or at 
all, in any jurisdictions in which customers wish to operate or provide services or if applicable 
restrictions in those jurisdictions become unduly burdensome.  
The occurrence of any of the risks above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Group’s business is subject to extensive regulation and is sensitive to regulatory changes in each 
of the countries in which it provides services.  
The operation of the Group’s business is and will continue to be subject to the laws and 
regulations of the governmental authorities of the countries where the Group operates, uses radio 
spectrum, offers satellite services and/or capacity. Regulation and legislation is extensive and outside 
the Group’s direct control. New or modified rules, regulations, legislation or decisions by a relevant 
governmental, inter-governmental entity or the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) could 
materially and adversely affect operations.  
In particular, the operations of the Group’s existing satellites are authorised by, among others, 
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (Luxembourg), the United States, the Netherlands, Germany, France, 
the United Kingdom, Gibraltar, the Bailiwick of Jersey (Jersey), Mexico, Canada, Sweden, Bermuda, 
the Andean Community and Brazil, and therefore subject to the regulatory authority of those 
jurisdictions. Although SES believes that the Group is substantially in compliance with regulatory 
requirements in these countries and the countries in which it operates and offers satellite capacity and 
services, there can be no assurance that the Group will maintain the authorisations necessary to operate 
its existing satellites or obtain required authorisations in the future, which would affect future prospects. 
In addition, the Group may in the future become subject to laws and regulations of which it is 
not presently aware. If the Group fails to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, it could lose 
revenue from services provided to the countries covered by those laws and regulations and subject the 
Group to criminal or civil penalties.

--- Page 26 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
24 
 
 
 
 
 
Failure to obtain or maintain the required authorisations described above could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The ITU or national administrations may not allocate orbital slots and associated frequencies to 
permit the Group to maintain or augment its satellite systems, or may restrict the Group’s access to 
frequencies on its satellite systems. 
SES needs access to orbital slots and associated frequencies to permit it to maintain or grow its 
satellite system and service offerings. 
The ITU establishes radio regulations and is responsible for the allocation of spectrum for 
particular uses, and the allocation to particular national administrations of orbital locations and/or 
spectrum. SES can only access spectrum through ITU filings made by national administrations. 
Orbital slots, satellite orbits and associated frequencies are a limited resource. The ITU and 
national regulators may reallocate spectrum from satellite to terrestrial uses. National administrations 
are increasingly charging for access to spectrum by way of fees and auctions. In addition, national 
administrations may revoke SES’s rights to use spectrum, even when SES has an established business 
at a particular orbital location.  
The most recent World Radiocommunication Conference in 2019 did not reallocate significant 
amounts of spectrum from satellite to terrestrial uses. In addition, national administrations are studying 
the alleged spectrum needs of terrestrial mobile and considering the reallocation or increased sharing 
of spectrum used by satellites, which they can do independently of ITU radio regulations so long as 
they avoid international interference. 
Any reallocation of spectrum from satellite to terrestrial uses or fees by national administrations 
may have a significant adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
The Group’s ability to use a satellite at a given orbital location or a satellite system in its orbit and 
assigned frequencies for its proposed service or coverage area may be adversely affected by 
coordination issues. 
Like other satellite operators, SES is required to record, through relevant national 
administrations, frequencies and orbital locations used by its satellites with the ITU and to coordinate 
the operation of its satellites with the satellite networks filed with the ITU through other national 
administrations so as to prevent or reduce harmful interference between its satellites and the satellites 
of other operators. It may not always be possible to achieve successful coordination. This could affect 
the planned operation by SES of its satellites. In certain cases, SES might also be required to coordinate 
any replacement satellite that has performance characteristics which differ from those of the satellite 
that it replaces. 
As a result of such coordination, SES may be required to modify the proposed satellite coverage 
areas or satellite design or transmission plans in order to eliminate or minimise harmful interference 
with other satellites or ground-based facilities. Those modifications may mean that use of a particular 
orbital position or frequencies is restricted, possibly to the extent that it may not be economical to 
replace a satellite. In addition, interference concerns of a country may affect the ability of the Group’s 
satellite network to generate revenue due to the operational restrictions that the country may impose. 
Such operational restrictions may include, but are not limited to, restricting transponder power over the 
intended area, requiring receiving or transmitting earth stations to use a minimum antenna size or using 
steerable coverage to avoid a specific geographical area. 
Similarly, if and to the extent that ITU regulations or other contractual or regulatory constraints 
fail to prevent competing satellite operators from operating their satellites in a manner that causes

--- Page 27 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
25 
 
 
 
 
 
harmful interference with existing or future satellites operated by the Group, the performance of the 
Group’s satellites in the affected areas could be adversely affected. 
Coordination issues with other satellite operators arise from time to time, and the Group may 
not always be able to resolve such issues quickly, or at all, which could lead to reputational harm, loss 
of customers, deterioration of the Group’s relationships with other operators, degradation of signal 
quality resulting from interference from satellites of other operators, operating or design restrictions 
that make the Group’s services in a particular region less competitive or non-economic or limit the 
Group's ability to fully utilise the capabilities of a particular satellite or satellite system, and, to the 
extent an issue is not resolved in the Group’s favour, potential loss of rights. Such issues also expose 
the Group to the risk of litigation. 
Any of the factors above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
If the Group does not occupy unused orbital locations or satellite orbits by specified deadlines, or 
does not maintain satellites in the orbital locations the Group currently uses, those orbital locations 
or satellite orbits may become available for use by other satellite companies. 
Orbital locations, satellite orbits or frequency bands that SES uses or is planning to use may 
become available for other satellite operators to use if SES does not: 
• 
occupy unused orbital locations or satellite orbits by specified deadlines; 
• 
maintain satellites in their orbital locations or satellite orbits; and/or 
• 
operate in all the frequency bands that have been filed at the ITU and for which a licence has 
been received. 
SES has access to orbital locations and satellite orbits that have been filed at the ITU through 
various national administrations. For each filing, the ITU and the national regulators impose conditions 
that must be met in order to secure use of the spectrum and SES must determine, based on those 
conditions, which frequencies it will bring into use and on what schedule. Operational issues like 
satellite launch failure, construction or launch delay or in-orbit failure can compromise SES’s access to 
the spectrum at specific orbital locations and satellite orbits. SES is committed to the highest quality in 
satellite procurement and launch, which helps to reduce this risk. In addition, the Group’s large fleet 
may permit the relocation of in-orbit satellites in order to meet the regulatory conditions. However, 
there is no guarantee that SES will always be able to prevent this risk and the loss of an orbital location 
could have a material adverse effect on SES’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is subject to export control laws including those of the United States which may preclude 
exporting satellites for launch, satellite-related hardware, technology, data and services or preclude 
sourcing these items in the United States. 
The Group must comply with applicable export control laws and regulations including 
applicable U.S. and EU export control laws in connection with any information, data, services, products 
or materials that it provides to, or receives from, companies relating to communications satellites, 
launch vehicles and associated equipment, customer equipment and data related to each. The Group 
may not be able to maintain normal international business activities or meet customer commitments if: 
• 
export licences or approvals cannot be, or are not, obtained or are obtained but later withdrawn 
due to breach of or changes in policy; 
• 
export licences or approvals are not timely obtained;

--- Page 28 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
26 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
export licences or approvals do not permit transfer of some or all items requested; 
• 
launches are not permitted by particular suppliers or in the locations that SES prefers; or 
• 
the requisite licence, when granted, contains conditions or restrictions that pose significant 
commercial or technical issues. 
Such occurrences could impede construction and delay the launch of any future satellites, or 
the delivery of customer services, negatively impacting current or future revenue, which could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group’s ability to provide services in certain countries or to certain customers or end users may 
be restricted or prohibited due to sanctions compliance laws and regulations. 
 
As an international company, SES’s business is subject to applicable financial and trade 
sanctions compliance laws and regulations.  Sanctions laws and regulations restrict SES’s ability to 
provide services or export hardware or software in or to certain countries, persons or specific entities. 
In some cases, SES may be able to obtain an authorisation from the relevant sanctioning country in 
order to provide service that would otherwise be prohibited by sanctions; however, there is no guarantee 
that such authorisation will be granted. As a result, SES may be required to forgo commercial 
opportunities that are subject to sanctions. 
 
SES has policies and systems in place designed to monitor the company’s activities and to 
prevent engaging in prohibited activities or dealing with sanctioned parties. Failure to obtain or maintain 
required sanctions authorisations or failure to comply with applicable sanctions laws and regulations 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business.  
Risks Relating to Finance 
Each of SES and SES Americas is a holding entity. 
SES and SES Americas are holding entities, and each of them conducts substantially all of its 
operations through subsidiaries. As a result, the right to receive payments under the Notes and the 
guarantees will be structurally subordinated to the liabilities of SES’s subsidiaries other than SES 
Americas. The ability of SES or SES Americas to meet their respective financial obligations is 
dependent upon the availability of cash flows from their domestic and foreign subsidiaries and affiliated 
companies through dividends, intercompany advances, management fees and other payments. 
The Notes are obligations of SES or SES Americas, as the case may be, and are guaranteed 
exclusively by either SES Americas or SES, as the case may be. The other subsidiaries of SES and SES 
Americas are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to pay any amounts due on the 
Notes or the guarantees or to provide SES or SES Americas with funds for its payment obligations 
thereunder. As holding entities, the rights of SES and SES Americas to receive any assets of any of 
their subsidiaries upon liquidation or reorganisation, and therefore the right of the holders of the Notes 
to participate in those assets, will be structurally subordinated to those claims (including trade payables) 
of those subsidiaries’ creditors. The Notes and the guarantees do not restrict the ability of those 
subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness or other liabilities. Even if SES or SES Americas were a 
creditor of any of its subsidiaries, its rights as a creditor would be subordinate to any security interest 
in the assets of its subsidiaries and any indebtedness of its subsidiaries might be senior to its rights as a 
creditor. 
Failure to generate cash flow or access other capital resources could force the Group to reduce its 
operations or default on debt service obligations.

--- Page 29 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
27 
 
 
 
 
 
If, for any reason, SES is not successful in implementing its business model, cash flow and 
capital resources may not be sufficient to repay indebtedness. If SES were unable to meet debt service 
obligations or comply with covenants, a default under debt agreements would occur. To avoid a possible 
default or upon a default, SES could be forced to reduce or delay the completion or expansion of the 
satellite fleet, sell assets, obtain additional equity capital or restructure its debt. Any such action could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Negative changes in SES’s credit rating may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial 
condition. 
SES’ credit rating can be affected by a number of factors, including a change in its financial 
policy, a deterioration of its financial credit metrics, a downgrade in the rating agencies’ assessment of 
the business risk profile or a change in rating methodology. A change in SES’ credit rating could affect 
the cost and terms of any new debt, as well as its ability to raise financing. SES’ policy is to attain and 
retain a stable investment grade rating with two of the international reputable credit rating agencies, 
currently, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Fitch) and Moody’s Italia S.r.l. (Moody's).  
 
 
SES and SES Americas are both currently rated BBB by Fitch and Baa2 by Moody's.  
Fitch and Moody’s are established in the European Union and are registered under the CRA 
Regulation. Fitch and Moody’s also appear on the latest available update (as of 24 March 2022) of the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s list of credit rating agencies currently available on its 
website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
The Group’s financial results may be materially adversely affected by unforeseen additional tax 
assessments or other tax liabilities. 
SES does business in many different countries and is subject to tax liabilities on its business 
operations in multiple tax jurisdictions. SES makes provisions in its accounts for current and deferred 
tax liabilities and tax assets based on a continuous assessment of tax laws relating to it. 
SES may become subject to unforeseen material tax claims, including late payment interest 
and / or penalties, and in some cases retroactive tax assessments.  
If the Group becomes subject to a significant amount of unanticipated tax liabilities or has its 
transfer pricing arrangements successfully challenged, it could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s effective tax rate, business, financial condition and results of operations.  
The Group is exposed to liquidity, currency and foreign exchange, interest rate and counterparty 
risks. 
The Group is exposed to risks in relation to liquidity, foreign currency, interest rates, credit risk on 
financial assets, financial credit from counterparties and capital management. For further details, see 
note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for SES for the year ended 31 December 2021, which 
are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Failure to adequately manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with macroeconomic conditions in the global economy, both 
in developing markets and developed markets. 
An economic slowdown in the countries where the Group operates may have a negative effect 
on the Group’s performance if potential customers face difficulties funding their business plans, which 
could in turn delay the onset of new revenue and have an impact on the demand for the Group’s products

--- Page 30 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
28 
 
 
 
 
 
and services. This situation could be further affected by measures concerning the currencies adopted in 
the countries where the Group operates, as well as by political instability and governments’ inability to 
take timely action to deal with the crisis. Most recently, the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has 
dampened economic activity and eroded financial conditions worldwide.  For further information, see 
note 32 to the consolidated financial statements of SES as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
which are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
The Group is exposed to asset impairment risk. 
SES’ intangible assets, satellites and ground segment assets are valued at historical cost less 
amortisation, depreciation and accumulated impairment charges. The resulting carrying values are 
validated each year through impairment testing procedures where they are compared to the discounted 
present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived from the asset. Where future assumptions 
for a specific asset, as set out in the approved Business Plan, become less favourable, or the discount 
rates applied to the future cash flows increase, then this may result in the need for material asset 
impairment charges.  
Risks Relating to an Investment in the Notes 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes which may be issued under the 
Programme. 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the relevant Issuer 
The optional redemption feature is likely to limit the Notes’ market value. During any period 
when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than 
the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to effect such a 
conversion, this will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the relevant 
Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. 
If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, the spread on 
the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate 
in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for

--- Page 31 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
29 
 
 
 
 
 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
The value of and return on any Notes linked to a benchmark may be adversely affected by ongoing 
national and international regulatory reform in relation to benchmarks 
So-called benchmarks such as EURIBOR and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” 
(each a Benchmark and together, the Benchmarks), to which the interest on securities may be linked, 
have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause the relevant benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, 
or have other consequences which may have a material adverse effect on the value of and the amount 
payable under the Notes. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council’s Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the Benchmarks Regulation) which was published in 
the Official Journal on 29 June 2016. Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation 
by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation were further 
amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 
2021 and published in the Official Journal on 12 February 2021 to include a power for regulators to 
designate one or more replacement benchmarks in certain limited circumstances for critical benchmarks 
or systemically important benchmarks where certain triggers are satisfied, relating to non-
representativeness, cessation or orderly wind-down of the benchmark or where its use by supervised 
entities in the EU is no longer permitted. This legislation is also primarily intended to assist contracts 
that do not have fallbacks or do not have suitable fallbacks for permanent cessation. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, 
could have a material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain Benchmarks or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. 
EURIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be 
“benchmarks” are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory reform. Following the 
implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, 
with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or benchmarks could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. The potential elimination of 
any benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration of any benchmark, could require an 
adjustment to the interest provisions of the terms and conditions, or result in other consequences, in 
respect of any Notes linked to such benchmark. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.   
EURIBOR is expected to continue to be published by the EMMI past 2021, using a reformed 
or hybrid methodology, in compliance with the Benchmarks Regulation. However, no assurance can be 
given that this will be the case. The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a 
set of guiding principles and, on 11 May 2021, high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, 
amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. 
The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in

--- Page 32 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
30 
 
 
 
 
 
relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial 
system. 
Notes where denominations involve integral multiples: definitive Notes 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that 
such Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified 
Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing system at 
the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes 
be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a 
Specified Denomination. If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination 
may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Risks related to all Notes issued under the Programme. 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes: 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency 
at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances while the registration 
application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit 
rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
(and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended).  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its 
legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes 
can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase 
or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or 
similar rules.

--- Page 33 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
31 
 
 
 
 
 
Risks related to Taxation. 
U.S. Information Reporting and Withholding Tax May Apply to Notes 
Certain U.S. withholding tax rules under sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), together with agreements described in section 
1471(b)(1) of the Code and intergovernmental agreements implementing such provisions of the Code 
or any laws, regulations, agreements, undertakings or official interpretations implementing any of the 
foregoing (collectively, FATCA), will apply to Notes issued by SES Americas with a maturity of more 
than 183 days. Under these rules payments of interest (including any original issue discount) generally 
will be subject to U.S. withholding tax if paid to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, 
or related requirements under FATCA. These requirements will apply in addition to any requirements 
for avoiding U.S. withholding tax on such payments (see “Taxation—U.S. Taxation of Notes”). Under 
proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, upon which a taxpayer may rely until final U.S. Treasury 
Regulations are issued, payments of principal, premium (if any), and proceeds from the sale, redemption 
or other disposition of Notes issued by SES Americas will not be subject to FATCA withholding. 
Similar rules may apply to payments on Notes issued by SES that are made more than two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” (the Final Passthru 
Regulations) are published in the U.S. Federal Register if (i) such payments are treated as attributable 
to “withholdable payments” (as defined under FATCA) and (ii) such Notes are either (x) issued or 
materially modified after the date falling six months after the date on which the Final Passthru 
Regulations are published in the U.S. Federal Register or (y) treated as equity for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. No additional amounts will be paid in respect of any amounts withheld under FATCA. 
Potential investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the implications of FATCA for their 
investment in Notes, including the implications resulting from the status under these rules of each 
financial intermediary through which they hold Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice  
The Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Prospectus. 
Risks related to the market. 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
Global credit market conditions 
Noteholders should be aware of the prevailing and widely reported global credit market 
conditions (which continue at the date of this Prospectus), whereby there is a general lack of liquidity 
in the secondary market for instruments similar to the Notes. Such lack of liquidity may result in 
investors suffering losses on the Notes in secondary resales even if there is no decline in the performance 
of the assets of the Issuer. The Issuers cannot predict which of these circumstances will change and 
whether, if and when they do change, there will be a more liquid market for the Notes and instruments 
similar to the Notes at that time. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a

--- Page 34 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
32 
 
 
 
 
 
developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or 
have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types 
of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The relevant Issuer may issue Notes in any currency. The relevant Issuer will pay principal and 
interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency 
conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency 
unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield 
on the Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) 
the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less 
interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks relevant to Fixed Rate Notes 
The Issuers may issue notes which pay a fixed rate of interest. Investment in Fixed Rate Notes 
involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 35 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
33 
 
 
 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
The following documents which have previously been published or are published 
simultaneously with this Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus:  
 
(a) 
 the following information set out in the audited consolidated SES financial statements and 
audited non-consolidated SES annual accounts as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 (available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/102876c00451bb47bab365497a85b7ed95  
and http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10d9206ab68a944332a46c44bac47090b5 respectively):  
(i) Consolidated: 
Audit Report 
Pages 3-10 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 11 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 12 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
 
Page 13 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
 
Page 14 
Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity 
Pages 15-16 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
Pages 17-80 
(ii) Non-consolidated: 
Audit Report 
 
Pages 1-5 
Balance Sheet  
Pages 6-7 
Profit and loss account  
Page 8 
Statement of changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 9 
Notes to the annual accounts 
 
Pages 10-32 
The consolidated financial statements are drawn up in accordance with the International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS) and the non-
consolidated annual accounts are drawn up in accordance with the Luxembourg legal and 
regulatory requirements relating to the preparation of the annual accounts (LuxGAAP); 
(b) 
the following information set out in the audited consolidated SES financial statements and 
audited non-consolidated SES annual accounts as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 (available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1059baea5de0154edcacb47ef1d8c16b3e):  
(i) Consolidated financial statements: 
Audit Report 
Pages 92 - 95 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 96 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 97 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
 
Page 98 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
 
Page 99 
Consolidated statement of changes in shareholders’ equity 
Pages 100 - 101 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
Pages 102 - 158

--- Page 36 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
34 
 
 
 
 
 
(ii) Annual accounts: 
Audit Report 
 
Pages 160 - 162 
Balance Sheet  
Page 163 
Profit and loss account  
Page 164 
Statement of changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 165 
Notes to the annual accounts 
 
Pages 166 - 178 
The consolidated financial statements are drawn up in accordance with IFRS and the non-
consolidated annual accounts are drawn up in accordance with LuxGAAP; 
(c) 
the following information set out in the SES Americas consolidated financial statements as of 
and 
for 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
(available 
at 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10e98a03f9a4294fd0822c29570e361721): 
Audit Report 
Pages 2-4 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 5 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 6 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
Page 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Page 8 
Consolidated statement of changes in partners' equity 
Page 9 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 10-53 
The SES Americas consolidated financial statements as of and for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 are drawn up in accordance with IFRS; 
(d) 
the following information set out in the SES Americas consolidated financial statements as of 
and 
for 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(available 
at 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10787cc4eabc7c4f8cb56a64f1f4098eb9) 
Audit Report 
Pages 2-4 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 5 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 6 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
Page 7 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Page 8 
Consolidated statement of changes in partners’ equity 
Page 9 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 10-54 
The SES Americas consolidated financial statements as of, and for the financial year ended, 31 
December 2021 are drawn up in accordance with IFRS; 
(e) 
the section entitled “Operational performance and commentary” set out on page 3 of the 
financial results of SES for the three months ended 31 March 2022 and the section entitled 
“Consolidated Income Statement” on page 4 and the supplementary information on pages 5-6 
(available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10166ea0c7487b4a1ba509492b9e13b8fc);  
(f) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 34 to 64 of the prospectus dated 24 September 2010 
(available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/104ebc316584004acca20cdd248489f923); 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 36 to 66 of the prospectus dated 19 September 2011 
(available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/10f8d3473f8cec4ce6acd58a34c2fee4a2), as amended by 
the supplement dated 25 May 2012 at pages 4 to 5 of such supplement (available at 
http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1062bb4ec47b554ac8b2255b12d54d6298);

--- Page 37 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
35 
 
 
 
 
 
(h) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 44 to 73 of the prospectus dated 15 November 2012 
(available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1075af63907896433c9a436e1d3b596ede); 
(i) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 52 to 85 of the prospectus dated 12 March 2018 
(available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/108f65d287bdcc48808532be25e7e31875);  
(j) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 55 to 88 of the prospectus dated 22 May 2019 
(available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1092f703abb591427288435e65659d3a44); and 
(k) 
the Terms and Conditions set out on pages 56 to 89 of the prospectus dated 29 May 2020 
(available at http://dl.bourse.lu/dlp/1024e45f1b74464be49f72cc65437a1ae5).  
Following the publication of this Prospectus a supplement to the Prospectus may be prepared 
by the Issuers and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 13 of the Prospectus Law. 
Statements contained in any such supplement to the Prospectus (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus can be obtained, without 
charge, during normal business hours, from the registered office of SES at Château de Betzdorf, L-6815 
Betzdorf, Luxembourg, and from the specified offices of the Principal Paying Agent for the time being 
in Luxembourg. This Prospectus and each document incorporated by reference will also be published 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.bourse.lu). 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus shall not form part of this Prospectus. Where only certain parts of the 
documents referred to above are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus, the parts of the document 
which are not incorporated by reference are either not relevant for the prospective investors in the Notes 
or the relevant information is included elsewhere in this Prospectus. The parts of the documents which 
are not incorporated by reference are the parts which are not listed in the above cross reference lists. 
Each of SES and SES Americas will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Prospectus which is capable of affecting 
the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to the Prospectus or publish a new Prospectus for 
use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
36 
 
 
 
 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Financial Data 
Unless otherwise indicated, financial information included in this Prospectus has been prepared 
in accordance with IFRS.  
The Group’s financial year ends on 31 December. 
Rounding 
Some financial information in this Prospectus has been rounded, and as a result the numbers 
shown as totals may vary slightly from the exact arithmetical aggregation of the relevant figures. 
Currency Presentation  
In this Prospectus, references to “€,” “EUR” and “euro” are to the single currency of the 
participating member states (Member States) in the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary 
Union of the Treaty Establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. References 
to “U.S. dollars,” “U.S.$” and “$” are to the United States dollar, the lawful currency of the United 
States of America. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Group presents certain financial measures which are not recognised by IFRS. These 
measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not 
measurements under IFRS or any other body of generally accepted accounting principles, and thus 
should not be considered substitutes for the information contained in the Group’s financial statements. 
Information on the definition, and computation of, the Alternative Performance Measures used 
by the Group are set out in Note 35 to the audited consolidated SES financial statements as of and for 
the financial year ended 31 December 2021, which are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
Constant FX presentation 
To assist investors in isolating the impact of exchange rates on its results and therefore improve 
the comparability of its financial information, the Group reports changes in its operating results on a 
constant currency (constant FX) basis. To do this, the Group reconsolidates figures on a month-by-
month basis by applying the exchange rate used for a given month from the current year to the 
corresponding month in the prior year. For example, January 2021 financial information would be 
reconsolidated using the January 2022 exchange rate.  
The measures presented on a constant currency basis should not be considered in isolation or 
as an alternative to the measures presented on a reported basis on the Group’s income statement or the 
notes thereto and should not be construed as a representation that the relevant currency could be or was 
converted into euro at that rate or at any other rate. 
Constant FX Adjustments: 12-month period ended 31 December 2021 
The following table shows revenue for each of the Group’s verticals for the 12-month periods 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2021. The figures for the 12-month period ended 31 December 2020 are 
provided as reported and on a constant FX basis calculated in the manner described above. It also shows 
the development between the two periods on a reported basis and on a constant FX basis.

--- Page 39 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
37 
 
 
 
 
 
(EUR million) 
For year 
ended 31 
December 
2021 
For year 
ended 31 
December 
2020 
(reported) 
Adjustment to 
constant FX1 
For year 
ended 31 
December 
2020 
(constant 
FX) 
Year on year 
growth 
(reported) 
Year on 
year growth 
(constant 
FX) 
Video 
1,046 
1,108 
-11 
1,097 
-5.6% 
-4.6% 
Fixed Data 
235 
257 
-11 
246 
-8.6% 
-4.5% 
Mobility 
203 
216 
-10 
206 
-6.0% 
-1.5% 
Government 
297 
294 
-9 
285 
+1.0% 
+4.2% 
Networks 
734 
767 
-30 
737 
-4.2% 
-0.4% 
Other 
1 
1 
-- 
1 
-- 
-- 
Total 
1,782 
1,876 
-41 
1,835 
-5.0% 
-2.9% 
 
 
The above information is also provided in respect of the three-month period ended 31 March 
2021 and 2022 in the financial results of SES which are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
In respect of such data, the period average EUR/USD exchange rate in respect of the three-month period 
ended 31 March 2022 was $1.1227. 
Underlying and Periodic Revenue 
“Underlying Revenue” represents the core business of capacity sales, as well as associated 
services and equipment. This is impacted by changes in launch schedule and satellite health status. For 
the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 the Underlying Revenue for Video, as reported, was 
€1,108 million and €1,046 million respectively, and for Networks was €759 million and €734 million 
respectively. 
“Periodic Revenue” separates revenues that are not directly related to, or would distort, the 
underlying business trends. This includes, for example, the outright sale of capacity; termination fees; 
insurance proceeds; certain interim satellite missions and other such items when material. For the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2021, Periodic Revenue for Video was €nil, and for Networks was €8 
million and €1 million respectively. 
SES believes that providing the split between “Underlying” and “Periodic” revenue is a helpful 
indicator to investors given that periodic revenues can distort the underlying business trends.  
“Underlying” and “Periodic” revenue for the three-month period ended 31 March 2021 and 
2022 is disclosed in the financial results of SES for the three months ended 31 March 2022 which are 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
 
 
 
1  See “–Constant FX presentation” above. The 2021 average EUR/USD exchange rate was $1.1894.

--- Page 40 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
38 
 
 
 
 
 
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 
The following information presents certain financial and other operating data in relation to SES 
and SES Americas and should be read in conjunction with the respective financial statements which are 
incorporated in this Prospectus by reference. 
 
Selected Audited Consolidated Financial Information of SES as of,  
and for the 12-month period ended, 31 December  
(amounts in millions of Euro) 
 
 
2020 
2021 
Revenue 
1,876 
1,782 
Total Equity 
5,438 
5,733 
Net Debt 
2,768 
2,532 
Total Assets 
12,387 
13,081 
 
Selected Audited Consolidated Financial Information of SES Americas as of,  
and for the 12-month period ended, 31 December 
 (amounts in millions of US Dollar) 
 
 
2020 
2021 
Revenue and other income 
482 
1,530 
Total Assets 
1,573 
2,733 
Equity attributable to the partners 
175 
650 
Net debt 
467 
464

--- Page 41 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
39 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, operating profit, operating profit margin and 
free cash flow before financing activities of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2021 
Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, operating profit, operating profit margin and 
free cash flow before financing activities of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2021 
are set out in the below table and are reconciled to the relevant statement of financial position and 
income statement line items from which they are derived in Note 35 to the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Group as of, and for the year ended, 31 December 2021, which are incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. 
(EUR million) 
2020 (reported) 
2021 
Adjusted EBITDA2 
1,152 
1,091 
Adjusted EBITDA margin 
61.4% 
61.2% 
Operating profit3 
82 
468 
Operating profit margin 
4.4% 
26.3% 
Free cash flow before financing activities 
832 
1,011 
 
The reconciliations of free cash flow before financing activities of the Group for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2021 are set out in the below table and are reconciled to the relevant statement of 
cash flows line items from which they are derived: 
(EUR million) 
2020 (reported) 
2021 
Net cash generated by operating activities 
1,049 
1,294 
Net cash absorbed by investing activities 
(217) 
(283) 
Free cash flow before financing activities 
832 
1,011 
 
 
 
 
2 Adjusted EBITDA on a constant FX basis was €1,128 million for the 12-month period ended 31 December 2020 
(the 2021 average EUR/USD exchange rate was $1.1894). The Adjusted EBITDA margin on a constant FX 
basis was 61.2 per cent. for the 12-month period ended 31 December 2020. 
3 Operating profit on a constant FX basis was €65 million for the 12-month period ended 31 December 2020 (the 
2021 average EUR/USD exchange rate was $1.1894).

--- Page 42 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
40 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, operating profit and operating profit margin of 
the Group for the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 2022  
Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, operating profit and operating profit margin of 
the Group for the three months ended 31 March 2021 and 2022 are set out in the below table and, in the 
case of Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, operating profit and operating profit margin, 
reconciled to the relevant income statement line items from which they are derived in the table on page 
5 of the financial results of SES for the three months ended 31 March 2022, which are incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus. 
(EUR million) 
Three-month period 
ended 31 March 2021 
(reported) 
Three-month period 
ended 31 March 2022 
Adjusted EBITDA4 
268 
274 
Adjusted EBITDA margin 
61.4% 
61.3% 
Operating profit5 
101 
107 
Operating profit margin6 
23.2% 
23.9% 
 
 
 
 
4 Adjusted EBITDA on a constant FX basis was €278 million for the three-month period ended 31 March 2021 
(the period average EUR/USD exchange rate from January to March 2022 was $1.1227). Adjusted EBITDA 
margin on a constant FX basis was therefore 61.2 per cent. for the three-month period ended 31 March 2021. 
5 Operating profit on a constant FX basis was €104 million for the three-month period ended 31 March 2021 (the 
period average EUR/USD exchange rate from January to March 2022 was $1.1227). 
6 For the three-month period ended 31 March 2022, calculated by taking operating profit of €107 million (which 
is in turn reconciled back to relevant financial statement line items on page 4 of the financial results of SES 
for the three months ended 31 March 2022, which are incorporated by reference in this Prospectus) as a 
percentage of revenue of €448 million. For the three-month period ended 31 March 2021, calculated by taking 
operating profit of €101 million (which is in turn reconciled back to relevant financial statement line items on 
page 5 of the financial results of SES for the three months ended 31 March 2021, which are incorporated by 
reference in this Prospectus) as a percentage of reported revenue of €436 million.

--- Page 43 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
41 
 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA of the Group 
 
The following table reconciles the reported Net Debt to Adjusted Net Debt and shows the 
computation of the Adjusted Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio.  
 
(EUR million) 
For the year ended  
31 December 2020 
For the year ended 31 
December 2021 
Adjusted EBITDA 
1,152 
1,091 
 
As of 31 December 
2020 
As of 31 December 
2021 
Reported Net Debt 
2,768 
2,532 
50 per cent. of hybrid bonds 
650 
588 
Adjusted Net Debt 
3,418 
3,120 
 
As of 31 December 
2020 
As of 31 December 
2021 
Adjusted Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio 
2.97 
2.86 
 
(EUR million) 
For the twelve-month 
period ended 31 March 
2021 
For the twelve-month 
period ended 31 March 
2022 
Twelve-month rolling Adjusted EBITDA 7 
1,132 
1,097 
 
As of 31 March 2021 
As of 31 March 2022 
Reported Net Debt 
2,836 
2,854 
50 per cent. of hybrid bonds 
650 
588 
Adjusted Net Debt 
3,486 
3,442 
 
As of 31 March 2021 
As of 31 March 2022 
Adjusted Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio 
3.08 
3.14 
 
 
7 For the last twelve-month period ended 31 March 2022, calculated by taking Adjusted EBITDA for the three 
months ended 31 March 2022 of €274 million, adding Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended 31 December 
2021 of €1,091 million and deducting Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended 31 March 2021 of €268 
million and for the last twelve-month period ended 31 March 2021 calculated by taking Adjusted EBITDA 
for the three months ended 31 March 2021 of €268 million, adding Adjusted EBITDA for the year ended 31 
December 2020 of €1,152 million and deducting Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended 31 March 
2020 of €288 million.

--- Page 44 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
42 
 
 
 
 
 
Certain Financial Measures in relation to SES Americas 
In respect of Notes issued by SES, the Guarantee contains provisions which, for so long as SES 
Americas remains Guarantor, permit a termination of the Guarantee provided that, among other matters, 
the Total Assets (as defined in the Conditions) of SES Americas, as of the end of the previous two Fiscal 
Periods (as defined in the Conditions) prior to the date of such termination, represented less than 10 per 
cent. of the Total Assets of SES and the EBITDA (as defined in the Conditions) of the Guarantor, in 
respect of the previous two Fiscal Periods prior to the date of such termination, represented less than 10 
per cent. of the EBITDA of SES.  
 
 
As of, and for the year 
ended, 31 December 
20208 
As of, and for the year 
ended, 31 December 
20219 
SES Americas EBITDA ($m) 
85 
737 
SES Americas EBITDA (€m) 
75 
620 
Percentage of Group EBITDA 
6.9% 
33.3% 
SES Americas Total Assets ($m) 
1,573 
2,733 
SES Americas Total Assets (€m) 
1,282 
2,413 
Percentage of Group Total Assets 
10.3% 
18.4% 
Indebtedness of the Group 
 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group had a debt profile with an average maturity of 7.5 years 
and an average cost of 2.9 per cent. per annum. The Group’s liquidity position was €2,249 million as 
of 31 December 2021, taking into account cash and cash equivalents of €1,049 million as of 31 
December 2021 combined with the Group’s fully undrawn syndicated multi-currency loan facility of 
€1,200 million. 
 
8 Conversion of US$ to € at the 2020 average rate of $1.1384 and closing rate of $1.2271 
9 Conversion of US$ to € at the 2021 average rate of $1.1894 and closing rate of $1.1326

--- Page 45 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
43 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons 
attached, or registered form, without interest coupons attached. Notes will be issued outside the United 
States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be issued in the form of a temporary bearer global 
note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
bearer global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note, and together with the Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, the Bearer Global Notes) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated 
in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche 
to a common safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(ii) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior 
to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of 
principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made against presentation (unless the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is in NGN form) of the Temporary Bearer Global Note and in any event only to the extent 
that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such 
Bearer Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on 
the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent; provided, however, that no such 
certification will be required for (a) Notes issued by SES Americas which (i) have an initial maturity of 
183 days or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend), (ii) a minimum 
denomination of U.S.$500,000 (or the equivalent amount of another currency, determined based on the 
spot exchange rate on the date of issue) and (iii) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, are intended 
to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.6049-5(b)(10), or (b) Notes issued by SES that, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, are issued in compliance with the procedures of U.S. Treasury 
Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the Code) (the TEFRA C Rules). On and after the date (the 
Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, interests in such 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms either for (a) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or 
(b) for definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, 
to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case (other than (x) Notes 
issued by SES Americas which (i) have an initial maturity of 183 days or less (taking into consideration 
unilateral rights to roll or extend), (ii) a minimum denomination of U.S.$500,000 (or the equivalent 
amount of another currency, determined based on the spot exchange rate on the date of issue) and (iii) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, are intended to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulation section 
1.6049-5(b)(10), or (y) Notes issued by SES that, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, are issued 
in compliance with the procedures of the TEFRA C Rules). The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for

--- Page 46 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
44 
 
 
 
 
 
an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or 
refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global 
Note will be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg against presentation or surrender 
(as the case may be) (unless the Permanent Bearer Global Note is in NGN form) of the Permanent 
Bearer Global Note and in any event without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where 
applicable, interest coupons and talons attached only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For 
these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10) has 
occurred and is continuing, or (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer 
has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event 
of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after 
the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.  
SES Americas will not issue any Bearer Notes with a maturity of more than 183 days (taking 
into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend). All Notes issued by SES Americas with a maturity 
of more than 183 days (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend) will be Registered 
Notes (as defined below). 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes that are issued by SES in compliance with 
the TEFRA D rules, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and on all interest coupons relating to 
such Notes: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE 
SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, 
INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The following legend will appear on all Notes issued by SES Americas which (i) have an initial 
maturity of 183 days or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend), (ii) a minimum 
denomination of U.S.$500,000 (or the equivalent amount of another currency, determined based on the 
spot exchange rate on the date of issue) and (iii) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, are intended 
to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.6049-5(b)(10): 
“BY ACCEPTING THIS OBLIGATION, THE HOLDER REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS 
THAT IT IS NOT A UNITED STATES PERSON (OTHER THAN AN EXEMPT RECIPIENT 
DESCRIBED IN SECTION 6049(B)(4) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE AND THE 
REGULATIONS THEREUNDER) AND THAT IT IS NOT ACTING FOR OR ON BEHALF OF A 
UNITED STATES PERSON (OTHER THAN AN EXEMPT RECIPIENT DESCRIBED IN SECTION 
6049(B)(4) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE AND THE REGULATIONS THEREUNDER).” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains

--- Page 47 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
45 
 
 
 
 
 
treatment of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such 
Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
Registered Notes 
Each Tranche of Registered Notes will initially be represented by a global note in registered 
form (a Registered Global Note). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a Common Depositary or a Common 
Safekeeper, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and registered in the name of a common 
nominee of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common 
Safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in 
Registered Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances 
described below, to receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined 
in Condition 6.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the relevant Issuer, 
the relevant Guarantor, any Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in 
definitive form will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the 
Register on the relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4) immediately preceding the due date 
for payment in the manner provided in that Condition.  
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in 
part, for definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease 
business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) 
the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer will 
promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered 
Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence 
of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of 
the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note may, subject to compliance with all applicable 
restrictions, be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such interest in another Registered Global 
Note. No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such 
interest, except in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, in each case to the extent applicable. Registered Notes are also subject to the restrictions

--- Page 48 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
46 
 
 
 
 
 
on transfer set forth therein and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions; see “Subscription and 
Sale”.  
General  
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), 
the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is 
intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes, the Notes of such further Tranche 
shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN 
assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or as may otherwise be approved by the relevant Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in 
Condition 10. In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the 
Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions of such Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with 
the provisions of the Global Note then the Global Note will become void at 8.00 p.m. (London time) on 
such day. At the same time, holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their accounts with 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed directly 
against the relevant Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) 
dated 19 October 2016 and executed by the relevant Issuer.

--- Page 49 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
47 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be included into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note by reference, in the latter case only if permitted 
by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will 
have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes shall complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of 
such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or 
attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Form of the Notes” 
for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in 
relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by SES (SES) or SES Global 
Americas Holdings Inc. (SES Americas and together with SES, the Issuers and each an Issuer) pursuant 
to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). If this Note is issued by SES it shall, subject to the matters 
set out in Condition 17, be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by SES Americas and if this 
Note is issued by SES Americas it shall be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by SES (each in 
such capacity a Guarantor). 
The Notes may be issued in bearer form (Bearer Notes) or in registered form (Registered 
Notes), as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note in bearer form (a Bearer Global 
Note) or in registered form (a Registered Global Note and, together with the Bearer 
Global Notes, the Global Notes), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified 
Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form issued in exchange for a Bearer Global Note; and  
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Registered Global Note). 
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such 
Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 23 May 2022 and made between SES Americas in its capacity both as Issuer and as 
Guarantor of Notes issued by SES, SES in its capacity both as Issuer and as Guarantor of Notes issued 
by SES Americas, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor 
agent), and together with any additional or successor paying agents, the Paying Agents), BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor registrars) and as transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein 
(together with the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor transfer agents). The expression “Agents” shall mean any Paying Agent, Transfer Agent and 
the Registrar or any one of them, each an “Agent”.  
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, if indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms, talons for further Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein 
to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to 
Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.

--- Page 50 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
48 
 
 
 
 
 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Final Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
Conditions) and may simplify the Conditions by dis-applying the non-applicable provisions. References 
to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
The payment of all amounts in respect of this Note have been guaranteed by the relevant 
Guarantor pursuant to a guarantee (the Guarantee) dated (i) 6 December 2005 (as amended and restated 
on 28 October 2009, 27 September 2010, 15 November 2012, 4 October 2013, 3 October 2014, 23 
September 2015, 19 October 2016 and 12 March 2018), in the case of SES Americas and (ii) 6 
December 2005 (as amended and restated on 28 October, 2009, 27 September 2010, 15 November 
2012, 4 October 2013, 3 October 2014, 23 September 2015 and 19 October 2016) in the case of SES, 
and in each case executed by the relevant Guarantor. The original of the Guarantee is held by the 
Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the Couponholders at its specified office.  
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) the bearers for the time being of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the 
persons in whose name the Notes for the time being are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to Couponholders 
shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the 
holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, 
Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (the 
Deed of Covenant) dated 19 October 2016 and made by the Issuer. The original of the Deed of Covenant 
is held by the common depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as 
defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of 
the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered office of SES at Château de 
Betzdorf, L-6815 Betzdorf and at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) save that, if this Note is 
neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation, as amended, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Noteholder 
holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuers or to 
the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the 
detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement 
and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 51 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
49 
 
 
 
 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
Specified Currency and the Specified Denomination(s) and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially 
numbered. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. Holders of 
Registered Notes in definitive form may exchange such Notes for interests in a Registered Global Note 
of the same Series at any time (save that holders of Bearer Notes issued by SES will have the right to 
exchange such Notes for “registered notes” in the manner and form contemplated within the provisions 
of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended (Luxembourg 
Company Law)). 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero Coupon Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title 
to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and the Agents will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of 
any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Bearer Global Note held on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) or 
by a Registered Global Note, registered in the name of a nominee for a common depository or common 
safekeeper for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose 
the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global 
Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
SES Americas will not issue Notes with an initial maturity of more than 183 days (taking into 
consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend) unless the relevant Global Notes are Registered Global 
Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
50 
 
 
 
 
 
In the case of Registered Notes issued by SES only, the Issuer will maintain a register of holders 
of Registered Notes at its registered office in accordance with the provisions of Luxembourg Company 
Law, as amended, which shall match the Register with regard to the entries therein. In the event of any 
discrepancies between the Register and the register held by the Issuer at its registered office, the register 
held by the Issuer at its registered office shall prevail for Luxembourg law purposes.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions which, in the case of Registered Notes issued by 
SES only, oblige the Registrar to promptly provide an updated copy of the Register to SES on the issue 
date of a relevant Series of Registered Notes and at any time following any amendment to the Register, 
in order to allow SES to update the register held by it at its registered office to reflect the Register. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees 
of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Registered Notes in definitive form or 
for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same Series, in each case only in the 
Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules 
and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.  
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form  
Subject to the below (in relation to registration of transfers upon partial redemption, costs of registration 
and exchanges and transfers of Registered Notes generally), upon the terms and subject to the conditions 
set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or 
in part (in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the applicable Final Terms and provided that, if 
transferred in part, the aggregate nominal amount of the balance of that definitive Registered Note not 
so transferred is an amount of at least the minimum Specified Denomination(s)). In order to effect any 
such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the 
transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders 
thereof or its or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit such 
other certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and 
careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the 
request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar 
may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 4 to the Agency 
Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication 
and delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured 
mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will 
be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor.

--- Page 53 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
51 
 
 
 
 
 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption  
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial redemption.  
2.4 
Costs of registration  
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or 
other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration and/or transfer. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding: 
(a) 
the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or 
other security interest (each a Security Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of its 
present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer, in 
the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any 
other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and the Coupons are secured by 
the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; 
or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes 
the giving of a Security Interest) is provided in favour of the Noteholders; 
as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders; and 
(b) 
the Guarantor will ensure that no Relevant Indebtedness of the Guarantor or any of its 
Subsidiaries (as defined below) will be secured by any Security Interest upon, or with 
respect to, any of the present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including any uncalled capital) of the Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries unless the

--- Page 54 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
52 
 
 
 
 
 
Guarantor, in the case of the creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time 
and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Guarantee are secured by the Security 
Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or guarantee or other arrangement (whether or 
not it includes the giving of a Security Interest) is provided in favour of the 
Noteholders as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders. 
4.2 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
(a) 
Relevant Indebtedness means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being 
principal, premium, interest or other amounts) for or in respect of any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are, or are capable of 
being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or 
other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such 
indebtedness; and 
(b) 
Subsidiary means, in relation to the Issuer or the Guarantor, any individual, 
partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated 
organisation (i) in which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor holds a 
majority of the voting rights or (ii) of which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor is a member and has the right to appoint or remove a majority of the board 
of directors or (iii) of which the Issuer or the Guarantor is a member and controls a 
majority of the voting rights, and includes any individual, partnership, corporation, 
limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organisation which is a 
Subsidiary of a Subsidiary of the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) 
per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment 
Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon 
Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in 
respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:

--- Page 55 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
53 
 
 
 
 
 
 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or in the case 
of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(a) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
Accrual Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (I) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (II) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the 
number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; 
and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of 
days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided 
by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
Calculation Amount means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on

--- Page 56 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
54 
 
 
 
 
 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date); and 
sub unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes  
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such 
interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest 
Payment Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months 
or other period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period (which expression shall, in the 
Conditions, mean the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date) unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) 
in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (b)(ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis 
or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest 
Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or

--- Page 57 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
55 
 
 
 
 
 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each Additional Business Centre 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than 
euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest - Screen Rate/Reference Bank Determination 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) (the Specified Time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered quotation appears 
or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified 
Time, the Principal Paying Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal 
Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference 
Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more 
of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Principal 
Paying Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent determines as 
being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by the

--- Page 58 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
56 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the 
Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a 
period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in  the Euro-
zone inter-bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the relevant Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Principal Paying Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market plus or minus 
(as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
For purposes of this Condition Reference Banks means the principal Euro-zone office of four major 
banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer or as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and Relevant Screen Page means such page, section, caption, column or other 
part of a particular information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or any 
successor or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service). 
(c) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable in respect 
of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal 
Paying Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are 
available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no 
rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
For purposes of this Condition Applicable Maturity means the period of time designated in the 
Reference Rate.  
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.

--- Page 59 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
57 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such 
Global Note; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount;  
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 60 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
58 
 
 
 
 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number is 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(
)


(
)

(
)
360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y
−
+
−

+
−

 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the 
Interest Period falls;

--- Page 61 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
59 
 
 
 
 
 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the 
last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such 
number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of 
each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2, whether by 
the Principal Paying Agent shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error or proven 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Paying Agents and 
all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 62 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
60 
 
 
 
 
 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or, at the 
option of the payee, by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other 
account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or, at the 
option of the payee, by a euro cheque. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in 
the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its 
territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, 
the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the 
sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will 
be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time 
before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such 
principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if 
later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall 
be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note 
which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment

--- Page 63 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
61 
 
 
 
 
 
Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the 
nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if 
any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as 
the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Bearer Global Note 
in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Bearer Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made against 
presentation or surrender of any Bearer Global Note, distinguishing between any payment of principal 
and any payment of interest, will be made on such Bearer Global Note either by the Paying Agent to 
which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.  
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of 
each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will (subject as provided below and to the 
provisions of Condition 6.5) be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of 
the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined 
below) of the Noteholder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the 
register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system are open for business) before the relevant due date, 
and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth calendar day (or, if such 
fifteenth day is not a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of 
the Registrar is located, the first such day prior to such fifteenth day) before the relevant due date (in 
each case, the Record Date). Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (a) a holder does not have a 
Designated Account or (b) the principal amount of the Notes held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 
(or its approximate equivalent in any other Specified Currency), payment will instead be made by a 
cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank (as defined below). For these purposes, 
Designated Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-
resident of Japan, shall be a non- resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and 
identified as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified 
Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be (i) 
Sydney or (ii) Auckland or Wellington, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank 
which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made 
by a cheque in the Specified Currency drawn on a Designated Bank and mailed by uninsured mail on 
the business day in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located immediately preceding 
the relevant due date to the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing 
in the Register at the close of business on the Record Date at its address shown in the Register on the 
Record Date and at its risk. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Registrar not 
less than three business days in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located before the 
due date for any payment of interest in respect of a Registered Note, the payment may be made by 
transfer on the due date in the manner provided in the preceding paragraph. Any such application for

--- Page 64 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
62 
 
 
 
 
 
transfer shall be deemed to relate to all future payments of interest (other than interest due on 
redemption) in respect of the Registered Notes which become payable to the holder who has made the 
initial application until such time as the Registrar is notified in writing to the contrary by such holder. 
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption will be made in the same 
manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Note. 
Holders of Registered Notes will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Note as a result of a cheque posted in accordance 
with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or 
expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments of principal or 
interest in respect of the Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global 
Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership 
interests. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial 
holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by 
the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or interest in 
respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or 
other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. 
dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the 
opinion of the Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is:

--- Page 65 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
63 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in: 
(i) 
the relevant place of presentation (save, in the case of a Global Note, where 
presentation is not required); and 
(ii) 
each Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in 
euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
in relation to Zero Coupon Notes, the Amortised Face Amount (as defined in Condition 
7.6); and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, 
each as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on 
giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as

--- Page 66 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
64 
 
 
 
 
 
the case may be, and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 or the 
Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control to procure payment by the 
Issuer and in making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, 
in each case as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a 
Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, a certificate signed by two Authorised 
Signatories of the Issuer or, as the case may be, two Authorised Signatories of the Guarantor stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that 
the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of 
independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. In these Conditions, Authorised Signatory has the meaning given to it in the Agency 
Agreement. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.6 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a) 
not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14; and 
(b) 
not less than 10 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (a) above, notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case of a redemption of Registered Notes, the 
Registrar; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount 
not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, 
in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of 
Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg

--- Page 67 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
65 
 
 
 
 
 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such 
date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published 
in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No 
exchange of the relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the 
Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.3 and notice 
to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 at least 
five days prior to the Selection Date. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call and Issuer Make Whole 
Call)  
(a) 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Par Call 
Redemption Date)), redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time during the 
period commencing on (and including) the day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity 
Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date, at the Final Redemption Amount thereof 
together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the Par Call Redemption Date. 
(b) 
If Issuer Make Whole Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
on giving not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the Make Whole 
Optional Redemption Date)), redeem the Notes in whole, but not in part, at the Make 
Whole Redemption Price together with interest accrued (if any) to (but excluding) the 
Make Whole Optional Redemption Date. 
In this Condition: 
Determination Agent means an independent investment bank, financial institution or financial 
adviser of international standing appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining the 
Make Whole Redemption Price; 
Make Whole Redemption Price means, in respect of each Note, (a) the nominal amount of such 
Note or, if this is higher, (b) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding 
of such Note to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Note (exclusive of 
interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual 
basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference 
Dealer Rate (as defined below) plus any applicable Margin specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in each case as determined by the Determination Agent; 
Reference Dealers means those Reference Dealers specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reference Dealer Rate means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make Whole 
Optional Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield 
to maturity of the Reference Stock specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if the Reference 
Stock is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement of the Reference 
Dealers, at the Determination Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the 
Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms quoted in writing to the 
Determination Agent by the Reference Dealers; and

--- Page 68 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
66 
 
 
 
 
 
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if 
Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
remaining term up to the Par Call Period Commencement Date as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and 
including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 
7.4(b). 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 10 nor more than 30 days’ notice the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at 
any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar 
(a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be 
made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount 
of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note 
in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, 
following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. If this Note is represented 
by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to 
exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, within the notice 
period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Common Depositary or Common 
Safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time and, if this Note is represented 
by a Global Note, at the same time present or procure the presentation of the relevant Global Note to 
the Principal Paying Agent for notation accordingly. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.5 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 10. 
7.5A 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Investor Put)  
If Change of Control Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms and at any time while any 
Note remains outstanding there occurs (i) a Change of Control and within the Change of Control Period 
(if at the time that the Change of Control occurs the Notes are rated by a Rating Agency) a Rating 
Downgrade in respect of that Change of Control occurs; or (ii) a Change of Control (if at such time the 
Notes are not rated) (in either case, a Put Event), the holder of each Note will have the option (unless,

--- Page 69 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
67 
 
 
 
 
 
prior to the giving of the Put Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Notes 
under Condition 7.2) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) that Note on the Change of Control Redemption Date (Put) (as defined below) at the 
Change of Control Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved by the 
Board of Directors or Executive Committee of the Issuer) that any person (the Relevant Person) or 
persons acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any such person(s), at any time 
directly or indirectly acquire(s) (A) more than 50 per cent of the issued or allotted ordinary share capital 
of the Issuer or (B) such number of the shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50 per cent 
of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer, provided that a Change of 
Control shall not be deemed to have occurred if all or substantially all of the shareholders of the Relevant 
Person are, or immediately prior to the event which would otherwise have constituted a Change of 
Control were, the shareholders of the Issuer with the same (or substantially the same) pro-rata interests 
in the share capital of the Relevant Person as such shareholders have, or as the case may be, had, in the 
share capital of the Issuer. 
Change of Control Period means the period ending 120 days after the public announcement of the 
Change of Control having occurred. 
Rating Agency means Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or Moody's Italia S.r.l. and their respective 
successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time 
by the Issuer. 
A Rating Downgrade shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if within the 
Change of Control Period the rating previously assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency is (x) 
withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective equivalents 
for the time being, or better) to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents 
for the time being, or worse) or (z) if the rating previously assigned to the Notes by any Rating Agency 
shall be below an investment grade rating (as described above), lowered one full rating category (for 
example from BB+ to BB or such similar lower or equivalent rating), provided that a Rating Downgrade 
otherwise arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in 
respect of a particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating to which 
this definition would otherwise apply does not publicly announce or publicly confirm that the reduction 
was the result, in whole or part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or 
in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a 
Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option contained in 
this Condition 7.5A. To exercise the option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of a 
Note under this Condition 7.5A the holder of that Note must, if the Note is in definitive form and held 
outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver such Note, on any Business Day (as defined 
in Condition 5.2) in the city of the specified office of the relevant Paying Agent falling within the period 
(the Put Period) of 45 days after a Put Event Notice is given, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent, accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Option Notice) and in which 
the holder may specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.5A accompanied by the Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be 
held to its order or under its control. 
The Paying Agent to which such Note and Put Notice are delivered will issue to the Noteholder 
concerned a non-transferable receipt (a Put Option Receipt) in respect of the Note so delivered. The

--- Page 70 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
68 
 
 
 
 
 
Issuer shall redeem or at the option of the Issuer purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Notes in 
respect of which Put Option Receipts have been issued on the date which is the seventh day after the 
last day of the Put Period (the Change of Control Redemption Date (Put)), unless previously redeemed 
and purchased. Payment in respect of any Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly specified 
a bank account in the Put Option Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Change of Control 
Redemption Date (Put) by transfer to that bank account and in every other case on or after the Change 
of Control Redemption Date (Put), in each case against presentation and surrender or (as the case may 
be) endorsement of such Put Option Receipt at the specified office of any Paying Agent in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 7.5A. 
If the Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase 
of a Note under this Condition 7.5A the holder of the Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to 
the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on this instruction by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper for them to the Principal 
Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
from time to time. 
7.6 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10, each Note will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof; in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon 
Note) with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater than the 
Issue Price or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the 
Note is denominated, at the amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified 
in, the applicable Final Terms or, if no such amount or manner is so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at an amount (the Amortised Face Amount) 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 
(
)y
AY
1
RP
+

 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
 
y 
is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days 
(calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days 
each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator of 
which is 360, 
or on such other calculation basis as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 71 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
69 
 
 
 
 
 
7.7 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor may at any time purchase 
Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) for cancellation. 
7.8 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.7 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold. 
7.9 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon Note 
pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4(a), 7.4(b) or 7.5 above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 11 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect 
of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.6(b) above as 
though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. 
7.10 
Multiple Notices 
If more than one notice of redemption is given pursuant to this Condition 7, the first of such notices to 
be given shall prevail. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future 
taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received 
by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties 
in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or

--- Page 72 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
70 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6); or 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is required to be made on a payment to an 
individual beneficial owner resident in Luxembourg in accordance with the provisions 
of the Luxembourg law dated 23 December 2005, as amended; or 
(d) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to an agreement described in 
section 1471(b) of the Code, or is otherwise imposed pursuant to sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code and any regulations, agreements or undertakings thereunder or 
official interpretations thereof or other law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto; or  
(e) 
in the case of Notes (other than Notes with a maturity of 183 days or less (taking into 
consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend)) issued by SES Americas, presented 
for payment by or on behalf of (i) any 10 per cent shareholder of SES Americas within 
the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, (ii) any controlled foreign 
corporation related to SES Americas within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the 
Code or (iii) any bank whose acquisition of Notes constitutes an extension of credit 
pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its business, or (iv) 
any holder, any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been 
imposed or withheld but for the failure of the holder, if required, to comply with 
certification, identification or information reporting or any other requirements under 
United States income tax laws and regulations, without regard to any tax treaty, with 
respect to the payment, concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection 
with the United States of the holder or a beneficial owner of such Note, Coupon or 
Talon, if such compliance is required by United States income tax laws and regulations, 
without regard to any tax treaty, as a precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, 
assessment or governmental charge, including, failure of the or of the beneficial owner 
of such Note, Coupon, or Talon to provide a valid U.S. IRS Form W-8 (or successor 
form) or other documentation as permitted by official IRS guidance. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
Tax Jurisdiction means Luxembourg or the United States or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the case of payments by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be); and 
(ii) 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the 
Principal Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the 
full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless 
presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case 
of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor.

--- Page 73 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
71 
 
 
 
 
 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon 
the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the Notes 
or any of them and the default continues for a period of three days from the due date 
for payment thereof; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under the Conditions or the Guarantee and the failure continues unremedied for 30 days 
after written notice thereof, addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor by any 
Noteholder, has been delivered to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or 
(c) 
(i) 
any Indebtedness of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Subsidiary is not paid 
when due or (as the case may be) within any originally applicable grace period; 
(ii) 
any such Indebtedness becomes (or becomes capable of being declared) due 
and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise than at the option of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or (as the case may be) the relevant Subsidiary or 
(provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any 
person entitled to such Indebtedness; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Subsidiary fails to pay when due any 
amount payable by it under any guarantee of any Indebtedness; 
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or sub-
paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any guarantee referred to in sub-
paragraph (iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds €50,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies) and provided further that for purposes 
of this paragraph (c), neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any Subsidiary shall be 
deemed to be in default with respect to such Indebtedness or guarantee of any 
Indebtedness if it shall be contesting in good faith by appropriate means its liability to 
make payment thereunder and has been advised by legal advisers of internationally 
recognised standing that it is reasonable for it to do so; or  
(d) 
a secured party takes possession, or a receiver, manager or other similar officer is 
appointed, of the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary and such action is not stayed or 
discharged within 21 days; or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or effective resolution passed for the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary 
(otherwise than in the case of SES Americas: (i) for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring while solvent and pursuant to which SES 
assumes all of the assets, liabilities and obligations of SES Americas; or (ii) in the case 
of Notes issued by SES, after a termination of the Guarantee in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 17); or 
(f) 
the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent or is unable to 
pay its debts as they fall due, (ii) an administrator or liquidator of the Issuer, the

--- Page 74 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
72 
 
 
 
 
 
Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary or the whole or any part of the undertaking, assets 
and revenues of the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary is appointed, or 
(iii) the Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary takes any action for a 
readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or 
an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Indebtedness 
given by it; or 
(g) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the United States of America or the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in 
paragraphs (d) to (f) above; or 
(h) 
if the Issuer or the Guarantor or any Subsidiary (i) ceases or threatens to cease to carry 
on a Major Part of the business of the Group; or (ii) sells, transfers or otherwise disposes 
of a Major Part of the assets of the Group, unless either (A) such cessation, sale, transfer 
or disposal is for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation 
or other similar arrangement not involving the insolvency of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or such Subsidiary and under which all or substantially all of the relevant business or 
assets are transferred to the Issuer, the Guarantor or a Subsidiary or a transferee which 
upon acquiring the relevant business or assets thereupon becomes a Subsidiary or (B) 
the consideration received for such sale, transfer or disposal is utilised (by one 
transaction or a series of transactions occurring within 18 months of such sale, transfer 
or disposal) in acquiring assets for the purposes of the business of the Group; or 
(i) 
any action, condition or thing at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order 
(i) to enable each of the Issuer and the Guarantor lawfully to enter into, exercise its 
rights and perform and comply with its obligations under and in respect of the Notes 
and the Guarantee, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legal, valid, binding and 
enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes, the Coupons and the Guarantee admissible in 
evidence in the courts of the United States of America or the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg is not taken, fulfilled or done within 10 business days of such action, 
condition or thing being required to be taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j) 
unless otherwise permitted under Condition 10(e), it is or will become unlawful for the 
Issuer or the Guarantor to perform or comply with any of its obligations under or in 
respect of the Notes or the Guarantee; or 
(k) 
unless otherwise permitted under Condition 10(e) or Condition 17, if the Guarantee 
ceases to be, or is claimed by the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect, other 
than in accordance with its terms, 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice addressed to the Issuer and the Guarantor and delivered 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall 
become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if 
any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
For the purposes of paragraph (h) above, a Major Part of the business of the Group means a part of 
the business of the Group exceeding one third of Consolidated Gross Assets and Major Part of the 
assets of the Group means assets of the Group exceeding one third of Consolidated Gross Assets. 
In the Conditions:

--- Page 75 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
73 
 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Gross Assets means, as of any date, the total assets of SES and its consolidated 
Subsidiaries that would be shown as assets on a consolidated balance sheet of SES and its 
Subsidiaries as of such date prepared in accordance with IFRS; provided that for purposes of 
calculating Consolidated Gross Assets, if SES owns directly or indirectly less than a majority 
of the economic ownership interests in any subsidiary, such subsidiary shall be consolidated 
only to the extent of SES’s direct or indirect economic ownership in such subsidiary; 
Finance Lease means, at any time, a lease with respect to which the lessee is required 
concurrently to recognise the acquisition of an asset and the incurrence of a liability in 
accordance with IFRS; 
Group means SES and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; 
IFRS means International Financial Reporting Standards issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board (IASB) adopted by the European Union, and interpretations issued 
by the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee of the IASB (as amended, 
supplemented or re-issued from time to time); 
Indebtedness with respect to any Person means, at any time, without duplication: 
(a) 
its liabilities for borrowed money and its redemption obligations in respect of 
mandatorily redeemable Preferred Stock; 
(b) 
its liabilities for the deferred purchase price of property acquired by such Person 
(excluding accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business but including all 
liabilities created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement 
with respect to any such property); 
(c) 
all liabilities appearing on its balance sheet in accordance with IFRS in respect of 
Finance Leases; 
(d) 
all liabilities for borrowed money secured by any Security Interest with respect to any 
property owned by such Person (whether or not it has assumed or otherwise become 
liable for such liabilities); 
(e) 
all its liabilities in respect of letters of credit or instruments serving a similar function 
issued or accepted for its account by banks and other financial institutions (whether or 
not representing obligations for borrowed money); 
(f) 
Swaps of such Person; and 
(g) 
any guarantee of such Person with respect to liabilities of a type described in any of (a) 
through (f) above. 
Indebtedness of any Person shall include all obligations of such Person of the character described in (a) 
through (g) above to the extent it remains legally liable in respect thereof notwithstanding that any such 
obligation is deemed to be extinguished under IFRS; 
Material Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor: 
(a) 
whose gross revenues (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) represent no less than 5 per cent of the consolidated gross revenues of the 
Group, all as calculated by reference to the last audited (consolidated or, as the case

--- Page 76 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
74 
 
 
 
 
 
may be, unconsolidated) accounts of the Subsidiary and the latest audited consolidated 
accounts of SES and its Subsidiaries; or 
(b) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) represent no less than 5 per cent of the consolidated total assets of the 
Group, all as calculated by reference to the latest audited (consolidated or, as the case 
may be, unconsolidated) accounts of the Subsidiary and the latest audited consolidated 
accounts of SES and its Subsidiaries; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and 
assets of a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor which immediately before the 
transfer is a Material Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor (whereupon such 
transferor Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary until the next publication 
of audited consolidated accounts of SES and its Subsidiaries following such transfer), 
provided that in the case of a Subsidiary acquired or an entity which becomes a Subsidiary after the end 
of the financial period to which the latest audited consolidated accounts of SES and its Subsidiaries 
relate, the reference to the latest audited consolidated accounts for the purposes of the calculation above 
shall, until audited consolidated accounts of SES and its Subsidiaries are published for the financial 
period in which the acquisition is made or, as the case may be, in which such entity becomes a 
Subsidiary, be deemed to be a reference to the latest consolidated accounts of SES and its  Subsidiaries 
adjusted in such manner as SES shall consider appropriate to consolidate the latest audited accounts of 
such Subsidiary in such accounts; and a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor is or is not or was or 
was not at any time or throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary shall, in the absence of 
manifest of proven error, be conclusive and binding; 
Person means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, association, 
trust, unincorporated organisation, or a government or agency or political subdivision thereof; 
Preferred Stock means any class of capital stock of a corporation that is preferred over any 
other class of capital stock of such corporation as to the payment of dividends or the payment 
of any amount upon liquidation or dissolution of such corporation; 
Swaps means, with respect to any Person, payment obligations with respect to interest rate 
swaps, currency swaps and similar obligations obligating such Person to make payments, 
whether periodically or upon the happening of a contingency. For the purposes of these 
Conditions, the amount of the obligation under any Swap shall be the amount determined in 
respect thereof as of the end of the then most recently ended fiscal quarter of such Person, based 
on the assumption that such Swap had terminated at the end of such fiscal quarter, and in 
making such determination, if any agreement relating to such Swap provides for the netting of 
amounts payable by and to such Person thereunder or if any such agreement provides for the 
simultaneous payment of amounts by and to such Person, then in each such case, the amount 
of such obligation shall be the net amount so determined. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, Coupons or 
Talons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs 
and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and 
indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must 
be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 77 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
75 
 
 
 
 
 
12. 
AGENTS 
The names of the initial Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent 
acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and (in the case of Registered Notes) 
a Registrar; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or 
other relevant authority. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.3. Any variation, termination, appointment or 
change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders 
or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon 
sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet 
including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for 
the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 9. 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if and for so long as 
the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and the rules of such stock exchange so require, a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg, and/or on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website (www.bourse.lu) or any other 
manner considered as equivalent by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort 
or the Tageblatt in Luxembourg. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner 
which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are 
for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such notice will be deemed 
to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.

--- Page 78 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
76 
 
 
 
 
 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first 
class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the Noteholders (or the first named of joint 
Noteholders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on 
a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another 
relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will 
be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the seventh day after 
the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst 
any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note 
to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of 
a modification of the Notes, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor and shall be convened by the Issuer if required 
in writing by Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing 
Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any 
meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the 
Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest 
thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than one-quarter in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding or consent given by 
holders of not less than 75 per cent in nominal amount of the Notes by electronic consent through the 
clearing systems shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. A resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders.

--- Page 79 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
77 
 
 
 
 
 
The Principal Paying Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum 
is required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement 
which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of the law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any 
such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
16. 
SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
The Issuer may at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, substitute for itself as the principal debtor under the Notes and the 
Coupons the Guarantor or any other member of the Group (such substitute, a New 
Issuer) provided that: 
(i) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the New 
Issuer and, to the extent necessary, the other parties to the Agency 
Agreement, as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution and 
pursuant to which the New Issuer shall undertake in favour of each 
Noteholder and each Accountholder (as defined in the Deed of Covenant) 
to be bound by these conditions, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency 
Agreement as principal debtor in respect of the Notes in place of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
each rating agency which has assigned credit rating to the Notes confirms 
that upon the substitution of the New Issuer becoming effective the Notes 
will either have the same credit rating as immediately prior to the 
substitution or the credit rating will not be adversely affected; 
(iii) 
the Principal Paying Agent shall have received legal opinions addressed to 
the Noteholders from legal advisers of internationally recognised standing 
approved by it to the effect, inter alia, that (A) the New Issuer has obtained 
all governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for its 
assumption of the obligations and liabilities as principal debtor under these 
Conditions, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement in place of 
the Issuer, the holders of the Notes and Coupons have rights against the New 
Issuer at least equivalent to the rights they have against the Issuer, subject 
to the other Conditions in this Condition 16 having been satisfied such 
assumption is fully effective and such obligations and liabilities are legally 
valid and binding on, and enforceable against, the New Issuer; (B) such 
approvals and consents are in full force and effect at the time of substitution; 
and (C) confirming, with respect to the New Issuer, compliance with sub-
paragraph (iv) below; 
(iv) 
all payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons 
by or on behalf of the New Issuer shall be made free and clear of and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected,

--- Page 80 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
78 
 
 
 
 
 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the tax jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or any political subdivision thereof or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax; 
(v) 
any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed shall have confirmed to 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent that, after giving effect to the 
substitution the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange(s); 
(vi) 
two officers of the New Issuer shall have certified to the Principal Paying 
Agent that the New Issuer is solvent at the time at which the substitution or 
appointment is proposed to be effected; and 
(vii) 
where the substitution of Issuer is the substitution of SES Americas as a 
result of the winding-up, dissolution or other similar process of SES 
Americas for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, 
reorganisation or restructuring while solvent and pursuant to which SES 
assumes all of the assets, liabilities and obligations of SES Americas, then 
the New Issuer shall be SES and no guarantee of the Notes shall be required 
from any person following such substitution. 
(b) 
Upon execution and delivery of the deed poll or the other documents referred to in 
paragraph (a)(i) above and delivery of the legal opinions and other documents referred 
to in paragraph (a)(ii) to (iv) above the New Issuer shall be deemed to be named in the 
Notes, the Deed of Covenant and the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in 
place of the Issuer and the Notes, the Deed of Covenant, the Agency Agreement and 
any other documents related to the Notes shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to 
give effect to the substitution, and the Issuer shall be released from all of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes, the Deed of Covenant, and the Agency Agreement and 
any other documents related to the Programme. 
(c) 
Not later than 14 days after the substitution of a New Issuer, notice shall be given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In the event of any such substitution as described in Condition 16 (Substitution) the Issuer and 
the Guarantor will, to the extent required by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, prepare a supplement 
to this Prospectus containing information in relation to the substitution. 
17. 
TERMINATION OF GUARANTEE 
(a) 
In respect of Notes issued by SES, notwithstanding the provisions of Clause 2.1 of the 
Guarantee relating to the Guarantee being unconditional and irrevocable, the Guarantee 
contains provisions which for so long as SES Americas remains Guarantor, permit a 
termination of the Guarantee provided that: 
(i) 
there is no Event of Default that has occurred and is continuing; 
(ii) 
the Total Assets of the Guarantor, as of the end of the previous two Fiscal 
Periods prior to the date of such termination, represented less than 10 per 
cent of the Total Assets of SES; 
(iii) 
the EBITDA of the Guarantor, in respect of the previous two Fiscal Periods 
prior to the date of such termination, represented less than 10 per cent of the 
EBITDA of SES;

--- Page 81 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
79 
 
 
 
 
 
(iv) 
each rating agency which has assigned a credit rating to the Notes confirms 
that upon such termination becoming effective the Notes will either have 
the same credit rating as immediately prior to the termination or the credit 
rating will not be adversely affected; and 
(v) 
a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer has been 
delivered to the Principal Paying Agent confirming that the requirements of 
this Condition 17 have been fulfilled prior to such termination taking effect. 
In the Conditions: 
EBITDA means, in respect of SES Americas or SES, profit for the period before the impact of 
(i) depreciation, amortisation, net financing cost, income tax, the share of the results of joint 
ventures and associates and discontinued operations; and (ii) any extraordinary line item 
between revenue and profit before tax, calculated by reference to the annual audited 
consolidated financial statements of SES or, as the case may be, SES Americas prepared in 
accordance with IFRS in respect of the relevant Fiscal Period.  
Fiscal Period means each fiscal year ending 31 December, or such other period in respect of 
which SES and SES Americas prepare annual audited consolidated financial statements. 
Total Assets means, in respect of SES Americas or SES, the figure in the line item identified as 
“total assets” in the statement of financial position in the annual audited consolidated financial 
statements of SES or, as the case may be, SES Americas prepared in accordance with IFRS in 
respect of the relevant Fiscal Period. 
(b) 
Upon any such termination pursuant to Condition 17(a) taking effect, SES Americas 
shall be released from all of its obligations under or in respect of these Conditions, the 
Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and any other related documents. 
(c) 
Not later than 14 days after any such termination in accordance with the provisions of 
this Condition 17, notice shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
(d) 
The certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Issuer confirming that the 
requirements of this Condition 17 have been fulfilled shall, in the absence of manifest 
or proven error, be conclusive and binding. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and so that 
the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law

--- Page 82 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
80 
 
 
 
 
 
The Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the 
Coupons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. The provisions of 
articles 470-3 to 470-19 (inclusive) of Luxembourg Company Law shall be expressly excluded. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts 
of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons) 
and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum. The Noteholders and the Couponholders, may take any suit, action or 
proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Notes and the 
Coupons (including a dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes and the Coupons), against the Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and 
concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions (including, with respect to SES only, in any court 
having jurisdiction where SES has an office). 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP at its registered office at 100 Bishopsgate, 
London EC2P 2SR (marked for the attention of the Dispute Resolution DMP and Mr. Christopher 
Barratt, reference 123182-0083) as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. 
Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 83 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
81 
 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme. 
[Date] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely 
for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market.] Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor)][distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 
2014/65/EU (MiFID II)][MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 
(as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part

--- Page 84 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
82 
 
 
 
 
 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B of the 
Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes [are] / 
[are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and [are] 
[Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment 
Products.]10 
[SES/SES GLOBAL AMERICAS HOLDINGS INC.] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] by [SES Société anonyme, 
Château de Betzdorf, L-6815 Betzdorf, R.C.S. Luxembourg B81267/SES Global Americas 
Holdings Inc.] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [SES: 5493008JPA4HYMH1HX51/SES Global Americas Holdings 
Inc.: 5299000YGN3VJ3R60481] 
[Guaranteed by SES/SES Global Americas Holdings Inc.] 
under the €4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
in the Prospectus dated 23 May 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Prospectus) of each of SES and SES Global Americas Holdings 
Inc. for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded (the Prospectus 
Regulation). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus. Full 
information on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Notes and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Prospectus. The Prospectus is available for 
viewing during normal business hours at Château de Betzdorf, L-6815 Betzdorf and from BNP Paribas 
Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch at 60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2085 Luxembourg and has been 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]  
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date. N.B. when using a post – 1 July 2012 approved 
base prospectus to tap a previous issue under a pre – 1 July 2012 approved base prospectus, the final 
terms in the post – 1 July 2012 base prospectus will take a different form due to the more restrictive 
approach to final terms. The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be reviewed to ensure 
that they would not require the final terms documenting the further issue to include information which 
is no longer permitted in final terms. Where the final terms documenting the further issue would need 
 
10 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the 
Notes pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 85 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
83 
 
 
 
 
 
to include such information, it will not be possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown prospectus 
(incorporating the original Conditions and final terms) will instead need to be prepared. 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus dated [24 September 2010/19 September 2011 (as supplemented 
on 25 May 2012)/15 November 2012/12 March 2018/22 May 2019/29 May 2020] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Prospectus dated 23 May 2022. This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended or superseded (the Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the 
Prospectus dated 23 May 2022 [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]], which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Prospectus), save in respect of the 
Conditions which are extracted from the Prospectus dated [24 September 2010/19 September 2011 (as 
supplemented on 25 May 2012)/15 November 2012/12 March 2018/22 May 2019/29 May 2020]. Full 
information on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Notes and the offer of the Notes is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Prospectus [and the supplement(s) dated [●]]. Copies 
of the Prospectuses and these Final Terms are available for viewing during normal business hours at 
Château de Betzdorf, L-6815 Betzdorf, Luxembourg, from BNP Paribas Securities Services, 
Luxembourg Branch at 60, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-2085 Luxembourg and has been published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or delete if not applicable. Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(a) Series Number: 
[     ] 
             (b) Tranche Number: 
[     ] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[     ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) [Series: 
[     ] 
 
(b) [Tranche: 
[     ]] 
 
(c) Date on which the Notes become 
 
 
 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [insert amount, interest 
rate, maturity date and issue date of the Series] 
on [insert date/the Issue Date/exchange of the 
Temporary Bearer Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Bearer Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 22 below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [insert date]]]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[     ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) Specified Denominations: 
[     ] 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed:

--- Page 86 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
84 
 
 
 
 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. 
No Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”) 
(N.B. If an issue of Notes is (i) NOT admitted to 
trading on an European Economic Area 
exchange; and (ii) only offered in the European 
Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is not required to be published under 
the 
Prospectus 
Regulation 
the 
€100,000 
minimum denomination is not required.) 
 
 (b) Calculation Amount: 
[     ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. 
If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. Note: There must be 
a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(a) Issue Date: 
[     ] 
             (b) Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[     ] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[EURIBOR] +/- [ ] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
(See paragraph [13/14/15] below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount. 
(Note – the Notes will always be redeemed at 
least 100 per cent. of their nominal value) 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify details/[Not Applicable]] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Issuer Make Whole Call] 
12. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes and Guarantee obtained: 
[     ] [and [     ], respectively]]

--- Page 87 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
85 
 
 
 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[     ] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
long or short coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive 
form.) 
[     ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [     ] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 or Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[     ] in each year 
 
[Insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon 
N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of 
regular interest payment dates which are not of 
equal duration 
N.B. Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[        ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (d) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the 
Business Day Convention in (d) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(b) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[[      ] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention

--- Page 88 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
86 
 
 
 
 
 
set out in (d) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in 
(d) below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
(c) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[      ] 
(d) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business 
Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[     ] 
(f) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
 
Amount 
(if 
not 
the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[     ] 
(g) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[     ] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[[●] month [EURIBOR]]  
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[     ] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Period) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[     ] 
 
(If not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page 
which shows a composite rate) 
(h) 
[Linear Interpolation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [     ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[     ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)  
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
30E/360 
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 5 for alternatives) 
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 89 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
87 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[     ] per cent. per annum  
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[     ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts and 
late payment: 
[Conditions 7.6(b) and 7.9 apply] 
(Consider applicable day count fraction if not 
U.S. dollar denominated) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
(ii) Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
17. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[    ] 
(b) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including [ ] (the Par Call Period  
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
(The Par Call Period Commencement Date is the 
day that is 90 days prior to the Maturity Date) 
18. 
Issuer Make Whole Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Notice period: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Margin: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Reference Dealers: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference Stock: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 90 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
88 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) 
Determination Time: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Determination Date: 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
19. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(c) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[     ] 
(d) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
20. 
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Change of Control Redemption 
Amount of each Note: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount together with (or, 
where purchased, together with an amount equal 
to) accrued interest per Calculation Amount to 
but excluding the Change of Control Redemption 
Date (Put) 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons or on event of default: 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
(a) Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Bearer Global Note on and after 
the Exchange Date which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Bearer Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
[Permanent Bearer Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]] 
[N.B. Notes with a maturity of more than 183 
days (taking into consideration unilateral rights 
to roll or extend) may not be issued by SES

--- Page 91 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
89 
 
 
 
 
 
Americas in bearer form, and must be issued as 
Registered Notes.] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Registered Global Note registered in the name of 
a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held under the 
NSS)]] 
(b) New Global Note/NSS: 
[Yes][No] 
24. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] (Note that this item 
relates to the place of payment and not Interest 
Period end dates to which item 13(b) and 14(a) 
relate) 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[No/Yes. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are left] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Issuer and 
the Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of [SES/SES Global Americas 
Holdings Inc.] 
Signed on behalf of [SES/SES Global Americas 
Holdings Inc.] 
By: 
 ................................................... 
By: 
 .................................................... 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised

--- Page 92 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
90 
 
 
 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) Listing and Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange] and listing on [the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[     ].] [Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] and listing on [the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
with effect from [     ].] [Not Applicable.] 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:  
[     ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings:  
[Not Applicable/The Notes to be issued [have 
been/are expected to be] rated/The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this 
type issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[name of the rating agency]: [●] 
 
[and endorsed by [insert details]]** 
 
[Set out the status of each rating agency under the 
CRA Regulation.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating. Include a brief 
explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the ratings 
provider.)   
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
[Save for any fees payable to the Managers/Dealers, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. – Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
 
** Insert this wording where one or more of the ratings included in the Final Terms has been endorsed by an EU 
registered credit rating agency for the purposes of Article 4(3) of the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 93 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
91 
 
 
 
 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)  
 
Indication of yield: 
[     ] [Not Applicable] 
 
5. 
USE 
AND 
ESTIMATED 
NET 
AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds:  
[     ] [See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the 
Prospectus] 
Estimated Net Amount of Proceeds:  
[        ] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) ISIN: 
[     ] 
(ii) Common Code: 
[     ] 
(iii) CFI: 
[[     ], as set out on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable] 
(iv) FISN: 
[[     ], as set out on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible 
National Numbering Agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable] 
(v) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A., 
the 
relevant address and the identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and numbers(s)] 
(vi) Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) Intended to be held in a manner 
which 
would allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as a common 
safekeeper,] [include this text for registered notes] 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by

--- Page 94 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
92 
 
 
 
 
 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[ (and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper) [include this text 
for registered notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
(vii) Relevant Benchmark[s] - Floating 
Rate Notes: 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [specify benchmark] 
which is provided by [administrator legal name]. 
As at the date of these Final Terms, [administrator 
legal name] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. [As far 
as the Issuer is aware, [specify benchmark] [does 
not fall within the scope of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 by virtue of Article 2 of that 
Regulation/ the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 apply, such that 
[administrator legal name] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, 
if 
located 
outside 
the 
European 
Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]/[Not 
Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a)  
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(b)  
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B)  
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
  
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(c)  
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of
 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 95 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
93 
 
 
 
 
 
(d)  
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Category [3]; TEFRA D; TEFRA C; 
TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 96 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
 
94 
 
 
BUSINESS 
 
Overview 
SES has a vision to deliver amazing experiences everywhere on earth by distributing the highest 
quality video content and providing seamless connectivity around the world. SES operates the world’s 
only multi-orbit constellation of satellites with the unique combination of global coverage and high 
performance, including the commercially-proven high throughput, high flexibility, low-latency 
Medium Earth Orbit (MEO) O3b system. By leveraging an intelligent, cloud-enabled network, SES is 
able to deliver high-quality connectivity solutions anywhere on land, at sea or in the air and is a trusted 
partner to the world’s leading telecommunications companies, mobile network operators, governments, 
connectivity and cloud service providers, broadcasters, video platform operators and content owners. 
SES’s video network carries over 8,300 channels and has an unparalleled reach of 366 million 
households, delivering managed media services for both linear and non-linear content. The company is 
listed on Paris and Luxembourg stock exchanges. 
SES believes that the Group benefits from the following key strengths: 
• 
A satellite–embedded solution provider with global reach. SES is a global satellite 
operator, based on operating a fleet of around 50 GEO satellites and 20 MEO satellites 
serving markets around the world. Its business supports a range of applications, foremost 
of which is the transmission of direct-to-home (DTH) television broadcasts, a high-value 
application with persistent characteristics. SES also provides connectivity and cloud 
services, including very small aperture terminal (VSAT) networks, broadband internet 
access and mobile backhaul, to enterprises, institutions and governments. 
• 
Strong and predictable cash flows. The Group had a fully contracted contract backlog of 
approximately €5.2 billion as of 31 December 2021 delivered by a strong customer base 
consisting predominantly of broadcasters in developed markets. This customer profile 
generates a predictable, high-margin revenue stream, resulting in a strong cash flow 
conversion factor. 
• 
Clear and consistent financial strategy. The Group is committed to maintaining balance 
sheet metrics consistent with investment grade credit rating. This has facilitated access on 
favourable terms to the capital markets. While the Group has adequate liquidity at hand as 
of the date of this Prospectus, it continues to seek to diversify and extend its debt funding 
base and to optimise its debt maturity profile. 
• 
Experienced management team. SES has a highly experienced management team, led by 
the Senior Leadership Team, each of whose members combine decades of experience in a 
wide variety of disciplines. 
• 
Unique access to spectrum. SES has a unique access to multiple frequencies (C-, Ku- and 
Ka-band) globally, including the entire equatorial MEO Ka-band spectrum. 
Strategic Priorities 
 
The Group aims to deliver sustained and profitable growth by building on the Group’s core 
competencies and pursuing the following strategic priorities:

--- Page 97 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
95 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
reinforce and drive value through SES’s core video neighbourhoods; 
• 
further develop capabilities for video distribution to support SES’s video customers in 
reaching new markets and audiences; 
• 
leverage SES’s market position in delivering unique high throughput, high flexibility, low 
latency GEO-MEO solutions with end-to-end managed solutions, driving business growth in 
networks; 
• 
enable cloud adoption on a global scale, through partners and customers; and 
• 
harness emerging trends and technologies such as 5G, Internet of Things, and cloud to 
integrate fully within the broader network ecosystem, making satellite mainstream. 
 
 
In 2021 SES launched SES-17 with Thales Alenia Space (Thales) committing to a long-term 
commercial agreement for service over the Americas and Atlantic Ocean. SES-17 is planned to start 
operations in mid-2022 and is the 4th HTS on the SES fleet after SES-12, SES-14 and SES-15. 
 
 
In September 2017, SES Networks announced the launch of O3b mPOWER which will be the 
most powerful, flexible and scalable satellite-based system launched by SES.  
 
 
As part of the O3b mPOWER ecosystem, SES has contracted Boeing Satellite Systems to build 
a total of 11 super-powered MEO satellites. Of these 11 satellites, the first 7 were ordered in 2017, 
while in 2020, SES has augmented the constellation by ordering an additional 4. In September 2019, 
SES decided to appoint SpaceX as launcher for its initial 7 O3b mPOWER satellites and in August 
2020, SpaceX was also contracted to launch the additional 4 satellites ordered. The first 6 satellites are 
scheduled for launch in 2022 to start operations of the constellation, with the remaining 5 satellites to 
be launched during 2023 and 2024. 
The O3b mPOWER constellation will deliver unrivalled cloud-scale connectivity and managed services 
globally, offering:  
• 
unique levels of flexibility with 5000 fully-shapeable and steerable beams per satellite that can 
be shifted and switched in real time, making O3b mPOWER the most bandwidth-efficient 
system; 
• 
unrivalled coverage of an area of nearly 400 million square kilometres, representing 80 per 
cent. of the Earth’s surface; 
• 
highest performance based on the combination of multiple terabits of throughput and low 
latency, which will be seamlessly integrated with SES Networks existing GEO-MEO and 
terrestrial capabilities; and 
• 
improved economics with lower cost-per-bit and cheaper ground equipment, including small, 
fast and easy-to-install O3b mPOWER Customer Edge Terminals.

--- Page 98 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
96 
 
 
 
 
 
History 
SES was founded in 1985 as Europe’s first private satellite operator, originally under the name 
of Société Européenne des Satellites. The Group’s first satellite, ASTRA 1A, was launched in December 
1988 for broadcasting in Western Europe with transmission beginning in February 1989. The satellite 
had 16 transponders, most of which targeted specific markets in the United Kingdom, Scandinavia and 
Germany. By the end of 1990, ASTRA 1A was able to reach over 16 million cable and DTH households 
in Europe. The launch of ASTRA 1A was followed by the launches of the ASTRA 1B, ASTRA 1C and 
ASTRA 1D satellites to meet increasing demand, in 1991, 1993 and 1994, respectively. SES developed 
and pioneered satellite co-location during this period, as these satellites shared the same orbital slot 
(19.2ºE) as ASTRA 1A. This was a first in the industry and substantially increased the number of 
channels that could be transmitted from that orbital position. 
In the years that followed, the Group reached further milestones, including the inauguration of 
its digital technical facilities for the reception, monitoring, multiplexing, encryption and uplinking of 
hundreds of digital channels on the ASTRA system, the launching of further satellites and the expansion 
of its footprint across Europe. The most important milestones were the opening of the second orbital 
location for Europe at 28.2ºE (1998), the acquisitions of SES AMERICOM from GE (2001) and New 
Skies Satellites (2006) which allowed SES to reach global satellite coverage or the launch of HD+ 
(2009), a German business-to-consumer platform to further cement the Group's position in the German 
market.  
In 1998, SES became a publicly listed company through an initial public offering and listing 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In 1999, the Group began its transition from a single-market 
business to a global operator through a strategy of acquiring minority interests in regional operators, 
such as Asian operator AsiaSat, Nordic operator NSAB, and Brazilian operator Star One. 
In May 2004, SES’s securities were listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange in order to 
further facilitate trading in SES’s securities. 
Recent Developments  
During 2017 and 2018, SES launched the following GEO satellites to provide both replacement and 
growth capacity to support the operational model created with SES Video and SES Networks: SES-10 
(2017), SES-15 (2017), SES-11 (2017), SES-14 (2018), SES-16/Govsat-1 (2018), SES-12 (2018). 
In April 2019, the final four O3b satellites (satellites 17-20) were launched, completing the first 
generation of SES’s successful and unique MEO constellation. The four additional satellites entered 
operation in the second half of 2019, enhancing coverage across the globe and enabling SES Networks 
to provide greater service availability and reliability. 
In August 2020, SES expanded the O3b mPOWER constellation ordered in 2017 from 7 to 11 
satellites by contracting for an additional 4 satellites from Boeing. In addition, SpaceX was contracted 
to launch these additional 4 satellites. With this augmentation, all 11 mPOWER satellites will be 
launched on board a SpaceX launch vehicle between Q3 2021 and 2024. 
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group acquired 12 million Class A shares and 6 
million Class B Shares, resulting in a total cost of the share buyback programme of EUR 94 million. 
The buyback was executed by SES Astra S.A., a Luxembourg based, fully owned subsidiary of SES. 
In October 2021, SES-17 was successfully launched onboard an Ariane 5 launcher from 
Kourou. SES-17 is expected to start operations in mid-2022.

--- Page 99 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
97 
 
 
 
 
 
In March 2022, SES published a new ESG strategy with corresponding targets (see further the 
section titled "Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG) Matters"). 
In March 2022, SES obtained "BBB" credit rating from Fitch. Simultaneously, SES decided to 
withdraw its ratings from Standard & Poor's Rating Services.   
In March 2022, SES announces the 100 per cent. acquisition of DRS Global Enterprise 
Solutions (GES), a US-based subsidiary of Leonardo DRS, for USD 450 million. Subject to regulatory 
approvals, the transaction is expected to be completed during H2 2022, when the GES business will be 
combined with SES Government Solutions (SES GS), creating a scaled solutions provider serving the 
connectivity needs of the US Government. 
On 7 April 2022, shareholders approved all resolutions presented at the extraordinary 
shareholders' meeting, including an annual dividend of €0.50 per share (compared to €0.40 per share in 
the previous year). 
C-band Repurposing developments 
On 28 February 2020, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) adopted a Report 
and Order of Proposed Modification in connection with the repurposing of 280 MHz of C-band 
spectrum to support deployment of terrestrial 5G services in the contiguous United States (the C-band 
Repurposing). This decision represented a milestone in clearing 280 megahertz of C-Band spectrum 
and in doing so protecting the 120 million US households and critical broadcast customers and 
communities that fully use the C-band today. The Order created a mechanism to provide the Group with 
an option to clear the spectrum on an accelerated timeline in exchange for accelerated relocation 
payments of up to $4 billion. 
In May 2020 SES officially committed to the accelerated C-band clearing programme created 
by the FCC, resulting in an opportunity for SES to realise up to $4 billion of pre-tax proceeds in the 
form of the accelerated relocation payments. The SES Board of Directors approved the procurement 
program and launch of new satellites, equipment and services for the migration of existing customers 
using the spectrum, which will be reimbursable through the FCC Clearinghouse.  
In June 2020, SES announced that four new C-band satellites had been ordered from US 
manufacturers Boeing (SES-20 and SES-21) and Northrop Grumman (SES-18 and SES-19) to fulfil the 
requirements of the accelerated clearing programme. In addition, Thales Alenia Space has been 
contracted for the provision of two contingency satellites. 
In August 2020, the launch vehicle providers for the four new C-band satellites were 
announced, with two satellites being launched by United Launch Alliance (Atlas rocket) and two by 
SpaceX (Falcon 9 rocket). 
In October 2021, SES filed its Phase I Certification of Accelerated Relocation with the FCC on 
1 October 2021 and an amended certificate on 26 October 2021. The FCC validated the amended 
certificate on 24 November 2021, at which time the EUR 839 million (USD 977 million as at 24 
November 2021) of Accelerated Relocation Payments were fully recognised. SES received the 
Accelerated Relocation Payments on 29 December 2021 and 3 January 2022. 
The Group will receive a further USD 2,991 million (EUR 2,641 million) for Phase II if it 
successfully completes the clearing of the spectrum as described above. In the case of delays in 
achieving the Phase II spectrum clearing milestone, then the Accelerated Relocation Payments will 
decrease on a sliding scale to zero over the six-month period beginning 5 December 2023.

--- Page 100 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
98 
 
 
 
 
 
In March 2022, SES announced an additional agreement with Verizon Communications to 
complete relocation for certain sites in 2022, earlier than the official timeline for Phase II relocation. 
SES can earn up to an additional USD 170 million (gross) under this agreement. 
For more information on the financial impact of the C-band Repurposing, please see note 33 to 
the consolidated financial statements for SES for the year ended 31 December 2021, which are 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
COVID-19 
The continuing COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, economic implications across 
nearly all economic sectors. Management carefully monitors the different aspects of the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic such as operational impact or liquidity considerations. Overall, there has been no 
material impact on the Group as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.   
For more information on the financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group, please see note 
32 to the consolidated financial statements for SES for the year ended 31 December 2021, which are 
incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. 
 
SES Video  
SES Video delivers high-quality media content to 366 million households worldwide across 
more than 40 video neighbourhoods. As of 31 December 2021, the SES fleet distributes over 8,300 TV 
channels to global audiences including over 3,100 High Definition (HD) and Ultra HD (UHD) TV 
channels. Globally, this is done via Direct-to-Home (DTH) platforms, Direct-to-Cable (DTC) 
neighbourhoods, digital terrestrial, and Internet Protocol Television (IPTV) networks.  
SES Video delivers a full suite of innovative end-to-end value-added services for both linear 
and non-linear distribution on premises software and via Cloud. Every day, SES Video manages playout 
for more than 525 channels, and delivers more than 8,400 hours of online video streaming, including 
over 620 hours of premium sports and live events.  
Those connectivity solutions and services are delivered to a broad range of global customers. 
Key customers include Sky, Dish, Canal+, BBC, Pro7 Group, ARD, ZDF IMG, Telefonica, Amazon, 
Discovery, Disney, Fox and Turner. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, SES Video generated revenue of EUR 1,046 million. 
Underlying revenue of EUR 1,046 million was 4.6 per cent. lower, at constant FX, than the previous 
year. 
 
SES Networks 
SES Networks provides managed global connectivity and data service solutions for a wide 
range of fixed and mobile applications. By combining a global GEO / MEO network and end-to-end 
solutions capability, SES Networks enables major Government, Fixed Data (Telco, MNO and Cloud) 
and Mobility (Aeronautical and Maritime) customers to extend their network reach across the entire 
world. SES is the first, and only, satellite operator to have been certified with the Metro Ethernet Forum 
(MEF) 2.0 standard, used to rate the latency of terrestrial networks. By adopting these practices and 
standards of the terrestrial network system, SES is making it easier for customers to integrate satellite-
based networks into a global ecosystem. This also includes the integration of software-defined 
networking (SDN) capabilities and the flexibility and control that come with it opening new 
opportunities such as the optimisation of the traffic between MEO or GEO over an intelligent multi-

--- Page 101 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
99 
 
 
 
 
 
orbit network. Further, SES is working with Amdocs to host an Open Networking Automation Platform 
(ONAP) within a Microsoft Azure domain. This is a first for the satellite industry leveraging standards 
developed within the Telco and Cloud industries to bring the same automation and programmability to 
Satellite.  
Network customers vary depending on the data application. For mobility applications, customer 
examples are Thales, Panasonic, Gogo, Global Eagle. In contrast, in the cruise industry, SES directly 
partners with the cruise companies including Carnival, Royal Carribean, Genting, MSC. Examples of 
government customers are the Luxembourg State, US DoD, NASA, ESA, Hughes. Besides, SES Telco 
customer examples are Orange, Teleglobal and Telefonica. In the Cloud segment, SES has established 
a foundational partnership with Microsoft as part of the Group’s ‘cloud-first’ approach. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, SES Networks generated revenue of EUR 735 million 
including periodic revenue of EUR 1 million. Underlying revenue of EUR 734 million was 0.5 per cent. 
higher than the prior year.  
 
Industry Overview and Trends 
Overview 
SES operates in the Satellite Communications (SatCom) sector of the space industry, which 
forms an integral part of the global communications infrastructure. According to NSR, revenue of 
satellite operators reached $13.4 billion in 2020 (Source: Satellite Industry Financial Analysis (11th 
Edition) - NSR November 2021). 
Over the last several years, the SatCom sector has been undergoing significant changes, 
mainly linked to the advent of planned global Low Earth Orbit (LEO) constellations, advances in 
satellite manufacturing leading to more flexible High Throughput Satellites (HTS) and consolidation 
moves amongst companies in the sector. 
 
There are currently three satellite operators in addition to SES that provide services globally. 
In addition, there are a number of operators with fewer satellites that provide regional and/or national 
services. 
Satellite Communications 
Satellite operators compete with terrestrial (fixed and wireless) network operators (e.g., cable, 
DSL, fibre optic, microwave broadcasting and 3G/4G/5G networks) in the market for video, data and 
voice communication services. Satellite services have several advantages over these competing 
communication platforms, such as: 
• 
the ability to extend beyond terrestrial network end points, or provide an alternative path to 
terrestrial infrastructure, thus avoiding points of congestion or unreliability; 
• 
cost-effectiveness and efficiency in content distribution through the ability to broadcast high-
quality signals (TV, radio and internet) from a single location to many locations simultaneously; 
• 
fast network deployments, with network performance easily replicated across each site 
regardless of geography or infrastructure, and efficient centralised control and management; 
• 
the ability to provide ubiquitous coverage over a large geographic region allowing for the 
addition of sites at a lower marginal cost. Unlike cable and fibre lines, satellites can readily

--- Page 102 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
100 
 
 
 
 
 
provide broadcast and communication services over large areas and to remote locations where 
the population density may not be high enough to warrant the expense of building a terrestrial-
based communications network; 
• 
the ability to reach mobile sites that cannot be connected by terrestrial means; and 
• 
rapid communications capabilities for disaster recovery. 
Terrestrial alternatives, such as fibre optic cable, may be more advantageous than satellite in 
some circumstances and can be used in conjunction with satellite to provide a hybrid network that takes 
advantage of the inherent abilities of both technologies. Generally, in densely populated areas well 
served by terrestrial networks or for point-to-point communications, terrestrial alternatives may have a 
cost advantage, while in remote areas or for point-to-multi-point communications satellite may be the 
more efficient solution. 
Supply and Demand for Satellite Communications 
Supply 
The supply of satellite capacity is affected by significant requirements for financial, technical, 
human, natural and other resources. For instance, there are a limited number of orbital locations and 
limited radio frequency spectrum available to commercial communications satellite operators. As a 
result, a limited number of satellites can be placed into service over any particular geographic area. New 
entrants face the significant capital costs of procuring and launching a satellite and must maintain the 
financial and highly specialised technical resources required to operate a satellite system and market its 
services. Other regulatory requirements must also be satisfied before a new entrant can provide services 
to, from or within a specific country. As such the supply of satellite capacity is also constrained by a 
number of regulatory requirements at national, regional and supra-national levels. 
Available supply of satellite capacity varies significantly by region, frequency and market 
segment. With respect to video distribution, “neighbourhoods” develop where many thousands or even 
millions of consumer satellite dishes or cable head-ends are pointed at a specific orbital location or 
locations. Due to the commercial attractiveness of those neighbourhoods developed over time as a result 
of significant investments by satellite operators, video distribution networks prefer to secure expansion 
of satellite capacity from satellites located at the orbital location(s), or neighbourhoods, to which their 
or their customers’ satellite dishes are already pointed. 
Demand 
Demand for satellite services is primarily driven by economic growth, both generally and within 
a particular geographic area, growth in product or service markets, growth in demand for bandwidth-
intensive applications, technical advancements and improved regulatory access to new and existing 
markets.  
In particular, SES believes the following factors will influence SatCom development in the next 
decade: 
Proliferation of Video content  
 
Satellite operators are experiencing stable demand for video distribution, evidenced by a stable 
number of channels being broadcast. This caters to a very resilient linear TV ecosystem that continues 
to generate the vast majority of subscriber- and ad-revenues, based on stable viewing times among 
consumers. Demand is also driven by the increasing volume of high-quality display formats, including

--- Page 103 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
101 
 
 
 
 
 
a significant number of HDTV channels, which require two or three times more bandwidth than 
standard definition channels for a given compression format.  
Proliferation of Data-centric applications 
The market for data-centric applications is expected to show strong growth, with global industry 
revenue across the Mobility, Fixed Data and Government market verticals projected to more than triple 
in the decade between 2020 and 2030, with a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of over 12 per 
cent. (source: Northern Sky Research, Global Satellite Capacity Supply & Demand, 18th Edition, June 
2021). 
 
Mobility. Applications such as maritime communications and aeronautical services are fuelling 
demand for satellite bandwidth. Significant technology advancements are enabling the provision of 
broadband connectivity to a wide range of commercial passenger and business aircraft and different 
kinds of maritime vessels. The same technologies are also able to furnish these links to manned and 
unmanned aeronautical platforms and naval ships used by government and/or defence users.  
 
Fixed Data networks and applications. Corporate VSAT networks are being widely 
implemented in developing regions and markets as economic growth and foreign trade expands. 
Banking is among the sectors driving this growth, along with multinational corporations in such regions 
and markets. Rapid growth in cellular services in developing regions is expected to transition demand 
for voice-only services to demand for data services over time, resulting in increased network bandwidth 
requirements.  
 
The use of satellite networks has expanded in recent years to support oil and gas extraction and 
other resource sectors such as mining. In more developed regions such as North America, oil and gas 
companies increasingly rely on satellite since deposits are often located far from terrestrial infrastructure 
and the use of remote real-time operations monitoring continues to increase. Demand for satellite 
capacity has been driven both by growth in this sector as well as an increase in the use of bandwidth-
intensive applications by such operations. 
 
SatCom services also support broadband internet access for consumers and small businesses. 
The capabilities of today’s high-throughput satellites allow internet satellite providers (ISPs) to offer 
high-speed internet access comparable to terrestrial alternatives. 
 
Government. Government digital inclusion projects to bring broadband services to rural and 
remote communities and those with limited terrestrial infrastructure are an important and growing 
application being led by civilian agencies in both developed and developing nations.  
 
Demand for satellite capacity from defence and military agencies around the world continues 
to grow. The U.S. government remains the single largest user of commercial satellite communications 
capacity and most of this use relates to U.S. Department of Defense operations. 
Customers and Services 
Overview 
SES provides its services to customers worldwide, including broadcasters, telecommunications 
companies, content and internet service providers, mobile and fixed network operators, network 
integrators and corporate and government customers. As of 31 December 2020, the Group served over 
1600 broadcasters, enterprises, institutions and governments in over 140 countries.

--- Page 104 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
102 
 
 
 
 
 
Customer Segment 
Key Services Sold 
Video 
DTH broadcasting and Video contribution including HD and UHD TV 
channels (>8,300 channels worldwide) 
Ground services i.e. teleport services and managed digital media 
services 
Consumer TV platforms, e.g. HD+ 
Fixed Data 
Wide-beam and GEO/MEO HTS capacity and teleport services 
Network/platform services (e.g. mobile backhaul for Telcos and Mobile 
Network Operators (MNO)) 
Managed networks for SME applications (e.g. VSAT networks) 
Mobility 
Trans-oceanic and landmass wide-beam and GEO/MEO HTS capacity 
and teleport services 
Mobility network/platform services (e.g. aeronautical connectivity, 
maritime connectivity) 
Government 
Wide-beam and GEO/MEO HTS capacity and secure teleport services 
communications link 
C-/Ku-/Ka- and Military frequency capacity 
Fully managed end-to-end service to the end customer including hosted 
payloads 
Services Agreements 
The Group provides its satellite transponder capacity and related services under a variety of 
contract terms. Satellite capacity contracts vary in length and content depending on the type of customer. 
The Group’s contracts generally do not have break clauses and therefore must be honoured in full. 
 
Broadcasters. Contracts with broadcasters are generally long-term, with typical durations of 
five to ten years (and up to 15 years in certain cases) for customers in North America and Europe, and 
two to five years for customers in developing markets. Such contracts can sometimes be for the whole 
of a satellite’s operational life and can be for partial, single or multiple transponders. 
 
Commercial enterprises. Contracts with commercial enterprises are generally three to five years 
in length, and the capacity contracted for will generally cover more than one geographic region. 
 
Government. Contracts with government customers are generally no longer than one year in 
length, as government customers generally cannot pre-empt an annual budget allocation. The Group 
has multi-year framework agreements with many of its government customers pursuant to which the 
customer agrees that the contract will be renewed as long as the agency receives the necessary funds. 
SES has recently signed five-year agreements with U.S. government customers, signalling a move to 
consider longer-term contracts, to facilitate operational requirements and secure capacity on more 
favourable terms. 
Under the Group’s standard capacity allotment agreement, customers must obtain operating 
licences from the relevant regulatory authorities, comply with regulations governing the content of

--- Page 105 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
103 
 
 
 
 
 
audio-visual programmes, obtain the rights to operate their earth stations and comply with the Group’s 
technical specifications. The Group may also require a customer to provide a bank or other guarantee 
as security for payment with regard to allotted capacity and in respect of the customer’s contractual 
obligations. 
Product Development and Management 
Overview 
In order to ensure an effective client-solutions based approach, SES is building differentiated 
capabilities in two market verticals where satellites have a predominant usage, SES Video and SES 
Networks - which includes Fixed Data, Mobility and Government. Each vertical is addressed by a 
functional group that develops and deploys commercial solutions and “go-to-market” strategies in their 
respective verticals. The groups act in close collaboration with the various business support functions 
at the core of SES, including the business development and engineering teams of SES. 
In the Video segment, SES has expanded its capabilities beyond satellite infrastructure into 
video service provisioning. SES offers specialised digital media services such as content aggregation, 
content management, channel playout, content distribution via satellite, fibre and Internet Protocol (IP) 
for broadcasters, TV channels, content owners, content aggregators, rights holders, sports organisations 
and more. These services are provided globally.  The suite of services is orchestrated by SES 360, a 
media platform for managing and delivering linear and non-linear content to any platform.   
SES also operates a separate business unit. HD+, which is organised and structured as an 
individual entity. Created in 2009, HD+ provides broadcasters in Germany with a method to deliver 
their HD content to paying audiences via satellite.  
In the Networks segment, SES has also expanded its capabilities beyond satellite infrastructure into 
end-to-end service provisioning. SES is leveraging its unique GEO/MEO satellite infrastructure to offer 
managed connectivity solutions that enable cloud adoption and seamless integration in the broader 
communications ecosystem on a global scale. 
Satellite Fleet 
Network and Technology 
Network 
The Group’s global network is currently comprised of 49 GEO and 20 MEO satellites as well 
as ground facilities, including teleports and leased fibre, which support the Group’s commercial services 
and the operation and control of its satellites. Features of the Group’s network include: 
• 
prime orbital locations, reflecting a valuable portfolio of coordinated fixed satellite spectrum 
rights; 
• 
currently 99.999 per cent. space segment availability of commercialisable transponders on the 
SES fleet; 
• 
flexibility, subject to contractual restrictions in some cases, to relocate satellites to other orbital 
locations, such as when there are changes in demand patterns or requirements of new customers; 
• 
design features and steerable beams on many of the Group’s satellites, enabling the Group to 
reconfigure capacity to provide different areas of coverage and to operate in different frequency 
bands; and

--- Page 106 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
104 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
multiple satellites serving each region, allowing for alternatives if a satellite anomaly should 
occur. 
Satellite Systems 
All of the Group’s GEO satellites are located approximately 22,300 miles, or 35,700 kilometres, 
above the equator. GEO satellites can receive radio frequency communications from an origination 
point, and distribute those signals to a single or multiple receivers within the coverage areas of the 
satellites’ transmission beams. 
All of the Group’s MEO satellites are located approximately 5000 miles, or 8000 kilometres, 
above the Equator.  MEO satellites can receive and transmit radio frequency communications 
bidirectionally between large earth stations (gateways) and customer terminals, serving data centric 
applications. The proximity of the satellites to the earth enables a shorter time between transmission 
and reception of signals by customer terminals (low latency) than the GEO fleet. This is important for 
those applications which require low latency transmissions. 
The SES MEO fleet uses a part of the radio frequency spectrum denoted as “Ka-band”, with 
high power, very narrow beams facilitating high throughput primarily to serve cost effective data 
applications; Ka-band is more susceptible to rain fade than the other bands typically used for satellite 
transmission. The SES GEO fleet transmit using a variety of sub bands of the radio frequency spectrum 
depending on the spectrum available for use at each orbital location, which may include one or more of 
the following bands: 
• 
C-band – low power, broad beams that require use of relatively large reception antennae; the 
spectrum least susceptible to weather-related transmission impairments. 
• 
Ku-band – high power, narrow to medium size beams facilitating use of smaller antennae which 
are favoured by businesses and private end customers; optimal for DTH applications; generally, 
highly reliable and seldom affected by weather-related impairments. 
• 
Ku-band – high power, very narrow beams facilitating high throughput and use of smaller 
customer antennas primarily optimised for data applications. Generally, highly reliable and 
seldom affected by weather-related impairments. This form of Ku-band is used on HTS. 
• 
Ka-band – high power, very narrow beams facilitating high throughput and use of smaller 
customer antennas primarily for data applications; Ka-band is more susceptible to rain fade 
than lower bands.  The Ka-band is optimised for data applications.  This implementation of Ka-
band is used in Military Ka-band (GovSat-1) – a specific part of the Ka-band reserved for 
governmental applications. 
• 
X-band – medium power with medium size beams used exclusively for governmental 
applications like communications on the move. 
• 
L-Band – low power with broad beams used for global navigation satellite systems. 
A GEO satellite is identified as geostationary (or station-kept) when it is operated in an assigned 
segment of the geo-stationary arc, which is designated by a specific range of latitudes and longitudes. 
GEO satellites revolve around the earth at an angular velocity that corresponds to that of the earth’s 
rotation and thus appear to stay above a fixed point on the Earth’s surface at all times. 
GEO satellites that are only station-kept in longitude are said to be in inclined orbit. The daily 
north-south motion of a satellite in inclined orbit exceeds the specified range of latitudes of its assigned 
station-keeping box, and the satellite appears to oscillate slowly, moving above and below the equator

--- Page 107 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
105 
 
 
 
 
 
every day. An operator will typically operate a satellite in inclined orbit toward the end of its service 
life because significant amounts of propellant will be saved by not controlling the north-south position 
of the satellite, therefore substantially extending the service life of the satellite. The kinds of services 
and customers that can access an inclined orbit satellite have traditionally been limited due to the 
movement of the satellite relative to a fixed ground antenna. However, recent innovations now allow 
the use of inclined orbit capacity for certain applications. As a result, if these applications are 
successfully introduced, the Group anticipates that demand for inclined orbit capacity may increase 
over the next few years. As of the date of this Prospectus, 12 of the Group’s satellites were operating in 
an inclined orbit, with half continuing to earn revenue beyond SES’s original estimated life for each of 
these satellites. 
HTS are a relatively new class of satellites at GEO or MEO orbits, configured to optimise the 
available frequencies, typically Ku-band or Ka-band, via frequency re-use. This is achieved by the re-
use of parts of the available frequencies in segregated spot beams, enabling higher data rates to be 
offered at a lower cost per bit than traditionally configured satellites (so called “Widebeam” satellites). 
HTS offer high capacities, typically feeding datacentric applications for fixed or mobile terminals. The 
MEO fleet is fully classified as a Ka HTS architecture. In the GEO arc, SES has three Ku hybrid 
(widebeam and HTS) satellites in operation (SES-12, SES-14 and SES-15), and one Ka HTS SES-17 
in orbit raising phase and with a planned  operational start date in mid-2022. 
In-Orbit Satellites 
The Group’s operations and engineering staff are involved from the design stage through to the 
decommissioning of each satellite procured. The Group’s employees work at the manufacturers’ and 
launchers’ sites to monitor progress, which enables the Group to maintain close technical collaboration 
with its contractors during the process of designing, manufacturing and launching a satellite. Extensive 
monitoring of earth station operations and constant satellite control and network operations support 
ensure consistent operational quality, as well as timely corrections when problems arise. In addition, 
the Group has established contingency plans for technical problems that may occur during the lifetime 
of a satellite. 
These features also contribute to the resilience of the Group’s network, which enables the Group 
to ensure the continuity of service that is important for its customers and to retain flexibility in the event 
that it needs to move customers to alternative capacity. The design flexibility of some of the Group’s 
satellites enables it to meet customer demand and respond to changing market conditions. 
End of Design Life 
End of design life is the point beyond which successful operation of the satellite is no longer 
covered by the manufacturers’ qualification programmes and reliability predictions. Various elements 
are considered in satellite design, such as the length of the mission, equipment reliability and 
redundancy schemes, limited life terms and impacts of the space environment, as well as required power 
generation levels. Satellites that have reached the end of their design lives may be re-orbited and placed 
in a “graveyard orbit” beyond the geostationary orbit, or in some instances, may remain in operation, 
as in many cases those satellites are launched with enough on-board propellant to enable station-
keeping, or inclined-orbit operations, beyond their design lives.  
As of 31 March 2022, around 50 GEO operational satellites of SES have depreciable lives 
between 10 and 18 years, with an average depreciable life currently of 15 years. 16 of the satellites have 
already reached the end of their depreciable life; for the other satellites the average remaining 
depreciable life is 7 years.

--- Page 108 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
106 
 
 
 
 
 
As of 31 March 2022, of the 20 MEO operational satellites of SES, 16 have depreciable lives 
between 10 and 12 years, with an average depreciable life currently of 11 years. The other four satellites 
were depreciated early due to technical issues with those satellites; for the other satellites the average 
remaining depreciable life is 6 years. 
Network Operations and Current Ground Facilities 
The Group has satellite operations centres in Betzdorf,Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Woodbine 
(Maryland) and Manassas (Virginia), from which the Group controls and operates each of its satellites 
and payloads (with the exception of QuetzSat-1, SES-7, SES-14 and the YahLive payload, which are 
operated by third parties) and manages the communications services for which each satellite is used. 
These centres utilise a network of ground facilities, including earth stations that provide tracking, 
telemetry and control (TT&C) services for the Group’s satellites. This network also includes teleports, 
leased fibre and network performance monitoring systems. Through these ground facilities, the Group 
continually monitors signal quality, endeavours to protect bandwidth from any interference and 
maintains customer-installed equipment and analyses telemetry from the Group’s satellites in order to 
monitor their status and track their location. In the event that one centre is unavailable or disabled, each 
other centre or backup centre has the ability to provide instantaneous restoration of satellite control 
services on behalf of the other. 
Capacity Sparing and Backup and General Satellite Risk Management 
As part of the Group’s satellite risk management, the Group continually evaluates and designs 
plans to mitigate the risks posed to its fleet. The Group attempts to mitigate the risk of in-orbit failure 
by careful vendor selection, stringent satellite design and test requirements and active procurement 
oversight and high-quality in-orbit operations. The impacts of such failures on customer service and 
related revenue are mitigated by an in-orbit backup strategy where customers on an impaired satellite 
can be transferred to another satellite in the fleet. The Group maintains some form of backup capacity 
for each satellite designated as being in primary operating service, which may include: 
• 
designated reserve transponders on the satellite or other on-board backup systems or designed-
in redundancies; 
• 
co-location of satellites at the same orbital position; 
• 
an in-orbit spare satellite; or 
• 
interim restoration capacity on other satellites. 
SES also has satellite control backup capability utilising European and U.S.-based satellite 
operations centres. Each satellite control centre is able to take over operations of all, or a portion thereof, 
satellite operations, to ensure full redundancy in contingency operations. 
For information on the insurance policies the Group obtains for its fleet, see section “Insurance” 
below. 
Investment Programme  
Recent and forthcoming satellite launches 
The SES-17 satellite was launched on Ariane 5 on 24 October 2021. SES-17 is a powerful HTS 
built by Thales Alenia Space. SES has a long-term commercial agreement with Thales to offer 
FlytLIVE, a new inflight connectivity service over the Americas and the Atlantic Ocean region. SES 
will operate the satellite infrastructure for FlytLIVE, as well as the complementary ground network.

--- Page 109 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
107 
 
 
 
 
 
Between 2022 and 2024, the new O3b generation of satellites (O3b mPOWER) composed of 11 
satellites will be launched and added to the O3b existing fleet. 7 satellites were ordered in 2017 and an 
additional 4 in 2020. The 4 additional O3b mPOWER satellites de-risk overall investment through 
launch resiliency, enhanced launch cadence, improved constellation efficiency and expansion in 
coverage and throughput. This new constellation being built by Boeing Satellite Systems will deliver 
multiple terabits of throughput globally and will have 35,000 fully-shapeable and steerable beams that 
can be shifted and switched in real time to align with customers’ quickly changing growth opportunities. 
O3b mPOWER will provide coverage to an area of nearly 400 million square kilometers, four fifths of 
the Earth’s surface. 
In 2022, 5  satellites will be launched as part of the US C-band accelerated clearing (SES-18, 
SES-19, SES-20, SES-21, SES-22). Two satellites each are being built by Northrop Grumman (SES-
18, SES-19) and Boeing Satellite Systems (SES-20, SES-21). An additional two satellites (SES-22, 
SES-23) have been ordered from Thales Alenia Space. The launch vehicle providers  are United Launch 
Alliance (one Atlas rocket for SES-20 and SES-21) and  SpaceX (one Falcon 9 rocket for SES-18 & 
SES-19 and one for SES-22). 
In November 2021, SES ordered two geostationary satellites from Thales Alenia Space for the 
prime orbital slot 19.2 degrees East to maintain the premium services it provides to its European video 
customers and to capture new opportunities in the region. These two replacement satellites (ASTRA 1P 
and ASTRA 1Q) are expected to launch in 2024 to replace the four satellites (ASTRA 1KR, ASTRA 
1L, ASTRA 1M, ASTRA 1N) that are currently serving customers at this orbital location 
In March 2022, SES ordered another geostationary satellite from Thales Alenia Space to replace NSS-
12 at the orbital position 57 degrees East, a key location at the crossroads of Europe, the Middle East, 
Africa and Asia. SES-26 is expected to launch in 2024. 
Capital Expenditure 
SES expects to continue to invest in satellites, both to replace existing satellites before their end 
of life, and to make available new capacity at new or existing orbital positions to meet growing demand. 
GEO-MEO capital expenditure (growth and replacement capacity, excluding acquisitions, financial 
investments, and US C-band Repurposing) was EUR 207 million in 2020, EUR 244 million in 2021 
and is expected to be EUR 950 million in 2022, reflecting growth investment (final SES-17 milestones 
and O3b mPOWER), EUR 540 million in 2023, EUR 570 million in 2024, EUR 380 million in 2025 
and EUR 360 million in 2026. The majority of projected future capital expenditure relates to satellite 
investment and is based on the Group’s current launch and service schedule in respect of procured 
satellites. 
Financing 
The financing of ongoing satellite procurement programmes is done through a range of 
structures, including, without limitation, through a mix of available resources, cash flow from 
operations, and drawings under existing or new funding arrangements where needed. 
Procurement Contracts 
The Group regularly enters into satellite construction contracts to procure satellites from 
manufacturers. The typical time required to manufacture and launch a satellite is approximately 30-36 
months (but can take more time depending on the complexity of the satellite). These contracts generally 
provide for payments to be made at certain milestones. In addition, the manufacturer may have to pay 
damages to the Group in the event that construction of the satellite is not completed on time.

--- Page 110 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
108 
 
 
 
 
 
Launch Agreements 
SES enters into launch agreements from time to time and has not entered into a multi-year 
agreement with a launcher provider.   
Satellite Health  
The Group’s fleet is diversified by manufacturer and satellite type, which reduces the likelihood 
of widespread technical problems and therefore any substantial negative impact on the Group’s 
customers and operations. The anomalies experienced to date have had little long-term impact on the 
overall transponder availability in the Group’s fleet, due to an ability to deploy back-up transponders 
or satellites to ensure adequate coverage. All of the Group’s satellites have been designed to withstand 
an expected rate of equipment failure with adequate redundancy to meet or exceed their orbital design 
lives with a probability of 75 per cent. or more. The Group has contingency plans in place that are 
tailored to a number of factors, including the mission, the strategic importance of the satellite, the 
location of the satellite and the type of anomaly. After anomalies, SES has usually been able to restore 
service on the affected satellite, provide alternative capacity on another satellite in its fleet or provide 
capacity purchased from another satellite operator. However, see the risk factor “The Group’s satellites 
may experience in-orbit destruction, damage or other failures or degradations in performance that 
could impair the satellites’ commercial performance”. 
Insurance 
 
It is the Group’s policy to obtain launch insurance for its satellites. Launch plus one year (L+1) 
insurance provides coverage from the moment of launch until one year in orbit thereafter (or in some 
cases a slightly longer period such as 16 months), in an amount equal to the fully capitalised cost of the 
satellite, which generally includes the construction costs, the L+1 insurance premium, the cost of the 
launch services, project management costs, non-reusable ground segment costs and capitalised interest. 
In limited instances, the Group may retain up to 15 per cent. of the risk for the period starting at 
separation of the spacecraft from the launch vehicle, while the launch phase itself would remain fully 
covered. 
Upon expiration of their L+1 policies, all the Group’s satellites are insured through the Group’s 
in-orbit fleet insurance policy. In-orbit insurance premiums are paid to a wholly owned subsidiary, 
which assumes only part of the risk, and a portion of the risk is reinsured with external insurance 
companies.  In-orbit insurance coverage, which may initially be for an amount comparable to launch 
insurance levels, generally decreases over time and is typically based on the net book value of the 
satellite which declines every year. The Group does not currently insure against lost revenue in the 
event of a total or partial loss of a satellite. 
The Group also procures in-orbit third party liability insurance for all its satellites. Such 
insurance is renewed annually and currently provides a yearly combined single limit of €400 million of 
coverage.  
The insurance policies generally contain exclusions from losses resulting from: 
• 
military or similar action; 
• 
any anti-satellite device; 
• 
electromagnetic and radio interference except for physical damage to a satellite directly 
resulting from this interference;

--- Page 111 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
109 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
confiscation by any governmental body; 
• 
insurrection and similar acts or governmental action to prevent such acts; 
• 
nuclear reaction or radiation contamination; 
• 
cyber attacks; 
• 
wilful or intentional acts of the named insured causing the loss or failure of satellites; and 
• 
terrorism, including unlawful seizure or wrongful exercise control of satellite. 
Insurance policies also contemplate technical margins relating to the propellant lifetime and 
solar array power generating capability of the satellites. 
The Group generally purchases insurance and reinsurance with reputable insurers having 
Standard & Poor's and AM Best ratings of A- or better. The Group may use less than A- rated insurers 
but their participation is limited to a small percentage. 
 
Sales and Marketing 
The Group’s global headquarters are located in Betzdorf, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. It 
operates worldwide through dedicated regional teams in local sales, technical, marketing and customer 
support offices in key locations around the world for the markets it serves. 
SES combines local experience close to its customers and a commercial approach focused on 
taking initiative in its markets. Its collaborative way of doing business delivers solutions that facilitate 
success for customers and market partners. 
Financing structure of the Group 
The Group has a well-balanced financing structure with access to various sources of funding, 
including the Eurobond markets, the U.S. dollar bond markets, commercial paper markets and bank 
financing. As of 31 December 2021, the Group had a debt profile with an average maturity of 7.5 years 
and an average cost of 2.9 per cent. per annum. The Group’s liquidity position was €2,249 million as 
of 31 December 2021, taking into account cash and cash equivalents of €1,049 million as of 31 
December 2021 combined with the Group’s fully undrawn syndicated multi-currency loan facility of 
€1,200 million renewed in 2019 and valid until 2026. 
Competition 
The Group competes in the market for the provision of satellite communication services to 
broadcasters, content owners and ISPs, mobile and fixed network operators and corporate and 
governmental customers worldwide. Communication services are provided using various 
communication technologies, including satellite- and terrestrial networks. The Group’s main 
competitors are other major international satellite operators, such as Intelsat, Eutelsat and Telesat as 
well as many regional operators. The Group also faces competition from suppliers of terrestrial 
communications (fibre, copper lines or coaxial cables, 2G/3G/4G/5G or microwave). All of the above 
may also be provided by re-sellers, who purchase satellite or non-satellite capacity and then resell it in 
the market.

--- Page 112 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
110 
 
 
 
 
 
SES’s main competitor in the European market is Eutelsat, a French satellite operator. Other 
competitors include smaller operators in the region such as HispaSat, Telenor, Hellas Sat, Arabsat, 
Turksat and Spacecom. 
In North America, the Group’s principal satellite competitor is Intelsat, with Telesat, Eutelsat 
and some others also providing capacity in the market. Vertically-integrated player Viasat is also a 
competitor in the North American Networks segment, DTH television in North America has long been 
a service provided by vertically integrated companies DirecTV and EchoStar, both of whom own their 
own satellite fleets. SES supplies EchoStar and affiliated companies with transmission capacity to 
supplement that of EchoStar’s own fleet. 
In the rest of the world, beyond the global satellite operators, there are several other, well 
established, regional satellite operators that compete with SES,. Competitors vary according to the 
region being served and include national satellite programmes 
Additionally, global LEO constellations, namely SpaceX Starlink, OneWeb, Telesat 
Lightspeed and Amazon Kuiper are being developed and will augment the competitive landscape in the 
future. 
Please also see section “Industry Overview and Trends” above. 
Property, Plant and Equipment  
Offices and satellite operation centres 
The Group’s administrative headquarters are located in Luxembourg. These headquarters also 
house one of the Group’s main offices and one of the prime satellite operations centres. The land that 
underlies these buildings is partially owned and partially leased on a long-term basis from the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg government pursuant to a lease that expires in 2029. The Group also has key 
offices in The Hague (the Netherlands), Princeton (New Jersey), McLean (Virginia), Reston (Virginia), 
Manassas (Virginia), Washington (DC), Unterföhring (Germany), Bucharest, Rio de Janeiro (Brazil), 
Dubai and Singapore. In Israel, SES has its main offices at Airport City (near Tel Aviv) and also owns 
a teleport at Emek HaEla.  
In total, the Group has more than 60 sites including satellite services centres and more than 20 
offices in nearly 40 countries around the world, a substantial majority of which it leases. 
The satellite operations facility of LuxGovSat S.A., a joint venture between SES and the 
Luxembourg government, is also located in Luxembourg. 
Assets 
The Group’s principal tangible assets are its satellites, its teleports and its ground network. 
The Group uses a worldwide ground network to operate its satellite fleet and to manage the 
communications services that it provides to its customers. The ground infrastructure network is mainly 
composed of TT&C and/or data/video service uplink/downlink sites and communications systems 
monitoring sites. The earth stations in the Group’s ground network provide commercial TT&C and/or 
data/video service uplink/downlink and beam-monitoring services. The Group owns teleports in the 
United States, Luxembourg and Germany and leases facilities at more than 50 other locations for 
satellite/commercial operations worldwide (excluding SES GS sites and SOHO (Small Office / Home 
Office type offices). The Group also contracts with the owners of some of these facilities for the 
provision of additional services. The Group’s network also consists of the leased communications links

--- Page 113 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
111 
 
 
 
 
 
that connect the teleports and service gateways to its satellite operations centres or platform locations 
as well as to customer sites and general carrier POPs (points of presence for network carriers/providers). 
The leases relating to the Group’s teleports, points of presence and office space expire at various 
times. SES does not believe that any such properties are individually material to the Group’s business 
or operations, and expect that the Group could find suitable properties to replace such locations if the 
leases were not renewed at the end of their respective terms. 
Employees 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group employed 2,058 individuals worldwide, the majority based 
in its Luxembourg headquarters and the US. SES is a truly international company represented by 81 
different nationalities with the U.S., Germany, Israel, France and the UK as top five nationalities by 
number of employees.  
Intellectual Property 
SES has a significant portfolio of international patents managed by its patent board and 
internationally registered trademarks to operate its business worldwide. The Group protects its 
proprietary business information, products, services and branding in a variety of ways, including relying 
on trade secret, patent and trademark laws, entering into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, 
including confidentiality and data protection clauses in commercial agreements and following internal 
corporate policies and procedures in relation to intellectual property. 
SES is currently not involved in any litigation as a result of a breach of its intellectual property 
by any party or as a result of SES’s breach of another party’s intellectual property.  
Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG) Matters 
In 2022, SES has published an Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) framework, 
focused on four pillars:  
1. Sustainable Space – advocating best practice approaches to ensuring industry-wide 
responsible use of space;  
2. Climate Action – providing solutions to combat environmental challenges through satellite 
connectivity and reducing greenhouse gas emissions across SES's operations and supply 
chain to net zero by 2050;  
3. Diversity & Inclusion – building a more diverse and inclusive workforce across all levels 
of the business through targeted actions and investments; and  
4. Critical Human Needs – developing partnerships with stakeholders to increase access to 
education, health and information services to build sustainable communities. 
Targets for all four pillars are set out in a separate ESG strategy (SES Horizon).  
The Group’s operations are subject to various laws and regulations relating to the protection of 
the environment. The Group, as an owner or operator of property and in connection with current and 
historical operations at some of its sites, could incur significant costs, including clean-up costs, fines, 
sanctions and third-party claims, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and 
regulations. The Group believes that its operations are in compliance with environmental laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 114 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
112 
 
 
 
 
 
In 2020, SES’s activities related to operating and commercialising SES’s satellite fleet, as well 
as general administration, finance and marketing, generated approximately 32,606 tons of CO2 
emissions worldwide, a decrease of 32 per cent. compared to 2019. This decrease was due to less 
business travel, decreased energy consumption and energy optimisation initiatives implemented at 
offices and teleports. Emissions from Scope 2, electricity consumption, represented the largest 
component of SES's total emissions (approximately 79 per cent.).  
SES does itself does not manufacture or launch the spacecraft; SES contracts these services 
from third party providers (see: SES CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2019: C0.1 Introduction)11. 
However, SES applies a responsible fleet management approach together with its satellite manufacturer 
to mitigate the environmental impact and to minimise space debris.  
 
 
 
 
11 See https://www.cdp.net/en/guidance

--- Page 115 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
113 
 
 
 
 
 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE OF THE GROUP 
 
 
As of 31 December 2021, the Group comprised SES and its subsidiaries, along with its 
associates, and includes the following types of entities, a substantial portion of which are wholly owned: 
• 
Operating companies, which perform substantially all of the Group’s satellite operations. These 
companies have historically owned the bulk of satellites, orbital slot licences and/or ground 
infrastructure. They are also responsible for a substantial portion of the Group’s payroll for 
employees in all fields of satellite operations. Operating companies are the market-facing 
entities of the Group, entering into customer contracts and providing the Group’s core satellite 
communication services and value-added services to external customers. 
• 
Single satellite companies, each of which is individually insured for in-orbit failures with the 
Group’s captive insurance company. 
• 
Marketing companies, which give the Group a local marketing presence in key markets and are 
often associated with local affiliates. Marketing affiliates do not enter into customer contracts. 
• 
Engineering companies, which supports the SES Engineering function. 
• 
Holding companies, which hold the Group’s financial assets. Historically, many of these 
companies were established for management reporting purposes and/or corporate 
organisational reasons. 
• 
Regulatory companies, which are incorporated in those jurisdictions that do not permit foreign 
entities to sell capacity to local customers or obtain licences, enter into concession agreements 
or acquire landing rights. 
• 
Finance companies, are responsible for the Group’s captive finance and insurance operations. 
Finance companies perform centralised funding, cash management, foreign exchange and 
interest rate hedging and insurance activities for Group entities. They also play important roles 
in external or internal funding or cash flows of the Group. 
A full list of SES’s subsidiaries and associates as at 31 December 2021 can be found at note 36 to the 
consolidated financial statements for SES for the year ended 31 December 2021, which are incorporated 
by reference in this Prospectus.

--- Page 116 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
114 
 
 
 
 
 
REGULATION 
SES’s business is regulated by a number of national and international regulatory authorities. 
The regulation of the Group’s business can be divided into two broad categories: 
• 
Rules governing the operation of the Group’s satellite networks, including rules relating to the: 
o allocation and licensing of space orbital locations and spectrum; 
o launch and operation of satellites; 
o licensing of ground infrastructure; and 
o licensing of communications services and associated equipment; 
• 
Other regulations and laws including those that apply to antitrust and competition laws, anti-
bribery and anti-corruption laws, export controls and economic sanctions. 
Regulation of the Group’s Satellite Systems 
International Regulation 
The ITU, a specialized agency of the United Nations of which most countries in the world are 
members, establishes rules and regulations relating, among other things, to the coordination of the 
international use of the radio frequency spectrum and orbital positions. The Group is required to comply 
with all provisions of the ITU Convention, including its Radio Regulations, and other applicable 
international treaties to which the aforementioned countries are parties. 
Through the Radio Regulations, which are in part designed to prevent harmful interference, the 
ITU supervises the use of orbital positions and associated frequencies. Each ITU member nation is 
required to register its proposed use of orbital slots with the ITU’s Radiocommunication Bureau. Once 
spectrum at an orbital slot has been requested by a country and the Radiocommunication Bureau is 
notified, other countries may inform the Radiocommunication Bureau of any conflicts with their present 
or proposed use of the spectrum at that orbital location. When a conflict or potential conflict is noted, 
countries must negotiate in an effort to coordinate the proposed uses and resolve any interference 
concerns. The Radiocommunication Bureau may be asked to assist in resolving any dispute arising in 
connection with proposed uses of frequencies and orbital locations. However, no binding dispute 
resolution mechanism applies, and, if there is no agreement, a satellite system will not be entitled to 
protection from interference under international law.  
The governments of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the U.S., The Netherlands, Brazil, 
Canada, Colombia, France, Germany, Mexico, Sweden and the United Kingdom are each responsible 
for filing and coordinating SES’s or its affiliates’ applications for the use of frequencies at specified 
orbital locations with the Radiocommunication Bureau under the provisions of the ITU Convention. 
When a conflict or potential conflict is noted in the Group’s use of an orbital slot or affecting a satellite 
it operates, the relevant filing administration is responsible for negotiating to resolve any intended use 
or interference concerns. In many instances these governments delegate authority to the operator, SES 
entities must then coordinate use of the spectrum at an orbital location directly with other potentially 
affected operators. If SES is not able to successfully coordinate the use of its frequencies, such use may 
be limited or even prohibited in certain instances, impairing SES's ability to provide service.

--- Page 117 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
115 
 
 
 
 
 
Spectrum Reallocation 
The ITU and a number of national governments have announced or commenced efforts to find 
more spectrum to support projected growth in demand for terrestrial broadband services. Typically these 
efforts focus on spectrum below the frequencies that SES deploys on the Group’s satellites. In some 
countries, however, parts of the C-band frequencies (3.4-3.6 GHz or 3.4-3.8 GHz) have been or will 
soon be designated for shared terrestrial use, thereby inhibiting use by the Group’s satellites and limiting 
growth of services using these bands in those countries. In addition, a few countries are contemplating 
expansion of terrestrial operations in the 3.8-4.2 GHz band. It is expected that pressure to designate C-
band or parts of the C-band for terrestrial broadband will continue, which could further limit the use of 
satellite services in this band.  
There have also been attempts to introduce or increase terrestrial use or “sharing” of the Ku- 
and Ka-band frequencies the Group uses for satellite services. A number of countries, including the 
markets in which SES currently provides services have implemented or are considering terrestrial 
fixed or mobile operations (to varying degrees) in portions of the Ka-band frequencies used by the 
Group outside of the ITU World Radiocommunications Conference process.  The Group cannot be 
certain that some countries in which it does business will not reallocate the satellite spectrum that it 
uses today in favour of terrestrial services or introduce constraints on the Group’s operations through 
spectrum sharing. 
National Regulation 
In addition to the Radio Regulations and frequency coordination process of the ITU, SES is 
subject to the regulatory authority of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the United States, the 
Netherlands, Germany, the United Kingdom, Gibraltar, the Bailiwick of Jersey (Jersey), Mexico, 
Canada, Sweden, the EU, Bermuda, the Andean Community, Brazil, France and of the countries and 
regions in which it operates.  
As a provider of satellite services and capacity, SES is subject to the communications, 
space,broadcasting and other laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. In 
addition, SES is subject to the laws and regulations of countries to, from or within which it provides 
services or offers satellite capacity. Numerous markets in which SES does business require some form 
of market access approval or authorisation prior to SES offering capacity or services in those markets. 
SES seeks such approvals or authorisations as required but cannot be certain that all such approvals or 
authorisations will be granted in a timely manner or at all. Such approvals and authorisations may also 
be subject to conditions that constrain operations and/or impose heavy licensing and/or spectrum fees 
to be paid to national governments. 
Countries or regulatory authorities may adopt or modify laws, policies or regulations, or change 
their interpretation of existing laws, policies or regulations, that could cause existing authorisations to 
be changed or cancelled, require SES to incur additional costs or otherwise adversely affect operations 
or revenue. Any regulatory approvals are subject to modification, rescission, expiration and renewal. 
If SES fails to obtain or maintain particular approvals, including for market access, on 
acceptable terms, such failure could delay or prevent the offering of some or all of its services and 
adversely affect the results of its operations, business prospects and financial condition. In particular, 
SES may not be able to obtain all of the required regulatory approvals for the construction, launch and 
operation of any future satellites, or for use of the orbital positions planned for these satellites. Even if 
SES is able to obtain the necessary approvals and orbital positions, the licences obtained may impose 
significant operational restrictions or permit interference by others that could affect the use of the 
satellites.

--- Page 118 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
116 
 
 
 
 
 
Below is a summary of several key authorizing jurisdictions. This list is not exhaustive and SES 
is subject to regulation in every jurisdiction where it licenses space craft or provides service. 
Luxembourg 
SES ASTRA, S.A. (SES ASTRA) (a subsidiary of the Group) holds its rights to operate from 
Luxembourg pursuant to a concession agreement granted by the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, pursuant 
to Article 20 of the 1991 Law of Electronic Media as amended (la loi du 27 juillet 1991 sur les médias 
électroniques) (the Electronic Media Law), and an associated term sheet (the Cahier des Charges). The 
concession agreement (the Concession Agreement or the Concession) will remain valid until 31 
December 2041. Under the Concession Agreement, as amended, SES ASTRA has the right to operate 
satellites in the orbits and frequencies listed in a Register of Rights of Use.  
Customers and other Commercial Arrangements 
The Concession Agreement authorises SES ASTRA to enter into agreements for the use of 
satellite capacity with customers on such commercial and other terms as SES ASTRA may agree so 
long as: 
• 
the customers agree to comply with all relevant conditions of the Cahier des Charges; 
• 
the customers are required to comply with the relevant national legislation and any applicable 
international conventions; and 
• 
the Luxembourg government (the Government) does not object to the operations of the relevant 
customer. 
Government Supervision 
Pursuant to the Concession Agreement, the Government is entitled to appoint up to two 
commissioners. Currently, Luxembourg has two appointed commissioners who may participate in 
general meetings of SES ASTRA’s shareholders and meetings of the Board of Directors or any of its 
committees. The commissioner may oppose any measure taken or envisaged by SES ASTRA that 
would, amongst others, be contrary to Luxembourg law or international conventions applicable to the 
Government, or compromise the exploitation of the concession or the public order of Luxembourg. The 
commissioner may oppose and suspend any measure taken by SES ASTRA. SES ASTRA has five days 
to appeal against any suspension failing which the suspension becomes a permanent veto. Appeals are 
to the cabinet of the Government which is required to decide any appeal within 21 days. 
The articles of incorporation of SES ASTRA may not be modified without the Government’s 
prior written approval. The Government may only oppose any modifications of the articles of 
incorporation of SES ASTRA in the case where such changes (i) will be contrary to national law or 
international conventions or (ii) will compromise the exploitation of the Concession. In addition, under 
the Concession Agreement, certain allocations or transfers of shares of SES ASTRA require the 
Government’s written approval. 
Modification of the Concession Terms 
The Government can unilaterally amend the terms and conditions of the Concession 
Agreement, as set out in the Cahier des Charges. If a modification adversely affects the financial and 
commercial benefits of the Concession Agreement or of the New Concession Agreement, the 
Government must indemnify SES ASTRA for any detriment and loss of income SES ASTRA suffers, 
failing which (or if such indemnification is not reasonably acceptable) SES ASTRA can terminate the 
concession on 12 months’ notice without liability for compensation and without prejudice to SES

--- Page 119 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
117 
 
 
 
 
 
ASTRA’s right to claim damages. Any substantial modification of the Cahier des Charges which 
definitively disrupts the financial and commercial balance between the Government and SES ASTRA 
will be treated as an outright termination of the Concession or of the New Concession that is in 
contravention of the Electronic Media Law . In such an event, the Government will be liable to 
indemnify SES ASTRA for losses incurred and other damages, including consequential damages such 
as any depreciation in value of assets, reduced ability to repay debts and fulfil other obligations, and 
loss in future profit. 
The Government is not responsible for any loss that SES ASTRA suffers (not attributable to 
the Government or to SES ASTRA) if the economic conditions under which it operates change 
dramatically in a manner which could not have been reasonably foreseen at the time the Concession 
was granted. However, if such a change occurs, SES ASTRA has the right to require that the Cahier 
des Charges be revised to reflect the new circumstances. If the Government refuses or if SES ASTRA 
reasonably considers the proposed amendment to be insufficient, SES ASTRA may terminate the 
concession on 12 months’ notice without liability to the Government. 
Withdrawal of Concession 
The Concession may only be withdrawn by the Government in accordance with Article 20(4) 
of the Electronic Media Law: (a) if the conditions required for obtaining it are no longer met; or (b) if 
the obligations entered in the specifications are not respected; or (c) if it is not regularly exploited, in 
accordance with the terms and conditions. Under the terms of the Concession, the Government may 
withdraw the concession in whole or in part if SES ASTRA remains in breach of the concession or 
Cahier des Charges after notice from the Government to remedy the specified breach within a 
reasonable time set by the state. The Government may also deprive SES ASTRA of all or part of the 
exclusive rights if SES ASTRA fails to continuously and regularly exploit the concession at an optimum 
level to obtain long-term maximum financial profitability. The procedure applicable is the same as for 
a withdrawal. 
Upon the withdrawal of the concession by reason of a breach of the Concession Agreement or 
the New Concession Agreement, or of the associated Cahier des Charges, SES ASTRA will forfeit all 
rights associated with the Concession and the Government may seek to become the owner of the 
ASTRA satellites, control facilities and other equipment and be substituted as a party to any agreements 
necessary for the exploitation of the Concession. SES ASTRA will be entitled to fair and equitable 
indemnification before any property rights are so transferred.  
SES ASTRA has no reason to believe that the Government has grounds for or intends to 
withdraw the Concession or the New Concession. 
Jersey 
The operation of the O3b constellation is subject to the regulatory authority of Jersey and the 
United Kingdom. As a British Crown Dependency, Jersey’s space and ITU activities are handled by the 
United Kingdom. Accordingly, the UK Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) is responsible for licensing 
O3b’s space activities under the OSA. The CAA will not issue a licence unless it is satisfied that 
activities authorised by the licence will not: 
• 
jeopardise public health or the safety of persons or property; 
• 
be inconsistent with the international obligations of the United Kingdom or the Bailiwick of 
Jersey; or 
• 
impair the national security of the United Kingdom or the Bailiwick of Jersey.

--- Page 120 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
118 
 
 
 
 
 
The CAA’s predecessor, the UKSA, has issued licences to O3b for O3b’s first twenty satellites, 
and applications have been made to the CAA for the next-generation O3b mPower constellation.  
O3b’s use of spectrum is regulated by Ofcom. The United Kingdom does not issue licences for 
satellite use of spectrum. O3b brought into use its assigned frequencies prior to the deadline of 23 
October 2014. 
The Netherlands 
On 16 November 1998, the government of The Netherlands issued New Skies Satellites B.V. 
(New Skies)’s predecessor a Licence Letter setting forth the rights of New Skies to exploit geostationary 
arc orbital locations and associated frequencies in accordance with ITU obligations, including the ITU 
Radio Regulations.  
New Skies is subject to the provisions of The Netherlands Telecommunications Act, as 
amended (the NTA). The NTA does not require a licence for the operation of activities that New Skies 
performs in The Netherlands and for the exploitation of satellite frequencies. New Skies notifies The 
Netherlands government and requests updates to the Licence Letter in advance of the launch or 
modification of satellites at particular orbital locations. Denial of such requests could have a material 
adverse effect on SES’s business. The Radiocommunications Agency (Agentschap Telecom) regulates 
the New Skies licence under the NTA and may impose penalties, or revoke or amend the New Skies 
licence. New Skies is not aware of any infringements and has no reason to believe that it is in violation 
of any part of its licence. 
The Space Activities Act (the Wet Ruimtevaartactiviteiten) effective 1 January 2008 regulates 
space activities falling under Dutch jurisdiction. New Skies operates under a licence effective 19 
December 2008 pursuant to Article 3 of this Act.  
The Space Activities Act enables the revocation of the licence if New Skies fails to comply 
with the Space Activities Act or the terms of the licence. The licence may also be revoked for failure to 
comply with a treaty or binding decisions of an international institution, or if there is good reason to 
believe that maintenance of the licence will jeopardise the safety of persons or goods, the space 
environment, public order or national security. The regulator also has authority to amend the licence 
rather than revoke it, and may require certain actions prior to revocation to ensure safety of people, 
goods and the environment. Failure to comply with the licence may result in financial penalties of up 
to €450,000 or 10 per cent of the annual sales of New Skies, whichever is greater.  
The United States 
SES AMERICOM holds FCC authorisations for a number of GEO satellites. In addition, 03b Limited 
(O3b), New Skies, SES Satellites (Gibraltar) Ltd. (SES Gibraltar), SES DTH do Brasil Ltda (SES DTH 
Brasil) and SES-17 S.à r.l. have been granted U.S. market access by the FCC for the O3b and O3b 
mPOWER constellation of MEO satellites and a number of GEO satellites. As described above, failure 
to comply with the terms and conditions of the authorizations could result in fines or revocation of such 
authorization.  
Foreign Ownership Restrictions 
Section 310(a) of the Communications Act precludes a foreign government or representative 
thereof from directly holding any FCC radio frequency licence. On 4 April 2020, President Trump 
issued an Executive Order on Establishing the Committee for the Assessment of Foreign Participation 
in the United States Telecommunications Services Sector.  The Executive Order formalizes a process 
through which FCC applications and existing licenses may be reviewed if they relate to foreign

--- Page 121 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
119 
 
 
 
 
 
participation in the United States telecommunications services sector. As noted above, several SES 
entities incorporated outside of the United States hold authorizations to operate satellites in the United 
States. Additionally, SES Americom, Inc., which holds several satellite and earth station licenses, is 
wholly-owned by a Luxembourg entity. These licenses and authorizations may be reviewed pursuant to 
the Executive Order. Any future applications submitted by any SES entity may also be subject to review 
as a result of their foreign ownership. 
Proxy Agreement and Defense Security Clearances 
As a result of U.S. national security laws and regulations, SESGS, a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of SES AMERICOM, is subject to a proxy agreement with the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD). 
SES, SES AMERICOM, SESGS and the DOD are all party to the proxy agreement (the Proxy 
Agreement).  A proxy agreement is an instrument intended to negate or mitigate the risk of foreign 
ownership, control or influence when a foreign person acquires or merges with a U.S. entity that has a 
facility security clearance. A proxy agreement conveys a foreign owner’s voting rights to proxy holders, 
comprising the proxy board. Proxy holders are cleared U.S. citizens approved by the U.S. government. 
As a result of the Proxy Agreement, strict limitations are placed on the information that may be shared 
and the interaction that may occur between SESGS, SES AMERICOM and SES. After all necessary 
approvals are received and SES completes its acquisition of GES, GES will be incorporated in and 
subject to the proxy agreement. DCSA monitors compliance with the Proxy Agreement by, at a 
minimum, reviewing SESGS’ activities on an annual basis. 
Failure to maintain security clearances, material violations of the terms of security clearances 
or loss of required security clearances or of the Proxy Agreement may result in SESGS’ inability to 
satisfy existing obligations under any classified U.S. government contracts, termination by the U.S. 
government of classified contracts with SESGS and the inability to participate in new classified 
programmes. Any material violations of U.S. law by SES, SES AMERICOM or its subsidiary holding 
security clearances could prevent SES and its subsidiaries from holding security clearances and could 
result in SES, SES AMERICOM and their subsidiaries being barred from U.S. government contracts, 
including unclassified contracts, and they could be subject to civil or criminal enforcement actions and 
penalties. 
 
The European Union 
The EU has committed to preserving principles of freedom to establish and freedom to receive 
and retransmit audiovisual media within the EU Single Market based on the Audiovisual Media 
Services (AVMS) Directive, taking into account the effect of Brexit. In the EU, the “country of origin 
principle” applies to the distribution of traditional TV broadcasts and on-demand services. Because 
satellite transmissions are often international in nature (i.e., uplinked from one country and received in 
another or several other countries), the country of origin principle avoids the cumulative burden on 
satellite broadcasters (or service providers) of complying with the laws and regulations of multiple 
Member States. 
The AVMS Directive is important to SES’s business. To the extent the service providers whose 
content are transmitted via SES’s satellites are appropriately licensed in one EU Member State, there 
are no additional broadcasting licensing requirements. SES undertakes to confirm that broadcasters (or 
service providers) transmitting via its satellites have all necessary licences. Non-EU broadcasters using 
ASTRA satellites may turn to the EU country in which the uplink is located, or the EU country to which 
the satellite capacity appertains (e.g., Luxembourg, Sweden or the Netherlands, in the case of the 
Group’s satellites over Europe). The national authority from an EU Member State could issue an order 
to interrupt broadcasting of a European or non-European channels, but it needs to be duly justified and

--- Page 122 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
120 
 
 
 
 
 
the enforcement procedure is cumbersome. If an audiovisual media customer of the Group is prevented 
from delivering its services across borders, SES may not be able to carry out long-term contracts, 
thereby forcing the customer to look for alternative distribution methods.A small number of countries 
today use, or have proposed to introduce, an auction mechanism to assign spectrum for the provision of 
satellite services in their national territory. A number of other countries have introduced, or are 
considering, market-based spectrum fees (e.g., based on “opportunity cost” pricing) for all spectrum 
use, including satellite spectrum use. The Group cannot be certain that the use of such auctions and/or 
fees will not increase. If they do, they could create significant barriers to entry and significantly increase 
the Group’s costs of doing business in those countries. 
Regulation of Earth Stations 
SES, its subsidiaries and its affiliates operate gateway and TT&C earth stations in a number of 
jurisdictions. SES or its subsidiaries and affiliates hold the relevant earth station licences in these 
jurisdictions. SES also maintains authority to operate aeronautical earth station antennas in a number of 
jurisdictions. Fees are paid in connection with both the fixed and aeronautical antenna applications and 
licences. Renewal fees and/or annual regulatory fees are also assessed on earth stations. Violations of 
rules applicable to earth station licensing may result in sanctions, fines, loss of authorisations and 
denials of authorisations for new earth stations and for renewals of existing authorisations. 
Other Laws and Regulations 
SES is subject to a variety of laws wherever it conducts business, including those applying to 
anti-corruption, economic sanctions and competition law.  SES has a comprehensive compliance 
program that includes policies and training; however, the Group cannot guarantee that its compliance 
program will prevent or detect all violations of the applicable laws and regulations.  If a violation occurs, 
the Group could be subject to civil penalties, including fines, the denial of export privileges, asset 
seizures, debarment from government contracts, criminal fines or imprisonment. Such violations could 
also negatively impact the Group’s reputation and business prospects.  
Antitrust and Competition Laws 
SES is subject to and must comply with applicable competition laws and regulations in the 
jurisdictions in which it does business. Based on market conditions and SES’s commercial interests in 
a particular country, these laws and regulations may limit SES’s ability to provide service in a country. 
In certain cases, SES may be required to obtain approval from the relevant governmental authority in 
order to provide service or complete a transaction, merger, joint venture or other activity in which it 
would have a controlling interest. Depending on how any relevant market is defined, SES may be 
deemed to operate in a highly concentrated market and hold strong market positions in several countries. 
As a result, there is no guarantee that competition authority approval will be granted for such 
transaction or activity. In some circumstances, competition authorities may allow a venture or activity 
to proceed but would place limitations or conditions upon SES’s activities. SES may be required to 
forego commercial opportunities should competition authorities not allow a transaction, merger, joint 
venture or other activity to proceed or should the limitations imposed by that authority be determined 
to be overly burdensome. 
In its SES/DPC merger control decision in December 2004, the German Competition Authority 
(Bundeskartellamt) found that SES held a dominant position in the market for the provision of satellite 
capacity for DTH services in Germany (or the German-speaking territory). The Bundeskartellamt 
concluded that SES’s satellite transponder business in Germany must comply with special, more 
stringent competition rules for dominant companies. In particular, the Group must not discriminate

--- Page 123 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
121 
 
 
 
 
 
against business partners, refuse to supply satellite capacity without objective reasons, enter into 
exclusive purchase agreements with or grant loyalty rebates to customers, or tie the sale of satellite 
capacity and other services. 
Export Controls and Sanctions Regulations 
SES must comply with export controls wherever it ships out equipment. Depending on the 
nature of the equipment and the laws of the country from where the items are shipped, SES may need a 
license to export them. Similarly, certain technical information may require a license before it is shared 
among SES entities and personnel located in different countries.  There can be no guarantee that the 
necessary export licences will be obtained in a timely fashion or that the required export will be 
approved, which could impact SES’s ability to provide service and collect revenue. 
As an international company with subsidiaries in its countries of operations, SES is also subject 
to the financial and trade sanctions laws of the jurisdictions where it operates, including the following: 
• 
the Arms Export Control Act, implemented by ITAR and administered by the U.S. State 
Department; 
• 
the Export Administration Act/International Emergency Economic Powers Act, implemented 
by the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) and administered by the U.S. Commerce 
Department;  
• 
the sanctions laws, executive orders and related regulations, including those administered by 
the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC); and 
• 
Directives issued by the EU Commission and sanctions laws implemented by EU Member 
States. 
These laws impose restrictions on SES’s ability to do business in, or export hardware to, certain 
countries or specific entities. In certain cases, SES may be able to obtain authorisation from the relevant 
sanctioning country in order to provide service that would otherwise be subject to sanctions; however, 
there is no guarantee that such authorisation will be granted. As a result, SES may be required to forgo 
commercial opportunities that are subject to sanctions. 
The Group has policies and systems in place designed to monitor the Group’s activities and to 
prevent the Group from engaging in prohibited activities or dealing with entities on the SDN list. Failure 
to obtain or maintain required export or sanctions authorisations or failure to comply with applicable 
export control and sanctions laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on business. This 
may render it difficult or impossible to obtain the necessary licences for exports related to satellites, 
launch services, TT&C, and equipment. Additionally, failure of SES’s vendors or suppliers to obtain 
the necessary export authorisations could affect SES and its subsidiaries’ and affiliates’ ability to 
acquire, launch or operate satellites or provide service to customers. 
Within the last five years, SES and its subsidiaries have not filed disclosures with the U.S. State 
Department’s Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DDTC) regarding possible violations of the 
ITAR.  
On 19 March 2020, O3b USA Networks LLC submitted an initial notice of voluntary self-
disclosure to the Commerce Department identifying a potential violation of the EAR. Specifically, O3b 
may have released export controlled information to a Syrian national hired to provide support on a 
contract basis without obtaining prior authorization from the Commerce Department. SES conducted 
an internal review and concluded that its release of technology to the Syrian national did not violate the

--- Page 124 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
122 
 
 
 
 
 
EAR. O3b submitted a report to the Commerce Department  on 16 September 2020 which in turn closed 
the matter without issuing penalties on 23 November 2020. 
MX1 Inc. submitted an initial notice of voluntary self-disclosure to the U.S. Department of 
Commerce Office of Antiboycott Compliance (OAC) on 21 July 2020.  Specifically, MX1 Inc. entered 
into two commercial contracts which contain provisions which may violate the EAR antiboycott 
provisions concerning Israel. SES recently completed its internal review of the matter and submitted a 
full voluntary self-disclosure report to the OAC on 11 June 2021.  
SES submitted an initial notice of voluntary self-disclosure to OFAC on 23 May 2017 
concerning potential compliance concerns in connection with a contract that MX1 (formerly RR Media 
and acquired by SES on 6 July 2016) entered into with a United Kingdom entity in July 2015, to transfer 
content produced by an Iranian entity subject to U.S. sanctions. SES filed its final report with OFAC 
on 5 June 2019 and received notice from OFAC on 25 October 2019 that it would close the matter 
without issuing penalties.  
On 10 July 2019, SES filed an initial notification of voluntary self-disclosure to OFAC 
concerning potential compliance concerns in connection with satellite and related support services 
provided to maritime customers that in turn resold those services to ships either owned or controlled by 
sanctioned entities or operating in sanctioned territorial waters. SES conducted an internal investigation 
of this matter and provided OFAC with a full voluntary self-disclosure report on 17 June 2020.  In 
October 2021, SES and OFAC entered into an agreement to toll any applicable statute of limitations 
“with regard to apparent or alleged violations of the Regulations by SES identified during the 
investigation” until 6 December 2022. Therefore, potential violations described in the voluntary 
disclosure that would otherwise be time-barred under the five-year statute of limitations applicable to 
breaches of US sanctions will remain pending with OFAC until 6 December 2022.

--- Page 125 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
123 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SES AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
SES 
The corporate name of SES is SES and its business name is SES. SES was incorporated under 
the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg on 16 March 2001 as a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme) and is registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Company Register under number 
B 81.267. SES is governed by Luxembourg law. SES’s registered address is Château de Betzdorf, L-
6815 Betzdorf,Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its telephone number is + 352 710 725-1. SES is 
incorporated for an unlimited term. 
Share Capital 
SES has issued two classes of shares: A Shares and B Shares. Although they constitute separate 
classes of shares, A Shares and B Shares carry the same rights except that (i) the B Shares, held by the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and by two entities wholly-owned by the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, 
entitle their holders to only 40 per cent. of the dividend, or in case SES is dissolved, to 40 per cent. of 
the net liquidation proceeds paid to holders of A Shares and (ii) that the B Shares are entitled to a 
preferential subscription right for all capital increases of SES. Each Share, whether of A or B, is entitled 
to one vote. The B Shares are not listed on any regulated market. For the number of issued shares of 
each class as of 17 May 2022 (being the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this Prospectus) 
see “Principal Shareholders” below.  
 Shares in SES held by or on behalf of SES itself 
As at 31 December 2021, SES held, directly and indirectly, 19,748,429 FDRs, with carrying 
value of EUR 174 million and 6 million Class B shares, with carrying value of EUR 15 million. 
Information on the share capital of SES for the last financial year  
On 7 April 2022, the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of SES decided to reduce the share 
capital pursuant to article 450-7 of the Luxembourg Company Law by an amount of EUR 22.5 million 
by cancellation of 12 million class A shares without indication of a nominal value and 6 million class 
B shares without indication of a nominal value, acquired by SES Astra acting for and on behalf of SES 
under the share buyback program of 6 May 2021. The extraordinary shareholders’ meeting of SES 
authorised the Board of SES to effect the reduction and cancellation as of September 2022. 
Dividend policy 
The Board of SES proposed a dividend of EUR 0.50 for each A class share for 2021. This 
dividend, which was approved at SES’s annual general meeting on 7 April 2022, was paid to 
shareholders on 21 April 2022. 
Objects and Purposes 
According to Article 2 of its Articles of Association, SES’s objects and purposes are to take 
generally any interest whatsoever in electronic media and to be active, more particularly, in the area of 
communications via satellite. In this context, SES’s purpose is the holding of participations, in any form 
whatsoever, in Luxembourg companies and foreign companies, and any other form of investment, the 
acquisition by purchase, subscription, or in any other manner as well as the transfer by sale, exchange 
or otherwise of securities of any kind, and the administration, control and development of its portfolio. 
In addition, SES may conduct all kinds of commercial, industrial and financial business, with movable 
as well as with immovable assets, which it may deem useful in the accomplishment of its purpose. SES

--- Page 126 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
124 
 
 
 
 
 
may also hold any kind of interest, in any form, by way of participations, guarantees or otherwise, in 
any Luxembourg or foreign enterprise, company or association likely to further SES’s purpose to the 
best use. 
Board of Directors 
 According to Article 9 of the SES’s Articles of Association, SES is managed by the Board of 
Directors. The General Meeting of Shareholders elects the Board of Directors and determines the 
number of members on the Board of Directors, their remuneration and the term of office (which may 
not exceed six years). The Board of Directors is composed of 11 non-executive directors. In accordance 
with the Articles of Association, two-thirds of the Board of Directors members represent holders of A 
Shares and one-third of the Board of Directors members represent holders of B Shares. The following 
table sets forth the name, position and term of mandate of each member of the Board of Directors as of 
7 April 2022. 
Name 
Position 
Term of mandate 
Mr. Frank ESSER 
Independent Non-executive 
Director and Chairman 
2023 
Dr. Jennifer BYRNE 
Independent Non-executive 
Director 
2024 
 
Mrs. Anne-Catherine RIES 
 
Non-executive Director and 
Vice-Chairperson 
2023 
Mr.  Carlo FASSBINDER 
 
Non-executive Director 
2024 
Mr. Peter VAN BOMMEL 
Independent Non-executive 
Director and Vice-Chairperson 
2025 
Mrs. Béatrice DE CLERMONT-
TONNERRE 
Independent Non-executive 
Director 
2025 
Mr.  Jacques THILL 
Non-executive Director 
2023 
Mr. Ramu POTARAZU 
Independent Non-executive 
Director 
2023 
Mr. Kaj-Erik RELANDER 
Independent Non-executive 
Director 
2023 
Ms. Françoise THOMA 
 
Non-executive Director 
2025 
Mrs. Katrin WEHR-SEITER 
Independent Non-executive 
Director 
2024 
 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is Château de Betzdorf, L-6815 
Betzdorf, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its telephone number is + 352 710 725-1.

--- Page 127 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
125 
 
 
 
 
 
Biographical information – Board of Directors  
Mr. Frank Esser 
Mr. Frank Esser became a director on 11 February 2020. He is the former Chairman and CEO 
of SFR, the leading private French Telecom Operator. In this function he served also as a Board Member 
of Vivendi Group. Prior to joining SFR, Mr. Esser held several managerial positions with Mannesmann 
group. He was elected as Chairman of the Board on 2 April 2020 and re-elected for the same position 
on 1 April 2021. He also serves as Vice Chair of Swisscom. Mr. Esser holds a PhD in Managerial 
Economics and an MS in Economics both from the University of Cologne. He is Chair of the Strategic 
Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee of SES. 
Mr. Esser is a German national. He is an independent director. 
Dr. Jennifer Byrne 
Dr. Jennifer Byrne became a director on 7 April 2022. Dr Byrne worked at Lockheed Martin 
for 25 years, from 1993 to 2018. In her final role with Lockheed Martin as VP, Space and Missile 
Systems, she managed a team of 8,000 people. She had responsibility for leading the design, 
development, operation and sustainment of Civil Space, Military Space, Commercial Space, Strategic 
Missile Defence and Special Programs platforms. Dr Jennifer Byrne moved to London in 2018 to take 
up her current role as COO of G-Research, which is a quantitative research and technology business. 
She has a B.S. in Mathematics and Biochemistry from the University of Dallas, an M.S.E. in Computer 
Applications in Systems Engineering from Temple University and holds a Ph.D. in Systems 
Engineering from George Washington University. Dr. Byrne is a member of the Nomination Committee 
of SES. 
Dr Jennifer Byrne is a US national. She is an independent director. 
Mr. Carlo Fassbinder 
 
Mr. Carlo Fassbinder became a director on 7 April 2022. Mr. Fassbinder has 25 years of 
experience in the field of taxation, finance and accounting and is Director of tax at the Ministry of 
Finance since 2017. He advises the finance minister on tax policies and tax treaties, and assists in the 
preparation of the Council meeting (ECOFIN). From 1997 to 2017 he worked in the tax department of 
BGL BNP Paribas where he was Head of Tax Retail & Corporate Banking since 2011. Mr. Fassbinder 
is also a board member of Société Electrique de l’Our. He holds a Maîtrise en droit des affaires from 
Robert Schuman University in Strasbourg and a Magister Legum (LL.M.) in tax law from Ludwig 
Maximilians University in Munich. Mr. Fassbinder is a member of the Audit and Risk Committee of 
SES. 
Mr. Fassbinder is a Luxembourg national. He is not an independent director because he 
represents a major shareholder. 
Mr. Jacques Thill 
 
Mr. Jacques Thill became a director on 2 December 2021. Mr. Thill currently serves as First 
Government Advisor to the Prime Minister and Coordinator at the Luxembourg Prime Minister’s 
Office. Since 2018 he is also the Government Delegate to the State Intelligence Service. Mr.Thill joined 
the Luxembourg diplomatic service in 2004 and has represented Luxembourg in numerous bi- and 
multilateral negotiations. His diplomatic career includes postings to the Luxembourg Permanent 
Representation to the United Nations in New York and to the Luxembourg Embassy in Moscow, as 
well as to the EU High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy at the Council of

--- Page 128 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
126 
 
 
 
 
 
the European Union in Brussels. From 2009 to 2013, Mr. Thill served as diplomatic advisor to the Prime 
Minister. In 2013, he was appointed Deputy Secretary General of the Luxembourg Government, before 
becoming Secretary General of the Luxembourg Government until June 2020. Mr. Thill holds a Master 
in European and International Law from the Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne University and an MA in 
European Political and Administrative Studies from the College of Europe in Bruges where he 
specialized in European Competition Law and European Foreign Policy. From 2015 to 2021, Mr. Thill 
was a member of the Board of Directors of LuxGovSat S.A. Mr. Thill is a member of the Nomination 
Committee of SES. 
Mr. Thill is a Luxembourg national. He is not an independent director because he represents a major 
shareholder. 
Ms. Anne-Catherine Ries 
Ms. Ries became a director on 1 January 2015. Ms. Ries is Senior Policy Advisor to the Prime 
Minister and Minister for Media and Communications in Luxembourg, in charge of media, telecom and 
digital policy. Ms. Ries holds a law degree from the Université de Paris II and the University of Oxford, 
and a postgraduate LL.M degree with honours from the London School of Economics, where she 
specialised in Telecommunications, Information Technology and European Competition Law. After 
starting her professional career in a law firm in Paris, she joined the Permanent Representation of 
Luxembourg to the EU in Brussels. Upon her return to Luxembourg and for over 15 years, her focus 
was on attracting and developing tech companies in Luxembourg. She sits on the Board of Directors of 
POST Luxembourg. Ms. Ries is the Vice-Chairperson of the Board and Chairperson of the Nomination 
Committee of SES. 
Ms. Ries is a Luxembourg and French national. She is not an independent director because she 
represents a major shareholder. 
Mr. Peter van Bommel 
 
Mr. Peter van Bommel became a director on 2 April 2020. He is Chief Financial Officer and 
member of the Board of Management of ASM International. He has more than twenty years of 
experience in the electronics and semiconductor industry. He spent most of his career at Philips, which 
he joined in 1979. Mr. van Bommel sits on the Board of ASM Pacific Technology, Neways Electronics 
International, Bernhoven Foundation and the Amsterdam Business School, where he is the Chair of the 
EMFC Curatorium. He was also a Director of KPN from 2012-2020. Mr. van Bommel holds an MSc 
in Economics from Erasmus University in Rotterdam. Mr. van Bommel is the Chair of the Audit and 
Risk Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee, the Strategic Committee and the 
Finance and Investment Committee of SES. 
Mr. van Bommel is a Dutch national. He is an independent director. 
Mrs. Béatrice de Clermont-Tonnerre 
Mrs. Béatrice de Clermont-Tonnerre became a director on 2 April 2020. She is the former 
Director, AI Partnerships EMEA of Google, having left Google in Q3 2019 after six years. Before that, 
Mrs. de Clermont-Tonnerre worked for Groupe Lagardère in different positions including Senior VP 
for Business Development. She previously worked at Groupe Canal Plus, having started her career with 
Radio France Internationale. She is a member of the Board of Directors of Grupo Prisa (Spain) and 
Klépierre (France). She is also an Investor and Executive Committee Member of Kayrros, a leading 
Asset Observation global platform. Mrs. de Clermont-Tonnerre holds a Master’s degree in politics and 
Economics from the Institut d’Etudes Politiques in Paris and an MBA from ESSEC Business School,

--- Page 129 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
127 
 
 
 
 
 
France. Mrs. Clermont-Tonnerre is a member of the Nomination Committee and the Strategic 
Committee of SES. 
Mrs. de Clermont-Tonnerre is a French national. She is an independent director. 
Mr. Ramu Potarazu 
Mr. Potarazu became a director on 20 February 2014. He is the CEO of Binary Fountain. He is 
the founder and former CEO of Vubiquity. Prior to founding Vubiquity, Mr. Potarazu spent 15 years in 
various positions at Intelsat (1991-2006). He became Intelsat’s Vice President of Operations and CIO 
in 1996 and its Vice President, Commercial Restructuring in 2000. In 2001, Mr. Potarazu became 
President of Intelsat Global Service Corporation and from 2002 to 2006 he was President and Chief 
Operating Officer of Intelsat Ltd. Prior to joining Intelsat, Mr. Potarazu held several engineering 
positions. Mr. Potarazu graduated with a BS in Computer Science and in Mathematics from the 
Oklahoma Christian University. He also holds an MSc in Electrical Engineering from the John Hopkins 
University and was a member of the Stanford Executive Program. He is a member of the Remuneration 
Committee, the Audit and Risk Committee and the Strategic Committee of SES. 
Mr. Potarazu is a U.S. national. He is an independent director. 
Mr. Kaj-Erik Relander 
Mr. Relander became a director on 6 April 2017. He is Senior Independent Advisor of 
Mubadala Development Company. Mr. Relander worked for the Finnish National Fund for Research 
and Development prior to joining Sonera Corporation where he held several management positions, 
including the position of CEO. He left Sonera in 2001 to join Accel Partners, a private equity and 
venture capital group before joining the Emirates Investment Authority in 2009 where he was a member 
of its Investment and Management Committees. Mr. Relander graduated from the Helsinki School of 
Economics with an MSC in Economics. He also holds an MBA from the Helsinki School of Economics 
having completed part of it at the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania (USA), and studied also 
for a PhD at the Wharton School and the Aalto University, Helsinki. He is Chairman of the Investment 
Committee at the private equity fund Apis.pe and a board director of Starzplay Arabia. He is a member 
of the Audit and Risk Committee, of the Nomination Committee of SES and of the Finance and 
Investment Committee. 
Mr. Relander is a Finnish national. He is an independent director. 
Ms. Françoise Thoma 
Ms. Thoma became a director on 16 June 2016. Ms. Thoma is President and Chief Executive 
Officer of Banque et Caisse d’Epargne de l’Etat, and a member of the Boards of Directors of Cargolux 
International Airlines S.A. Luxair S.A., the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and of Enovos Luxembourg 
S.A. She was a member of the Luxembourg Council of State from 2000-2015 and holds a PhD in Law 
from the Université de Paris II Panthéon-Assas and an LL.M. from Harvard Law School. Ms. Thoma 
is the Chairperson of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit and Risk Committee of 
SES. 
Ms. Thoma is a Luxembourg national. She is not an independent director because she represents 
an important shareholder.

--- Page 130 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
128 
 
 
 
 
 
Mrs. Katrin Wehr-Seiter 
Mrs. Wehr-Seiter became a director on 1 January 2015. She is a Managing Director of BIP 
Investment Partners SA and a Managing Director/Partner of BIP Capital Partners SA. Prior to joining 
BIP, she served as a Principal at global investment firm Permira and worked also as an independent 
strategy consultant as well as a Senior Advisor to international private equity group Bridgepoint. She 
started her professional career at Siemens AG where she held various positions in strategy consulting 
and engineering. She serves as a director of several non-listed corporations. Mrs. Wehr-Seiter holds an 
MBA from INSEAD and an MSc in Mechanical Engineering from the Technical University of 
Chemnitz. Mrs. Wehr-Seiter is a member of the Audit and Risk Committee, the Remuneration 
Committee and the Finance and Investment Committee of SES. 
Mrs. Wehr-Seiter is a German national. She is an independent director. 
Committees 
In accordance with article 441-6 of the Luxembourg Company Law, the Board of Directors has 
created a Remuneration Committee, an Audit and Risk Committee, a Nomination Committee, as well 
as an Executive Committee, which is responsible for the day-to-day management of SES. The 
committees are assisting the Board of Directors and may make recommendations within the parameters 
laid down by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is kept fully informed of the work of these 
committees.  
 
 
 
The Executive Committee 
The Executive Committee (known as the Senior Leadership Team), which is the senior 
decision-making body in the Group’s corporate governance framework, reviews the Group’s financial 
reporting and generates proposals for the allocation of company resources which are submitted to the 
Board of Directors, ensuring that the strategic interests of the Group are coordinated and prioritised at 
the highest executive level. 
The Executive Committee is in charge of the daily management of the Group.  
The Executive Committee is in charge of implementing all decisions taken by the Board of 
Directors and by the committees specially mandated by the Board of Directors. 
(i) 
Composition 
The Executive Committee is made up of non-directors who are elected by the Board of 
Directors upon a proposal of the Nomination Committee. Their positions represent eight primary 
business functions.  
The following persons are members of the Executive Committee: 
Name 
Position 
Mr. Steve COLLAR 
Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Sandeep JALAN  
Mr. John-Paul HEMINGWAY 
Chief Financial Officer 
Chief Strategy and Product Officer 
Mr. Christophe DE HAUWER 
Mr. Ruy PINTO 
Mr. Thai RUBIN 
Mrs. Evie ROOS 
Chief Development Officer 
Chief Technology Officer 
Chief Legal Officer 
Chief Human Resources Officer

--- Page 131 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
129 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. John BAUGHN 
 
Chief Services Officer 
 
 
The business address of the members of SES’s Executive Committee is Château de Betzdorf, 
L-6815 Betzdorf, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its telephone number is +352 710 725-1. 
Biographical information – Executive Committee 
Mr. Steve Collar 
Mr. Steve Collar was appointed CEO of SES in April 2018. He had been the CEO of SES 
Networks since May 2017. Prior to SES Networks, Mr. Collar was CEO of O3b Networks and guided 
the company through the successful build and launch of its constellation of state-of-the-art satellites. In 
2015, O3b Networks became the fastest growing satellite operator in history. In 2016, O3b was fully 
acquired by SES and now forms an integral part of SES Networks. 
Mr. Collar is a satellite industry veteran, having previously worked in a variety of commercial, 
business development and technical roles at SES WORLD SKIES, New Skies Satellites, Astrium and 
Matra Marconi Space (now Airbus).  
Mr. Collar is British national. 
Mr. Christophe De Hauwer 
Mr. Christophe De Hauwer was appointed Chief Development Officer of SES on 1 August 
2015. He is a member of the Board of SES ASTRA. Mr. De Hauwer joined SES in 2003, holding several 
positions of responsibility in the areas of Strategic Marketing, Strategic and Business Planning and 
Corporate Development, as well as Fleet Development and Yield Management. Mr. De Hauwer played 
an instrumental role in the execution of key business transactions, namely the acquisition of New Skies 
in 2005, the GE share redemption in 2006 and the investment in O3b Networks in 2009. Prior to joining 
SES, Mr. De Hauwer worked in the Strategy Consulting practice of the European Telecommunication 
and Media Industry with Arthur Andersen. He holds an Engineering and a PhD Degree from the 
Université Libre de Bruxelles. 
Mr. De Hauwer is a Belgian national. 
Mr. John-Paul Hemingway 
Mr. John-Paul (JP) Hemingway is the Chief Strategy and Product Officer. SES Networks 
provides end-to-end network solutions to some of the world’s largest telecommunications, maritime, 
aeronautical and energy companies as well as to governments around the world. 
Prior to this, Mr. Hemingway served as the Executive Vice President, Product, Marketing and 
Strategy of SES Networks where he led Product Management, Marketing, Business Development and 
Corporate Strategy and was responsible for driving development of the company's products and vertical 
market segments. 
Before SES acquired O3b and formed SES Networks, Mr. Hemingway was Chief Marketing 
Officer for O3b Networks where he oversaw the company’s Product Management, Product Marketing, 
Business Development, Marketing Communications and Strategy teams, and was integral in the success 
of O3b’s success.

--- Page 132 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
130 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Hemingway is a networking industry veteran, having previously held a variety of senior 
management roles within Ciena, a leading network specialist which includes Regional General Manager 
Sales and Operations, Regional CTO and VP Product Management. Mr. Hemingway started off his 
career at Corning Cables and Netscient. 
Mr. Hemingway holds a PhD in Optical Communications and BSc (Hons) from Manchester 
Metropolitan University, UK. 
Mr. Hemingway is a British national. 
Mr. Sandeep Jalan  
Mr. Sandeep Jalan was appointed CFO of SES in May 2020.  
Prior to SES, he had 30 years of experience in financial and operational leadership roles across 
Asia and Europe. His last role was as the CFO of Aperam, a global leader in the stainless, electrical and 
specialty steel industry, a role he has held since 2014. Previously, he worked for the ArcelorMittal 
Group since 1999 where he held various roles including the CFO of ArcelorMittal Long Carbon Europe 
and was part of the M&A team responsible for numerous acquisitions in both steel and mining. He was 
also the CFO & Company Secretary for Ispat Alloys Ltd from 1993 to 1999. 
Mr. Jalan is a Commerce Graduate from Banaras Hindu University (BHU), Chartered 
Accountant (equivalent to CPA) and Company Secretary from the respective Institutes in India. 
 He is an Indian national and a resident of Luxembourg. 
Mr. Thai Rubin 
Mr. Thai Rubin was appointed Chief Legal Officer in July 2020.  Prior to that, he was the 
General Counsel of O3b Networks where, as a key member of the leadership team, he guided the 
company to its successful commercialisation before it was acquired by SES in 2016. In addition to 
holding multiple senior leadership roles within SES, he served as General Counsel at New Skies 
Satellites, guiding it to a public listing on the NYSE in 2005 and its acquisition by SES in 2006. Before 
joining SES, Mr. Rubin worked at PanAmSat Corporation. He holds a bachelor of Science degree from 
the University of Wisconsin, Madison and a Juris Doctor from Howard University School of Law in 
Washington, D.C.  
Mr. Rubin is a US national. 
Mrs. Evie Roos 
Mrs. Evie Roos was appointed Chief Human Resources Officer in February 2017. Prior to that, 
Mrs. Roos held the position of Executive Vice-President Human Resources of SES. She oversees SES’s 
human capital activities worldwide. Mrs. Roos is also an elected member of the Luxembourg Chamber 
of Commerce. Before joining SES, Mrs. Roos held various management positions at ArcelorMittal, a 
multinational steel manufacturing and mining corporation. She holds two degrees in Law and European 
Studies from the University of Leuven in Belgium and the Europa Institut in Saarbrücken in Germany. 
Mrs. Roos is a Belgian, Luxembourg and U.S. national. 
Mr. Ruy Pinto 
Mr. Ruy Pinto was appointed Chief Technology Officer (CTO) at SES in January 2019. He had 
been the Deputy Technology Officer since 2017 and took on the additional role of Chief Information 
Officer (CIO) at SES in 2018, responsible for starting a Digital Transformation program at SES.

--- Page 133 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
131 
 
 
 
 
 
Mr. Pinto joined SES from Inmarsat where he covered various technical and managerial roles 
between 1990 to 2016, including two years as CTO of the company. His last position at Inmarsat, from 
December 2013, was Group Chief Operations Officer (COO), responsible for all Inmarsat operational 
functions. 
His external positions portfolio included two years as the Chairman of UKSpace, the UK space 
industry trade association, and four years as a Director and VP of Space for the Association of Defence, 
Security and Aerospace Companies (ADS). Mr. Pinto has just completed a six-year appointment as 
Non-Executive Director of the Space Application Catapult, established by the UK government to foster 
the development of space applications in the UK. Previously, Mr. Pinto worked with VSAT data 
communication networks and data communications software. 
Mr. Pinto holds a degree in Electronics Engineering and completed post-graduate studies in 
Digital Telecommunications Systems, both from the Rio de Janeiro Catholic University (PUC-RJ). 
Mr. Pinto is a dual British and Brazilian national. 
Mr. John Baughn 
Mr. John Baughn was appointed Chief Services Officer (CSO) in January 2019. He had been 
EVP, Global Services at SES Networks since 2017, responsible for the delivery of end-to-end services 
to customers and proving to be a change agent and innovator, driving modernization and monetization 
of networks. 
Mr. Baughn joined SES Networks from O3b Networks, where, as a key member of the O3b 
Senior Management team since early 2015, he led the Global Services team, driving service strategy. 
Previously, between 2008 and 2015, Mr. Baughn was VP Global Services at Ciena, where he 
was responsible for regional and global managed services and consulting. His vast Telco experience 
included leadership roles in Motorola between 1992 and 2008 where he led the company’s strategy 
towards continuous profitable business growth in managed, professional service operations. 
Mr. Baughn holds an MBA from the University of Warwick. Mr. Baughn is a British national. 
Remuneration 
The annual general meeting of Shareholders on 7 April 2022 approved the renumeration of members 
of the Board of Directors. The Group’s detailed 2021 remuneration policy and the 2021 remuneration 
report are published on the website: https://www.ses.com/about-us/corporate-
governance/remuneration.  
SES stock owned by members of the Board of Directors and of the Executive Committee  
Transactions made by the members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee are 
published on the company’s website https://www.ses.com/about-us/environmental-social-and-
governance/governance/management-disclosures. 
Conflicts of Interests 
As at the date of this Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest which are material to the issue of any 
Notes under the Programme between the duties of the members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies of SES and their private interests and/or other duties and, in respect of SES, no 
person involved in the issue of the Notes under the Programme has an interest material to the issue. 
Internal control procedures

--- Page 134 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
132 
 
 
 
 
 
Please refer to the Chairman’s report on Corporate Governance 2021 for further information, 
which is available for viewing at https://www.ses.com/about-us/environmental-social-and-
governance/governance/documents. 
Statement of Compliance 
SES has been listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange since 1998 and on Euronext Paris 
since 2004. The company follows the ‘Ten Principles of Corporate Governance’ adopted by the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (its home market), as revised in 2017, a copy of which can be found at 
www.bourse.lu/corporate-governance. SES also complies with the governance rules for companies 
listed in Paris, where the majority of the trading in SES FDRs takes place. In the instance of conflicting 
compliance requirements, SES follows the rules of the home market.

--- Page 135 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
133 
 
 
 
 
 
PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDERS 
 SES has issued two classes of shares: A Shares and B Shares. In accordance with its Articles 
of Association, no shareholder of A Shares may hold, directly or indirectly, more than 20 per cent., 33 
per cent. or 50 per cent. of SES’s Shares unless he has obtained prior approval from the extraordinary 
meeting of Shareholders.  
As of 17 May 2022, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg held a direct 11.58 per cent. voting 
interest in SES and two indirect interests, both of 10.88 per cent., through two state-owned banks, 
Banque et Caisse d’Epargne de l’Etat, Luxembourg, and Société Nationale de Crédit et 
d’Investissement. The collective economic ownership stake in SES held by the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, both directly and indirectly through the forementioned state owned banks, includes B 
Shares and collective holdings of Fiduciary Depositary Receipts, FDRs. 
The number of issued shares of each class as of 17 May 2022 (being the latest practicable date 
prior to the finalisation of this Prospectus) was as follows:  
The Issuer’s 
Shareholders 
Number of 
Shares 
% Voting 
Shareholding 
% Economic 
Participation (1) 
 A Shares 
 
 
 
Registered shares 
3 601 160 
0.63% 
0.78% 
FDRs (free float) 
360 681 591 
66.04% 
78.38% 
FDRs held by SES 
7 174 849 
0.00% 
1.56% (2) 
FDRs held by SES Astra 
12 000 000 
0.00% 
2.61% (3) 
Total A Shares 
383 457 600 
66.67% 
83.33% 
 B Shares 
 
 
 
BCEE 
60 614 724 
10.88% 
5.27% 
SNCI 
60 607 161 
10.88% 
5.27% 
Etat du Grand-Duché de 
Luxembourg 
64 506 915 
11.58% 
5.61% 
B Shares held by SES 
Astra for SES 
6 000 000 
0.00% 
0.52% (4) 
Total B Shares  
191 728 800 
33.33% 
16.67% 
Total Shares (Actual) (5) 
575 186 400 
100.00% 
100.00% 
Total Shares 
(Economic) (5) 
460 149 120

--- Page 136 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
134 
 
 
 
 
 
(1) ‘Economic Participation’ means the pro rata right of a Share to any dividend and to any 
liquidation surplus. 
(2) As of 17 May 2022, SES held 7,174,849 FDRs for the purpose of its employee option program. 
SES does not exercise voting rights. 
(3) As of 17 May 2022, SES Astra, on the basis of article 415-23 of the Luxembourg Company Law, 
held 12,000,000 FDRs, to be cancelled in accordance with the programme of 6 May 2021 before 
the end of 2022. SES Astra does not exercise voting rights. 
(4) As of 17 May 2022, SES Astra, on the basis of article 415-23 of the Luxembourg Company Law, 
held 6,000,000 B Shares, to be cancelled in accordance with the programme of 6 May 2021 before 
the end of 2022. SES Astra does not exercise voting rights. 
(5) Pro forma number of total shares (actual) will be 557,186,400 and total shares (economic) will be 
445,749,120 post cancellation of shares held by SES Astra in accordance with the programme of 6 
May 2021.

--- Page 137 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
135 
 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SES GLOBAL AMERICAS HOLDINGS INC. 
Establishment, domicile and duration 
SES Americas is a Delaware corporation formed initially as a general partnership in the State 
of Delaware, United States of America under Delaware law on 9 April 2003. On 29 April 2022 SES 
Americas was converted from a general partnership to a corporation and is currently governed by its 
certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation), its bylaws (the Bylaws) and the General 
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. The Organisational ID number for SES Americas is 
3646475. As provided for by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, for all purposes of 
the laws of the State of Delaware, when SES Americas converted from a general partnership to a 
Delaware corporation, SES Americas was deemed to be the same entity as the converted general 
partnership. The term of SES Americas shall continue until dissolution pursuant to the provisions of the 
Certificate of Incorporation, the Bylaws and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
SES Americas is domiciled in the United States of America and its principal place of business is at 4 
Research Way, Princeton, New Jersey 08540 and its telephone number is +1 609 987 4000.  
Business Overview 
According to the Certificate of Incorporation, the purpose of SES Americas is to engage in any 
lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of 
the State of Delaware.  
SES Americas is part of the Group. 
SES Americas refinances its own capital maturities in the capital markets to support SES’s 
funding goals whenever the markets provide SES Americas with favourable access and rates. SES 
Americas enters into derivative transactions whenever it is necessary to hedge its financial risks. 
Organisational Structure 
The following chart shows the position of SES Americas in the Group. 
As a holding entity, SES Americas is dependent on the performance of the operating companies 
in the Group. A description of the Group and the operating companies in the Group appears in 
“Organisational Structure of the Group”.

--- Page 138 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
136 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management 
The business and affairs of SES Americas are managed by or under the direction of the Board of 
Directors of SES Americas.  The current members of the Board of Directors of SES Americas are: 
• 
Mr. Robert Jones, 4 Research Way, Princeton, NJ 08540; 
• 
Mr. Sergy Mummert, 1129 20th Street N.W. Suite #1000, Washington, DC. 20036; and 
• 
 Ms. Nancy Eskenazi, 1129 20th Street N.W. Suite #1000, Washington, DC. 20036. 
The Board of Directors of SES Americas shall elect a president, a secretary and such other officers as 
it shall from time to time deem necessary or desirable. The officers of SES Americas shall have such 
powers and duties in the management of SES Americas as may be prescribed in a resolution by the 
Board of Directors of SES Americas and, to the extent not so provided, as generally pertain to their 
respective offices, subject to the control of the Board of Directors of SES Americas.   
The current officers of SES Americas are: 
Name 
Title 
Business Address 
Nancy 
Eskenazi 
President and 
Chairperson 
1129 20th Street N.W., Suite #1000 
Washington, D.C. 20036 
Sergy 
Mummert 
Vice President 
1129 20th Street N.W., Suite #1000 
Washington, D.C. 20036 
Suzzane 
Malloy 
Vice President 
1129 20th Street N.W., Suite #1000 
Washington, D.C. 20036 
Andrea 
Kociancic 
Executive Vice 
President 
1129 20th Street N.W., Suite #1000 
Washington, D.C. 20036 
 
SES 
(LU) 
SES LU US  
Holding S.a.r.l 
(LU) 
SES Global Americas 
Holdings Inc. 
(US) 
SES Global  
Americas Inc. 
(US) 
SES Americom  
Inc. 
(US) 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Holding Company 
Finance Company 
Operating Company

--- Page 139 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
137 
 
 
 
 
 
Robert Jones 
Treasurer 
4 Research Way, Princeton, NJ 08540 
Andrea Haff 
Assistant 
Treasurer 
4 Research Way, Princeton, NJ 08540 
Chung Hsiang 
Mah 
Secretary 
1129 20th Street N.W., Suite #1000 
Washington, D.C. 20036 
 
 
 
Management Bodies’ Conflicts of Interests 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties to SES Americas of the persons 
listed above as Directors and officers and their private interests or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
SES Americas does not have an audit committee. 
Share Capital 
SES Americas is authorised to issue one class of shares, Common Stock, par value of $1.00 per 
share. As of 29 April 2022, SES LU US Holdings S.à r.l., a Luxembourg company, holds a 100 per 
cent. of the issued and outstanding shares of SES Americas.

--- Page 140 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
138 
 
 
 
 
 
Use and estimated net amount of proceeds 
The estimated net proceeds of the issue of the Notes, after deduction of commissions, fees and 
estimated expenses from each issue of Notes, will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general 
corporate purposes, which include making a profit. If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a 
particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 141 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
139 
 
 
 
 
 
TAXATION 
A. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations, under the existing laws of 
Luxembourg as currently applied by the Luxembourg tax authorities, relating to a holding of the Notes 
and Coupons. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Notes 
and Coupons. Prospective purchasers of the Notes and Coupons should consult their tax advisers as to 
the consequences under the tax laws of the country of which they are resident for tax purposes and the 
tax laws of any other jurisdiction of acquiring, holding, redeeming and disposing of the Notes and 
Coupons receiving payments and/or other amounts thereunder.  
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date hereof and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date, and may be retroactively applicable.  
The residence concept used below applies for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes 
only. Any reference in this section to a tax, duty, levy impost or other charge or withholding of a similar 
nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. A reference to Luxembourg income tax 
generally encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business 
tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi), and 
personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu des personnes physiques). 
Corporate taxpayers may also be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other 
duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge 
apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are 
generally subject to personal income tax and solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where 
individual taxpayers act in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, 
municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Luxembourg tax residency of the Noteholders and Couponholders  
A Noteholder and Couponholder will not become resident, nor be deemed to be resident, in 
Luxembourg by reason only of the holding of the Notes and Coupons or the execution, performance, 
delivery and/or enforcement of the Notes and Coupons. 
Withholding Tax  
Non-resident Noteholders and Couponholders 
Under the Luxembourg tax laws currently in effect, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax 
on payments of interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) made to a Luxembourg non-resident 
Noteholder or Couponholder. There is also no Luxembourg withholding tax upon repayment of the 
principal, sale, refund, redemption or exchange of the Notes and Coupons. 
Resident Noteholders and Couponholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the amended law of 23 
December 2005 (the Relibi Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest (paid or accrued) made to Luxembourg resident Noteholders and Couponholders, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes or Coupons held by 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders and/or Couponholders.  
In accordance with the Relibi Law, a 20 per cent. Luxembourg withholding tax is levied on 
interest or similar income payments made by Luxembourg paying agents to or for the immediate benefit

--- Page 142 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
140 
 
 
 
 
 
of an individual beneficial owner who is resident in Luxembourg. This withholding tax also applies on 
accrued interest received upon disposal, redemption or repurchase of the Notes and Coupons. Such 
withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in 
the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of tax in 
application of the Relibi Law is assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent within the meaning of the 
Relibi Law.  
Further, Luxembourg resident individuals acting in the course of the management of their 
private wealth, who are the beneficial owners of interest payments and other similar income made by a 
paying agent established outside Luxembourg in a Member State of the European Union or the 
European Economic Area may opt for a final 20 per cent. levy. In such case, the 20 per cent. levy is 
calculated on the basis of the same amounts as for the payments made by Luxembourg paying agents. 
The option of the 20 per cent. final levy must cover all interest payments made by such foreign paying 
agents to the beneficial owner over the full civil year. The Luxembourg resident individual who is the 
beneficial owner of interest is responsible for the declaration and the payment of the 20 per cent. final 
levy. 
Income Taxation 
Taxation of Luxembourg non - residents  
Noteholders and Couponholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who have neither 
a permanent establishment nor a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes 
and Coupons are attributable are not liable to any Luxembourg income tax, irrespective of whether they 
receive payments of principal or interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) or realise capital gains 
upon redemption, repurchase, sale or exchange, in any form whatsoever of any Notes and Coupons. 
Noteholders and Couponholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who have a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes 
and Coupons are attributable, are liable to pay Luxembourg income tax on any interest received or 
accrued, as well as any capital gain realised on the sale or disposal of the Notes and Coupons and must 
include this income in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents  
Luxembourg resident individuals 
An individual Noteholder and Couponholder acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, is subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts under the Notes and Coupons except if a final withholding tax has been 
levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
Under Luxembourg domestic tax law, gains realised upon the sale, disposal or redemption, in 
any form whatsoever, of the Notes and Coupons which do not constitute Zero Coupon Notes, by an 
individual Noteholder and Couponholder who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes and who 
acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, are not subject to Luxembourg income 
tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the acquisition of the Notes 
and Coupons. Gains realised upon the sale, disposal or redemption, in any form whatsoever, of Zero 
Coupon Notes by an individual Noteholder and Couponholder who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax 
purposes and who acts in the course of the management of his/her private wealth must be included in 
their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes.  
An individual Noteholder and Couponholder who acts in the course of the management of 
his/her private wealth and who is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes, has further to include the

--- Page 143 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
141 
 
 
 
 
 
portion of the gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid income in respect of the Notes and Coupon in 
his/her taxable income, insofar as the accrued but unpaid interest is indicated separately in the 
agreement, except if a final withholding tax or levy has been levied in accordance with the Relibi Law.  
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders and Couponholders acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking to which the Notes and Coupons are attributable, 
have to include any interest received or accrued, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal of 
the Notes and Coupons in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. 
Taxable gains are determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price 
(including accrued but unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes and Coupons 
sold or redeemed. The 20 per cent. Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their 
final income tax liability.  
Luxembourg corporate residents 
Luxembourg corporate Noteholders and Couponholders must include any interest received or 
accrued, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal in any form whatsoever of the Notes and 
Coupons in their taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. Taxable gains are 
determined as being the difference between the sale, repurchase or redemption price (including acquired 
but unpaid interest) and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes and Coupons sold or redeemed. 
Luxembourg residents benefiting from a special tax regime 
Luxembourg Noteholders and Couponholders who benefit from a special tax regime, such as, 
(i) undertakings for collective investment subject to the amended law of 17 December 2010 or (ii) 
specialised investment funds subject to the amended law of 13 February 2007 or (iii) family wealth 
management companies governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007 or (iv) reserved alternative 
investment funds treated as specialised investment funds for Luxembourg tax purposes and governed 
by the amended law of 23 July 2016, are exempt from income taxes in Luxembourg and profits derived 
from the Notes and Coupons are thus not subject to Luxembourg income tax. 
Net Wealth Tax 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders and Couponholders, and Luxembourg non-resident 
Noteholders and Couponholders who have a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which or whom the Notes and Coupons are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg net 
wealth tax on such Notes and Coupons, except if the Noteholder or Couponholder is (i) a resident or 
non-resident individual taxpayer, (ii) an undertaking for collective investment subject to the amended 
law of 17 December 2010, (iii) a securitisation vehicle governed by the amended law of 22 March 2004 
on securitisation, (iv) a company governed by the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital 
vehicles; (v) a specialised investment fund governed by the amended law of 13 February 2007;(vi) a 
family wealth management company governed by the amended law of 11 May 2007; (vii) a professional 
pension institution governed by the amended law dated 13 July 2005; or (viii) a reserved alternative 
investment fund governed by the amended law of 23 July 2016. 
However, (i) a securitisation company governed by the amended law of 22 March 2004 on 
securitisation, (ii) an opaque company governed by the amended law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital 
vehicles, (iii) a professional pension institution governed by the amended law dated 13 July 2005, and 
(iv) an opaque reserved alternative investment fund treated as a venture capital vehicle for Luxembourg 
tax purposes and governed by the amended law of 23 July 2016 remain subject to the minimum net 
wealth tax.

--- Page 144 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
142 
 
 
 
 
 
Other Taxes 
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable 
in Luxembourg by the Noteholders and Couponholders as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes 
and Coupons nor will any of these taxes be payable as a consequence of a subsequent transfer of 
redemption or repurchase of the Notes and Coupons, unless recorded in a Luxembourg notarial deed or 
otherwise registered in Luxembourg (which is generally not mandatory).There is no Luxembourg value 
added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issuance of the Notes and Coupons or 
in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes and Coupons or the transfer of the 
Notes and Coupons. Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged 
for certain services rendered to the Issuer, if for Luxembourg value added tax purposes such services 
are rendered or are deemed to be rendered in Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value 
added tax does not apply with respect to such services. 
Under current Luxembourg tax law, where an individual Noteholder or Couponholder is a 
resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Notes or Coupons 
are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax purposes. On the contrary, no inheritance tax is 
levied on the transfer of the Notes or Coupons upon death of an individual Noteholder or Couponholder 
in cases where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes at the time 
of his/her death. Luxembourg gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes and Coupons if the gift 
is recorded in a deed passed in front of a Luxembourg notary or otherwise registered in Luxembourg. 
B. 
UNITED STATES TAXATION 
The following is a summary based on present law of certain U.S. federal income tax 
considerations for prospective purchasers of the Notes. It addresses only Non-U.S. Holders (as defined 
below) that hold Notes as capital assets. It does not consider the circumstances of particular purchasers, 
such as entities or arrangements treated as partnerships or trusts for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
that are subject to special tax rules. The discussion below is a general summary. It is not a substitute for 
tax advice. It deals only with Notes with a term of 30 years or less and addresses only Notes that are 
treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
In this discussion, a Non-U.S. Holder is a beneficial owner of a Note that is not for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (i) a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a partnership or other entity or 
arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (iii) a corporation or other 
entity treated as a corporation organised in or under the laws of the United States or its political 
subdivisions, (iv) a trust subject to the control of a U.S. person and the primary supervision of a U.S. 
court or (v) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its 
source. 
Withholding Tax  
Interest paid to a Non-U.S. Holder on a Note issued by SES will be exempt from U.S. 
withholding tax. Interest (including any original issue discount) paid to a Non-U.S. Holder on a Note 
issued by SES Americas with a maturity of more than 183 days (taking into account unilateral rights to 
roll or extend) generally will be exempt from U.S. withholding tax if (i) the Non-U.S. Holder does not 
actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the combined voting power of all classes of SES 
Americas’ voting stock, (ii) the Non-U.S. Holder is not a controlled foreign corporation related to SES 
Americas through share ownership, (iii) the Non-U.S. Holder is not treated as a bank holding a Note as 
an extension of credit in the ordinary course of its banking business for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, (iv) payments on the Notes are not contingent interest ineligible for the portfolio interest 
exemption from U.S. withholding tax (generally interest determined by reference to income, profits, 
cash flow, sales, dividends or other similar attributes of SES Americas or any related person), and (v) a

--- Page 145 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
143 
 
 
 
 
 
properly executed W-8 (or successor form) has been received from a Non-U.S. Holder or its beneficial 
owner. 
Interest (including original issue discount) paid to a Non-U.S. Holder on a Note issued by SES 
Americas with a maturity of 183 days or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend) 
will not be subject to U.S. withholding tax, but may be subject to information reporting and backup 
withholding (as described below). 
Gain realised by a Non-U.S. Holder on the disposition of a Note generally will not be subject 
to U.S. withholding tax. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of Notes issued by SES America with a maturity of 
more than 183 days, payments of interest (including any original issue discount) generally will be 
subject to U.S. withholding tax under FATCA if paid to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements under FATCA. Under proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, upon 
which a taxpayer may rely until final U.S. Treasury Regulations are issued, payments of principal, 
premium (if any), and proceeds from the sale, redemption or other disposition of Notes issued by SES 
Americas will not be subject to FATCA withholding. Similar rules may apply to payments on Notes 
issued by SES that are made more than two years after the date on which the Final Passthru Regulations 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register if (i) such payments are treated as attributable to 
“withholdable payments” (as defined under FATCA) and (ii) such Notes are either (x) issued or 
materially modified after the date falling six months after the date on which the Final Passthru 
Regulations are filed with the U.S. Federal Register or (y) treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Net Income Tax 
If a Non-U.S. Holder is engaged in a trade or business within the United States, interest on a 
Note (although exempt from U.S. withholding tax) generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax 
on a net income basis if it is effectively connected with such holder’s conduct of a U.S. trade or business 
(and, if an applicable income tax treaty applies, is attributable to such holder’s U.S. permanent 
establishment). Additionally, gain realised by a Non-U.S. Holder on the disposition of a Note generally 
will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis if (i) it is effectively connected with 
such holder’s conduct of a U.S. trade or business (and, if an applicable income tax treaty applies, is 
attributable to such holder’s U.S. permanent establishment) or (ii) such holder is an individual present 
in the United States for at least 183 days during the taxable year of disposition and certain other 
conditions are met. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Payments of principal and interest on Notes issued by SES America with a maturity of 183 days 
or less (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend) will not be subject to U.S. 
information reporting or backup withholding. Payments of principal and interest on, and proceeds from 
the sale or other disposition of, Notes issued by SES America with a maturity of more than 183 days, 
will be subject to information reporting unless the Non-U.S. Holders establishes an exemption. 
Payments of principal and interest on, and proceeds from the sale or other disposition of, Notes issued 
by SES, effected through a U.S. broker or another middleman with certain connections in the United 
States, may be subject to information reporting unless the Non-U.S. Holders establishes an exemption.  
Payments subject to information reporting may be subject to backup withholding unless the 
Non-U.S. Holder complies with certification procedures to establish that it is not a U.S. person or is 
otherwise establishes a basis for exemption from backup withholding.  The certification procedures 
required to claim the exemption from withholding tax on interest, described above, will also be 
sufficient to avoid backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax.  Any amount

--- Page 146 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
144 
 
 
 
 
 
withheld may be credited against a Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability or refunded to 
the extent it exceeds such holder’s liability and the relevant information is timely furnished to the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Service. 
THE DISCUSSION ABOVE IS A GENERAL SUMMARY. IT DOES NOT COVER ALL TAX 
MATTERS THAT MAY BE OF IMPORTANCE TO A PARTICULAR INVESTOR. EACH 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR ABOUT 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO IT OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES IN LIGHT OF 
THE INVESTOR’S OWN CIRCUMSTANCES.

--- Page 147 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
145 
 
 
 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated programme agreement dated [●] May 2022 (the 
Programme Agreement), agreed with SES and SES Americas a basis upon which they or any of them 
may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated 
under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, 
SES and SES Americas have agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with any update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the 
Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States  
The Notes and the guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in these paragraphs have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold 
or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of 
the offering or the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer or, 
in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, of all Notes of the 
Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to agree, that it will send to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling 
concession, fee or other remuneration to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance 
period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have 
the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Notes, other than (i) Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less (or 183 days or less in the 
case of Notes issued by SES Americas) (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend), 
and (ii) Registered Notes, will be issued in accordance with the provisions of either U.S. Treasury 
Regulations section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are 
applicable for purposes of section 4701 of the Code) (the TEFRA D Rules) or, in the case of Notes 
issued by SES, the TEFRA C Rules, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and regulations thereunder, including the 
TEFRA D Rules and TEFRA C Rules. Notes issued by SES Americas with an initial maturity of more 
than 183 days (taking into consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend) will only be issued as 
Registered Notes. 
Notes issued by SES Americas with maturities at issuance of 183 days or less (taking into 
consideration unilateral rights to roll or extend) that, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, are 
intended to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.6049-5(b)(10) will be issued in compliance 
with the TEFRA D Rules (excluding the certification requirement) and will have a minimum 
denomination of not less than U.S.$500,000 (or, if issued in a currency other than U.S. dollars, the 
equivalent amount in such currency determined based on the spot rate on the date of issuance).

--- Page 148 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
146 
 
 
 
 
 
In addition, where the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable to 
any Tranche of Notes, the Notes must, in accordance with their original issuance, be issued and 
delivered outside the United States and its possessions and, accordingly, each Dealer represents, 
warrants and undertakes to the Issuer that, in connection with the original issuance of such Notes: (a) it 
will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any Notes within the United States or its possessions 
or to a United States person; and (b) it will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective 
purchaser if such Dealer or such prospective purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and 
will not otherwise involve the U.S. office of such Dealer in the offer and sale of Notes. 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the TEFRA D Rules, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and undertaken that: 
(a) 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules: (i) it has not offered or sold, and 
during the restricted period will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to a person 
who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person; and (ii) it has 
not delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions any Notes sold 
during the restricted period; 
(b) 
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that 
the Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the TEFRA 
D Rules; 
(c) 
if it is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale in connection with 
their original issuance and, if it retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) 
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of section 
4701 of the Code); 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate of such Dealer that acquires Notes from such Dealer for the 
purpose of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (i) 
repeats and confirms the representations, warranties and undertakings contained in subclauses 
(a), (b) and (c) above on behalf of such affiliate or (ii) undertakes to the Issuers that it will 
obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, warranties and 
undertakings contained in subclauses (a), (b) and (c) above; and 
(e) 
with respect to any person other than an affiliate of such Dealer with whom such Dealer enters 
into a written contract, as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4) 
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of section 
4701 of the Code), for the offer or sale during the restricted period of Notes, such Dealer 
undertakes to the Issuer that it will obtain from such non-affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer 
the representations, warranties and undertakings contained in subclauses (a), (b), (c) and (d) 
above. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale 
of such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than 
in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made

--- Page 149 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
147 
 
 
 
 
 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail 
investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For 
the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(a) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to either Issuer; 
and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.

--- Page 150 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
148 
 
 
 
 
 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it has not distributed or caused to be 
distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Prospectus, the 
relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes to qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the FIEA) Accordingly, each of the Dealers 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and shall not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others 
for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this paragraph, “resident of 
Japan” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under 
the laws of Japan, as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign 
Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended).  
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa (the CONSOB) pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Prospectus or of any other document relating to any 
Notes be distributed in Italy, except, in accordance with any Italian securities, tax and other applicable 
laws and regulations. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or distributed, and will 
not offer, sell or deliver any Notes or distribute any copy of this Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy, except:  
 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
(the Financial Services Act), and/or Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation 11971/99, each as 
amended from time to time. 
In any event, any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above 
must be:  
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time (the Banking Act);

--- Page 151 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
149 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which 
the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic 
of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or 
requirement which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or 
other competent authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge, that this Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation 
for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other 
than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, 
(ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the 
SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust 
shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 152 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
150 
 
 
 
 
 
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada 
or any province or territory thereof.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, 
distributed, or delivered, and that it will not offer, sell, distribute, or deliver, any Notes, directly or 
indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident thereof in contravention of the securities 
laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof and also without the consent of the Issuer.  Each 
Dealer has also agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme may be required to 
agree, not to distribute or deliver this Prospectus, or any other offering materials relating to the Notes, 
in Canada in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof and also 
without the consent of the Issuer.  If the relevant Final Terms or any other offering materials relating to 
the Notes provide that the Notes may be offered, sold or distributed in Canada, the issue of the Notes 
will be subject to such additional selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms or other offering materials relating to such Notes.  Each Dealer, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme, will be required to agree that it will offer, sell 
and distribute such Notes only in compliance with such additional Canadian selling restrictions. 
In particular, the Notes may be sold only to purchasers in the provinces of Canada purchasing, 
or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 
45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted 
clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing 
Registrant Obligations.  Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with 
remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus or any supplement to this Prospectus (including 
any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or 
damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of 
the purchaser's province or territory.  The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the 
securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult 
with a legal advisor. 
 
Switzerland  
This Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the 
Notes. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes 
to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus 
pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating 
to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief in all material respects) comply 
with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes the Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such

--- Page 153 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
151 
 
 
 
 
 
purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of SES, SES Americas and any other Dealer shall have 
any responsibility therefor. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the obligation of any Dealer to subscribe for Notes 
under any such agreement is subject to certain conditions and that, in certain circumstances, a Dealer 
shall be entitled to be released and discharged from its obligations under any such agreement prior to 
the issue of the relevant Notes. 
None of SES, SES Americas, the Arranger and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any 
time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating any such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional 
restrictions agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 154 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
152 
 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme, the issue of Notes and the giving of the Guarantee by 
SES Americas have been duly authorised by a resolution of the partners of SES Americas dated 28 
November 2005. The establishment of the Programme, the issue of Notes and the giving of the 
Guarantee by SES have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of SES dated 4 
August 2005. The increase in the size of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the 
partners of SES Americas dated 15 June 2007 and by a resolution of the Board of Directors of SES 
dated 5 April 2007. The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of SES Americas dated 20 May 2022 and by a resolution of the Board of Directors of SES 
dated 5 April 2007.    
Approval, Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as base prospectuses for the 
Issuers. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Documents Available 
So long as Notes are outstanding, and for the validity period of this Prospectus, copies of the 
following documents will be available for inspection from the registered office of SES and SES 
Americas and from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg: 
(a) 
the consolidated articles of association (statuts coordonnés) (with an English translation 
thereof) of SES and the by-laws of SES Americas; 
(b) 
the consolidated audited financial statements of SES Americas as of and for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2021 and the audited consolidated financial statements and 
non-consolidated annual accounts of SES as of and for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2021, in each case together with the audit reports prepared in connection 
therewith. SES currently prepares consolidated financial statements and non-consolidated 
annual accounts on an annual basis and SES Americas prepares consolidated financial 
statements on an annual basis; 
(c) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements and unaudited interim financial 
statements (if any) of SES and SES Americas, including the financial results of SES for the 
three months ended 31 March 2022, in each case together with any audit or review reports 
prepared in connection therewith. SES currently prepares unaudited consolidated interim 
financial statements on a half-yearly basis and SES Americas prepares unaudited consolidated 
interim financial statements on a half-yearly basis; 
(d) 
the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global 
Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(e) 
a copy of this Prospectus; and 
(f) 
any future prospectus, supplement to the Prospectus, information memoranda and any Final 
Terms (save that a Final Terms relating to a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area

--- Page 155 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
153 
 
 
 
 
 
in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must 
produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of 
Notes and identity) to this Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein 
by reference. 
In addition: 
• 
copies of this Prospectus, any supplements to the Prospectus and each Final Terms relating to 
Notes which are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and each document 
incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website 
(www.bourse.lu);  
• 
so long as Notes are outstanding, the articles of association (with an English translation thereof) 
of SES and by-laws of SES Americas will be available for inspection at:  
https://www.ses.com/company/investors/debt-investors/debt-loan-facilities; and 
• 
so long as Notes are outstanding, the Deed of Covenant and Guarantee, in respect of each of 
SES and SES Americas, and the Agency Agreement will be available for inspection at: 
• 
https://www.ses.com/company/investors/debt-investors/debt-loan-facilities. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for 
each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42, 
Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuers and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has (i) been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of 
SES since 31 March 2022 and (ii) been no material adverse change in the prospects of SES since 31 
December 2021. There has been (i) no significant change in the financial position or financial 
performance of SES Americas since 31 December 2021 and (ii) there has been no material adverse 
change in the prospects of SES Americas since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation  
Neither SES nor any member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which

--- Page 156 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
154 
 
 
 
 
 
the Issuer is aware), during the 12 months preceding the date of this Prospectus which may have, or 
have had in such period, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Group. 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative (PwC) are the independent auditors (réviseur 
d’entreprises agréé) of SES and SES Americas. 
PwC has audited the consolidated financial statements and non-consolidated annual accounts 
of SES, without qualification, the consolidated financial statements being drawn up in accordance with 
IFRS and the non-consolidated annual accounts being prepared in accordance with LuxGAAP relating 
to the preparation of the annual accounts as of and for each of the financial years ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020. 
PwC has audited the consolidated financial statements of SES Americas, without qualification, 
the consolidated financial statements being drawn up in accordance with IFRS as of and for each of the 
financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. PwC are members of the Luxembourg 
body of registered auditors (Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises).  
 
Trademark 
The SES trademark appearing on the front cover of this Prospectus and variations thereon are 
registered trademarks of SES and are registered with, or subject to pending trademark applications with, 
the relevant registries of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and various other countries. 
Third-Party Data 
In this Prospectus, SES relies on and refers to information and statistics regarding its industry. 
SES obtained this market data from independent industry publications or other publicly available 
information. These and other third-party reports, publications and surveys from which certain 
information contained in this Prospectus has been extracted, as well as the Group’s internal estimates, 
rely on the application of various assumptions. While SES believes that these assumptions are 
reasonable, SES cannot assure investors that these assumptions are true, nor can SES guarantee that an 
independent party applying different assumptions or using different methods to assemble, analyse or 
compute market or other industry data would obtain or generate the same results. 
SES confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as SES is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Websites 
Websites included in the Prospectus are for information purposes only and do not form part of 
this Prospectus. 
The website of each Issuer is https://www.ses.com. The information on https://www.ses.com 
does not form part of this Prospectus, except where that information has been incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus.

--- Page 157 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
155 
 
 
 
 
 
Dealers transacting with SES and SES Americas 
The Dealers and their affiliates have engaged in, and may in the future engage in financing, in 
investment banking and other commercial dealings in the ordinary course of business with each of SES, 
SES Americas or their affiliates. They have received, or may in the future receive, customary fees and 
commissions for these transactions.  
In addition, in the ordinary course of its business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of SES, SES Americas or their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have 
a lending relationship with SES and/ or SES Americas routinely hedge their credit exposure to SES 
and/or SES Americas, as the case may be, consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in SES and/or SES Americas’ securities, including potentially the Notes offered hereby. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of the Notes offered hereby.  
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, 
or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the term “affiliates” also includes parent companies. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date (as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield that will be specified in the 
Final Terms will not be an indication of future yield. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of SES is 5493008JPA4HYMH1HX51.  
The Legal Entity Identifier code of SES Global Americas Holdings Inc. is 5299000YGN3VJ3R60481.

--- Page 158 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
156 
 
 
 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
 
Analogue 
Transmission method for conveying voice, data, images or video information using a continuous signal. 
Bandwidth 
Part of the electromagnetic frequency spectrum used for radio frequency transmission. 
Beam 
Term used to describe the radiation pattern of a satellite antenna. The intersection of a satellite beam 
with the surface of the Earth is called the footprint (of the beam). 
C-band 
Frequency range assigned to satellite communications systems, approximately 4 GHz for the downlink 
and 6 GHz for the uplink. The associated transmission power is relatively low in comparison with Ku-
band, for example. Larger antennae are therefore required for C-band operation. Considered to be the 
frequency range least susceptible to transmission impairments such as rain. 
Capacity 
Quantity of information transmitted. By analogy, there is often reference to spectrum width and to the 
associated power needed to transmit this quantity of information. 
Contract backlog 
The minimum future revenue due to the Group under its existing customer contracts. In relation to 
contracts where customers have discretionary termination rights, the minimum future revenue 
represents the revenue up to the earliest termination point as well as the applicable termination fee (if 
any). 
Digital 
Format for recording, processing, transmitting and broadcasting data via a digital binary code signal 
(and not by the modulation of a continuous signal as in analogue transmission). 
Digital Subscriber Line (DSL) 
A technology enabling the use of the copper lines connecting customers of a switched telephone 
network for purposes of digital broadband connectivity. 
Direct-to-Cable (DTC) 
A method of transmission that transmits satellite programmes directly to cable networks.  
Direct-to-home (DTH) 
A method of transmission that transmits satellite programmes directly to customers’ homes. 
Downlink 
Transmission path for data or other signals from a communications satellite to an earth station.

--- Page 159 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
157 
 
 
 
 
 
Earth station 
Installation required in order to receive a signal from a satellite and/or transmit a signal to a satellite. 
The facility consists of an antenna and communications equipment on the ground and is also known as 
a ground station. 
Fixed Satellite Service (FSS) 
Geostationary communications satellites between earth stations located at fixed points used for 
broadcast feeds for television stations, radio stations and broadcast networks, as well as for telephony, 
telecommunications and data communications. 
Frequency 
Number of vibrations produced by unit of time during a given period. Frequency relates to the rate of 
variation per second of the carrier wave or modulating signal. Satellite transmissions are generally in 
GHz (see “C-band,” “Ka-band” and “Ku-band”). 
Geostationary orbit (GEO) 
The orbit whose altitude above the equator is 36,000 km, where a satellite travels at the same angular 
speed as the rotating earth. Objects situated in this orbit appear motionless from a ground observer. 
High definition television (HDTV) 
Television that offers a clearer and more detailed picture and requires two or three times more 
bandwidth than standard definition channels. 
HD+ 
Proprietary access system developed by SES to enable the reception of encrypted Free-To-Air High 
Definition TV signals. 
High Throughput Satellite (HTS) 
A satellite whose payload is configured to re-use frequency spectrum available at a given orbital 
position, with the objective of increasing the maximum bandwidth available and delivering it at lower 
unit cost. 
Hosted payloads 
Payloads carried on a satellite for third parties, which are additional to the primary mission of the 
satellite. 
IPTV 
Internet Protocol Television. Television signals delivered via IP technology. 
Ka-band 
A frequency range assigned to satellite communications systems, approximately 20 GHz for the 
downlink and 30 GHz for the uplink. These frequencies have the shortest wavelength of the three 
principal frequency bands used by geostationary satellites. Small antennae can be used, but Ka-band 
requires the use of high-power beams that are tightly concentrated over fairly small geographical areas. 
The Ka-band is optimized for applications such as broadband services. Considered to be less reliable 
due to risk of weather-related transmission impairments.

--- Page 160 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
158 
 
 
 
 
 
Ka-band (GovSat-1) 
A part of the Ka-band spectrum reserved by the ITU for governmental use. 
Ku-band 
A frequency range assigned to satellite communications systems, approximately 14 GHz for the uplink 
and 11 GHz for the downlink. Used for radio and television, this band is the most widespread in Europe 
as a result of the small size of the antennae needed for reception. Generally highly reliable and seldom 
affected by weather-related impairments. 
L-band 
The frequency range between 1 and 2 GHz. Mainly used for maritime mobile satellite services. 
Low Earth Orbit (LEO) 
Describing the orbit below about 2,000 km altitude. 
Medium Earth Orbit (MEO) 
Describing the orbit between LEO (~2,000 km) and GEO (~36,000km). 
MNO 
Mobile Network Operator. 
Mobile backhaul 
The transmission of mobile cellular traffic using satellite to connect cells which do not have terrestrial 
linkage. 
Payload 
Set of satellite equipment used for reception, frequency conversion, processing and retransmission of 
the communications signals after they have been amplified, but excluding add-on equipment such as 
the platform (physical structure and subsystems such as electrical, thermal and altitude control etc.). 
Radio frequency 
Electromagnetic frequency generally higher than 20 kHz, used to transmit information. 
Redundancy 
Integral satellite design feature involving the use of several identical components, each able to replace 
any of the others in the event of failure. 
Steerable beam 
Beam of a satellite antenna that can be directed onto a particular geographical region using ground-
based controls. 
Telemetry, tracking and control (TT&C)

--- Page 161 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
159 
 
 
 
 
 
System that provides an important communication link between the satellite and the earth station. It 
enables an uplink for command and a downlink for monitoring the health of satellite components, as 
well as providing tracking information for monitoring the satellite’s position in orbit. 
Transponder 
Name given to the retransmitter on board a satellite whose function is to retransmit the signals received 
from the earth uplink station into the designated geographic coverage area of the satellite. 
Ultra-High Definition Television (UHDTV) 
A further enhancement of video display quality, delivering about four times the resolution of HD and 
requiring correspondingly greater amounts of bandwidth to transmit. UHDTV significantly enhances 
the colour range, contrast and audio quality of the broadcast beyond that delivered by HD TV. 
Uplink 
Transmission of data or other signals from an earth station to a communications satellite. 
Very small aperture terminal (VSAT) 
A station, located on Earth, used in satellite communications of data, voice and video signals. Typically 
part of a network, the antenna size can range from 80 cm to 2 m. 
X-band 
Frequency range from approximately 8 – 12 GHz, reserved for governmental use.

--- Page 162 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
160 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THE ISSUERS AND GUARANTORS 
SES 
SES GLOBAL AMERICAS HOLDINGS 
INC. 
Château de Betzdorf 
4 Research Way 
L-6815 Betzdorf 
Princeton 
Luxembourg 
New Jersey 08540 
 
United States of America 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2085 Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To SES and SES Global Americas Holdings Inc. as to English Law: 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2P 2SR 
United Kingdom 
To SES and SES Global Americas Holdings Inc. as to U.S. Law: 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP 
701 Pennsylvania Avenue NW 
520 Madison Avenue 
Suite 600 
34th Floor 
Washington DC 20004-2692 
New York, NY 10022 
United States of America 
United States of America 
To SES as to Luxembourg Law: 
Arendt & Medernach, S.A. 
41A, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-2082 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
Special Delaware Counsel to SES Global Americas Holdings Inc. as to Delaware Law: 
Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A. 
920 North King Street 
Wilmington, DE 19801 
United States of America

--- Page 163 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
161 
 
 
 
 
 
To the Dealers as to English Law: 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative 
2, rue Gerhard Mercator  
L-2182 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
DEALERS 
 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
Calle Azul, 4 
28050 
Madrid 
Spain 
 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
55 Boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
Banque et Caisse d’Epargne de l’Etat, 
Luxembourg 
1-2, place de Metz 
L-2954 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstraße 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
ING Bank N.V., Belgian Branch 
Avenue Marnix, 24 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
KBC Bank NV 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2

--- Page 164 ---
EUROPE-LEGAL-258009793   123182-0083 
 
 
162 
 
 
 
 
 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels Belgium 
70173 Stuttgart 
Germany  
 
Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Girozentrale 
Neue Mainzer Strasse 52-58  
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center 
Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98 
1077XV Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
Mizuho International plc 
30 Old Bailey 
London  EC4M 7AU 
United Kingdom 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
SMBC Bank EU AG 
Neue Mainzer Straße 52-58 
60311 Frankfurt 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France