--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Base Prospectus dated 12 June 2023 
 
 
 
Sfil 
€15,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), Sfil (the 
"Issuer" or "Sfil"), subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives applicable to the Issuer and the 
Notes, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding will 
not at any time exceed €15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of determination of the financial conditions of 
the issue of any Notes).  
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made for Notes to be issued under the Programme during a period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval 
granted by the AMF on the Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market (as defined 
below) and/or to be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in any member 
state (the "Member State(s)") of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II"), appearing on the list of regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") on 
its website (each, a "Regulated Market"). The Notes may also be admitted to trading on any other stock exchange, or may not be 
admitted to trading on any market. The relevant final terms (the "Final Terms") (forms of which are contained herein) in respect of the 
issue of any Notes will specify whether or not such Notes will be admitted to trading and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-
exempt offer in a Member State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market and/or jurisdiction. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market and/or the offer to the public of 
Notes pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 12 June 2024, provided that it is 
completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new 
factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no 
longer valid. 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form, as more fully described herein. The Notes will at all times be in book-entry form in 
compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title 
will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear 
France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Account Holders (as defined in "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream") or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination"), 
in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they 
will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
The Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche based on then prevailing market 
conditions and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The long term senior debt of the Issuer has been assigned a rating of AA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Aa2 by 
Moody's France SAS ("Moody's") and AA (high) by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS"). The Notes issued under the Programme may be

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
unrated or rated differently. The rating of Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each of S&P, Moody's and DBRS 
is established in the European Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and is appearing on the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published by the ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) as of the date of this Base Prospectus. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto (if any) and the Final Terms related to the Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated 
Market in the EEA and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be 
published on the websites of the Issuer (www.sfil.fr) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk factors" in this Base Prospectus 
before deciding to invest in the Notes issued under the Programme. 
Arranger  
Barclays  
Permanent Dealers  
Barclays  
BNP PARIBAS  
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank  
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
La Banque Postale 
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg 
Morgan Stanley 
Natixis 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura 
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus published from time to time (each 
a "Supplement" and together the "Supplements")) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of, and for the purpose of giving information with regard to, the Issuer, 
the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole (the "Sfil Group") and the Notes which contains 
the necessary information which is material to investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and 
liabilities, profit and losses, financial position and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and 
the reason for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any Supplement that may be 
published from time to time and with all documents incorporated by reference (see "Documents incorporated 
by reference") and in relation to any Series (as defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together 
with the relevant Final Terms (the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms being together, the "Prospectus"). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes 
and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or the Arranger or any of the Dealers (as defined herein). Neither the delivery of this Base 
Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Sfil Group since the date hereof or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer or the Sfil Group since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and on distribution of 
this Base Prospectus, see "Subscription and Sale". 
NOTICE 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and conditions, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for 
it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other 
matters referred to above.  
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes 
responsibility for the lawfulness of the subscription or acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the 
Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates 
(if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it. 
AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES MIGHT NOT BE SUITABLE FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact that any such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and 
(vi) 
consult its own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects of an investment in the Notes (in particular 
to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase of any Notes).  
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are 
complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the 
impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. Some Notes which 
are complex financial instruments may be redeemable at an amount below par in which case investors may 
lose the value of part or their entire investment. 
The tax legislation of the investors' Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an 
impact on the income received from the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger or the Dealers makes any representation, express or 
implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements or any other 
documents incorporated by reference are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other documents incorporated by reference 
should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should 
be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Arranger or the Dealers undertakes to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the 
attention of any of the Arranger or the Dealers. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. A rating assigned to 
the Notes is based on the Issuer's financial situation, but takes into account other relevant structural features 
of the transaction, including, inter alia, the terms of the Notes, and reflects only the views of the rating agency. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes and the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments under the Notes (including but not limited to market conditions and funding related and operational 
risks inherent to the business of the Issuer). A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – In respect of (i) any 
Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the "Prohibition of sales 
to EEA retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000, the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on 
insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key 
information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – In respect of (i) 
any Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the "Prohibition of 
sales to UK retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000, the 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") on 5 February 20181 and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a "distributor" as defined in MiFID II) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a 
MiFID II regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
the ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach 
to EU non-legislative materials") and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a 
 
1 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
UK MiFIR regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 (Revised Edition 2020) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise specified 
before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).  
Important notice relating to Inflation Linked Notes  
Inflation Linked Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the INSEE or Eurostat, 
as the case may be, and the INSEE or Eurostat makes no warranty or representation whatsoever, express or 
implied, either as to the results to be obtained from the use of any of the inflation indices and/or the figure at 
which such indices stand at any particular time. The inflation indices are determined, composed and 
calculated by the INSEE or Eurostat, as the case may be, without regard to the Issuer or the Notes. The INSEE 
or Eurostat, as the case may be, is not responsible for or has not participated in the determination of the 
timing of, prices of, or quantities of the Inflation Linked Notes to be issued or in the determination or 
calculation of the interest payable under such Notes.  
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as 
to the inflation indices. Any of such persons may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may acquire, 
non-public information with respect to any of the inflation indices that is or may be material in the context of 
Inflation Linked Notes. The issue of Inflation Linked Notes will not create any obligation on the part of any 
such persons to disclose to the holders of the Notes or any other party such information (whether or not 
confidential).  
Neither the current nor the historical levels of any of the inflation indices should be taken as an indication of 
future performance of such index during the term of any Inflation Linked Notes. 
Important notice relating to Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information set out in the relevant Final Terms regarding the 
use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in green notes (the "Green Notes"), social notes (the "Social Notes") or sustainability notes (the 
"Sustainability Notes"), as the case may be, together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that the use of 
proceeds for any loan will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by the Issuer's own by-
laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or 
indirect environmental or social impact of any loan or uses related to any loan. Furthermore, it should be 
noted that there is currently no clear definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes a "green", a "social", a "sustainability" or an equivalently-labelled asset. In addition, the 
requirements of any such label may evolve from time to time, accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to 
investors that any loan or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any loan will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green", "social", "sustainability" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the content, suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever 
of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made 
available in connection with the issue of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes as the case may 
be, and in particular with any loan, to fulfil any environmental, social and/or other criteria. Currently, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the 
Issuer or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Green Notes, such Social Notes or such Sustainability 
Notes, as the case may be. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Green Notes, the 
Social Notes or the Sustainability Notes to fulfil environmental or social criteria required by prospective

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the 
eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Green Notes, the Social Notes or the Sustainability Notes, 
as the case may be, meet the eligibility criteria, the monitoring of the use of proceeds or the allocation by the 
Issuer of the proceeds (or amounts equal or equivalent thereto) of the Green Notes, the Social Notes or the 
Sustainability Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, it is however specified that payments of principal and interest (as the case may 
be) on the Green Notes, the Social Notes or the Sustainability Notes, as the case may be, shall not depend on 
the performance of the relevant loan.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
Table of Contents 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 9 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................................... 17 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE PROSPECTUS ... 36 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE............................................................................. 38 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................... 41 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................... 42 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................ 96 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................ 97 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ................................................................................................................. 115 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................ 116 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 .................................................................................................................. 122 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 .................................................................................................................. 145 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 163 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........ 167

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended 
to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), or 
any implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" of this Base Prospectus shall have 
the same meanings in this general description. 
Issuer: 
Sfil 
Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI"): 
549300HFEHJOXGE4ZE63 
Website: 
https://www.sfil.fr 
Arranger: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
BNP Paribas 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
HSBC Continental Europe  
J.P. Morgan SE  
La Banque Postale  
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg  
Morgan Stanley Europe SE  
Natixis 
NatWest Markets N.V.  
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH  
Société Générale 
UniCredit Bank AG 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
respect of one or more Tranches or as Permanent Dealers under the 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" 
are to the persons referred above as Dealers and to such additional persons 
that are appointed as dealers in respect of the Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to 
the Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of 
one or more Tranches. 
Description: 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), the 
Issuer, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives applicable to the Issuer and the Notes, may 
from time to time issue notes (the "Notes"). 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €15,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of determination of the financial conditions of the issue of any Notes) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes issued under the Programme 
outstanding at any time. 
The Programme Limit may be increased from time to time, subject to 
compliance with the relevant provisions of the amended and restated 
dealer agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Arranger and the 
Permanent Dealers. 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent:  
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the 
Issuer and/or the Notes and material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risk associated with the Notes and/or may alter its ability to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes towards investors and of which 
prospective investors should be aware. These are set out under the section 
entitled "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus.  
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Series and Tranches: 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more 
issue date(s). The Notes of each Series will be fungible with all other 
Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same 
or different issue dates and on terms identical to the terms of other 
Tranches of the same Series, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, 
first payment of interest and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche. 
The specific terms of each Tranche of Notes will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set 
out in the final terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms"). The Notes of 
a Tranche of each Series will be fungible with all other Notes of the other 
Tranches of that Series. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
the Notes may have any maturity as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated and/or payable in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in the relevant Final Terms.  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context 
otherwise requires, references to "€", "Euro", "EUR" or "euro" are to the 
single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning 
of the European Union, as amended, references to "£", "pounds sterling", 
"GBP" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom,

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
references to "$", "USD" and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful currency of 
the United States of America and references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" 
are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
Denomination: 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination as set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including 
Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended, must have a minimum redemption amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
The Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
Form of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised form. 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 
et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by 
book entries (inscriptions en compte).  
Status of Notes: 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject to Condition 4) 
and senior preferred obligations within the meaning of Article L.613-30-
3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier of the Issuer and rank 
and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
senior preferred obligations of the Issuer (save for statutorily preferred 
exceptions). 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 4 - see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative 
Pledge". 
Interest 
rates 
and 
interest 
periods: 
 
 
The Final Terms will specify whether the Notes bear interest. The length 
of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both, provided that in 
no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. The use of 
interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates 
in the same interest period. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear or in advance on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest payable in arrear or in advance on 
each interest payment dates determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the Floating Rate which would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF 
Definitions; or 
(b) on the same basis as the Floating Rate which would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating either the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(c) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page 
(including, without limitation, CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, 
SARON, SOFR, SONIA or TEC 10), 
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin and calculated and 
payable as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes 
may also have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or 
both, provided that in no event, will the relevant Interest Amount be less 
than zero.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, all on the date set 
out in the relevant Final Terms either by the election of the Issuer or 
automatically. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
Inflation Linked Notes may be issued by the Issuer where the interest 
and/or principal in respect of such Notes will be calculated by reference 
to an inflation index ratio derived from: 
(i) 
the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
France or the relevant substitute index, as calculated and published 
monthly by INSEE; or 
(ii) 
the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or 
the relevant substitute index, measuring the rate of inflation in the 
European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by 
Eurostat. 
 
 
Events of Default: 
There will be events of default in respect of the Notes as set out in 
Condition 9 - see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Events of 
Default". 
Final Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled or its maturity is 
extended as provided below pursuant to any Issuer's or Noteholders' 
option in accordance with Condition 6, each Note shall be finally 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at 
its Final Redemption Amount. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes shall state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders 
and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption, as set out in Condition 
6 - see "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption, Purchase and 
Options". 
Taxation Redemption: 
The Notes may be subject to redemption at the option of the Issuer for 
taxation reasons. 
Taxation (withholding tax): 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Additional amounts: 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in 
respect of any Note be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay 
such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional 
amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note to, or to a third party 
on behalf of a Noteholder, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of his having 
some connection with France other than the mere holding of the Note. 
Representation of Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in 
each case, the "Masse"), which will be governed by the provisions of 
Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce, as amended 
or supplemented by Condition 11 - see "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes – Representation of Noteholders". 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
Representative and in part through Collective Decisions. 
Central Depositary: 
Euroclear France. 
Clearing Systems:  
Euroclear France, Clearstream and Euroclear. 
Approval and validity of the 
Base Prospectus: 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") in France in its capacity as competent authority 
under the Prospectus Regulation. 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Notes 
on a Regulated Market and/or the offer to the public of Notes pursuant to 
a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 
12 June 2024, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence of a 
significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy 
relating to the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this 
Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the 
Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of 
a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Admission to trading of Notes: 
Application may be made for Notes to be issued under the Programme 
during a period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval 
granted by the AMF on the Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated Market (as defined below). 
Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing 
on the list of regulated markets published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (the "ESMA") on its website (a "Regulated 
Market"). The Notes may also be admitted to trading on any other stock 
exchange, or may not be admitted to trading on any market. The relevant

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or 
not such Notes will be admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant market. 
Non-Exempt Offer of Notes: 
Notes may be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in 
France and, to the extent the AMF has provided the competent authority 
of the relevant member state (the "Member State") of the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA") with a certificate of approval attesting that 
the Base Prospectus (and, if applicable, any supplement related thereto) 
has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in any 
Member State of the EEA, if the relevant Final Terms provide it and in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
Green Notes: 
Green Notes may be issued by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework.  
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is 
based on the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital 
Market Association ("ICMA") and the Issuer has requested a Green, 
Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion on the Sfil Group Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework assessing its alignment with 
the Green Bond Principles.  
For each issue of Green Notes, there will be an allocation reporting and 
an independent third party will verify the allocation of the net proceeds. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion and the allocation 
reports are available on the Issuer's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-
du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
Social Notes: 
Social Notes may be issued by the Issuer to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, either Eligible Health Loan Portfolio as defined in the 
Sfil Group Social Note Framework or Eligible Social Loans as defined in 
the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework and the Sfil Group Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework are based on the Social Bond 
Principles (the "SBP") published by the ICMA and the Issuer has 
requested a Social Second Party Opinion on the Sfil Group Social Note 
Framework and a Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion 
on the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework 
assessing its alignment with the SBP.  
For each issue of Social Notes, there will be an allocation reporting and 
an independent third party will verify the allocation of the net proceeds. 
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework, the Social Second Party Opinion, 
the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework, the Social Second Party Opinion, 
the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion and the allocation 
reports are available on the Issuer's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-
du-groupe-Sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Sustainability Notes 
Sustainability Notes may be issued by the Issuer to finance and/or 
refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social 
Loans as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is 
based on the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (the "SBG") published by 
the ICMA and the Issuer has requested a Green, Social and Sustainability 
Second Party Opinion on the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework assessing its alignment with the SBG.  
For each issue of Sustainability Notes, there will be an allocation 
reporting and an independent third party will verify the allocation of the 
net proceeds.  
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the 
Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion and the allocation 
reports are available on the Issuer's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-
du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) applied by the Issuer either: 
(i) 
to be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or  
(ii) 
in the case of Green Notes, to be made available to its subsidiary 
Caisse Française de Financement Local ("CAFFIL") to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans held 
on the balance sheet of CAFFIL as defined in the Sfil Group 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; or  
(iii) in the case of Social Notes, to be made available to CAFFIL to 
finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, either Eligible 
Health Loan Portfolio held on the balance sheet of CAFFIL as 
defined in the Sfil Group Social Note Framework or Eligible 
Social Loans held on the balance sheet of CAFFIL as defined in 
the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework; or  
(iv) in the case of Sustainability Notes, to be made available to 
CAFFIL to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible 
Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans held on the balance sheet 
of CAFFIL as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework; or  
(v) 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular 
issue of Notes for which there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds (other than as specified above). 
Ratings: 
Notes to be issued under the Programme are expected to be rated AA by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), and/or Aa2 by Moody's 
France SAS ("Moody's") and/or AA (high) by DBRS Ratings GmbH 
("DBRS") and their respective successors and/or by any other rating 
agency. Each of S&P, Moody's and DBRS is established in the European 
Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit 
ratings agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), and is appearing 
on the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation 
published 
by 
the 
ESMA 
on 
its 
website

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) 
as of the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. The rating 
(if any) of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
The offer and sale of Notes will be subject to selling restrictions (see 
section entitled "Subscription and Sale" of this Base Prospectus) in 
various jurisdictions, in particular the United States of America, the 
United Kingdom, Singapore, Switzerland and the EEA including France. 
General Information: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from 
time to time and the Final Terms relating to any issue of Notes admitted 
to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant 
to a Non-Exempt Offer in a Member State of the EEA in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation are available on the websites of the Issuer 
(www.sfil.fr, for at least ten years as from the Issue Date of such Notes) 
and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, copies of the following 
documents will also be available for inspection and obtainable upon 
request and free of charge, during usual business hours on any weekday, 
at the registered office of the Issuer (112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 
Paris, France) and, except for the document referred to in sub-paragraph 
(i) below, on the website of the Issuer (www.sfil.fr): 
(i) 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement; 
(ii) 
the up to date by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements 
and interim financial statements of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris or admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market 
and/or offered to the public pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer in 
a Member State of the EEA; 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to 
this Base Prospectus or further base prospectus; 
(vi) 
any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
and  
(vii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part 
of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, French law.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following are risk factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risk associated with the Notes and/or may alter its ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes towards investors and of which prospective investors should be aware.  
Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express a 
view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
In each category below the Issuer sets out the most material risks in first according to each assessment, taking into 
account the negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. The materiality of the risks has 
been assessed based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact on 
the Issuer.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes issued 
under the Programme. Additional risks not included in this risk factors section below, e.g. because they are currently 
not material or not known by the Issuer, may result in material risks in the future.  
Prior to making an investment decision, prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and 
make their own opinion about risk factors prior to making any investment decision. Investors should in particular 
conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes 
and consult their own financial or legal advisers about risks associated with investment in a particular Series of 
Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" herein shall have the 
same meanings in this section.  
I. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER AND ITS OPERATIONS 
The following risks factors are presented from the most important to the less, as result of the crossing of the likelihood 
of their occurrence and of the level of their impact in case of occurrence. 
The following table gives the detail of the risk factors identified and indicates, for each of them, the likelihood of 
their occurrence and their negative impact on the Issuer and the Sfil Group on the date of this Base Prospectus. The 
likelihood of the occurrence is graded on a four-level scale ("Very Unlikely", "Unlikely", "Likely" and "Very Likely") 
and the magnitude of their negative impact is graded on a three-level scale ("Low", "Moderate" and "Significant"). 
Within each of the below mentioned categories, the risks have been listed according to this grading, the risks with 
the combinaison of the highest likelihood and negative impact coming first. 
 
Likelihood 
Impact 
1) 
Legal and tax risks 
 
 
1.1 Risks arising from implementation of Basel III Risk-
Weighted Asset Framework 
Likely 
Moderate 
1.2 Risk arising from European and French laws and 
regulations 
Likely 
Moderate 
 
1.3 
Risks 
relating 
to 
any 
litigation 
with 
a 
counterparty/borrower or tax authority 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
2) 
Credit and counterparty risks 
 
 
2.1 Risk of default  
Likely 
Moderate 
2.2 Risk of geographic concentration  
Unlikely 
Moderate 
2.3 Risk of default of bank counterparties 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
3) 
Financial risks

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
3.1 Credit rating of Sfil will be affected by the credit 
rating of the French State 
Likely  
Moderate 
3.2 Risk of a liquidity shortfall that may affect the 
Issuer's ability to settle its debt commitments in a timely 
fashion 
Unlikely 
Moderate  
3.3 Sfil may be exposed to interest rate risk or changes 
in other market parameters 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
4) 
Operational and non-compliance risks 
 
 
4.1 Non-compliance risk 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
4.2 Operational risk 
Unlikely 
Moderate 
5) 
Business activity risks – Sfil may face a decrease in its activity 
and its margins in the local authority and municipal lending 
market or in the refinancing of export credit 
Unlikely 
Significant 
1. 
Legal and tax risks 
1.1 
Risks arising from implementation of Basel III Risk-Weighted Asset Framework 
Sfil is subject to prudential regulations applicable to credit institutions and has to comply with the current Capital 
Requirements Regulation and Capital Requirements Directive as described below. As of 31 December 2022, Sfil's 
capital level is high (CET1 capital ratio: 40.3%; total capital ratio: 40.4%) given its solvency minimum 
requirements set by the European Central Bank as per the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process exercise 
(CET1 capital: 7.42%; total capital: 11.25%). As of 31 December 2022, Sfil's leverage ratio is 11.1% and exceeds 
the minimum 3% requirement. 
The revised framework published by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") 
("Basel III") was implemented under EU legislation through the "CRD IV package" which consists of the 
Directive n° 2013/36/EU dated 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the "Capital Requirements Directive"), the 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms, as amended (the "Capital Requirements Regulation") and the relevant subsequent delegated regulations. 
A number of new requirements arising from the CRD IV package was implemented under French law through Law 
no. 2013-672 dated 26 July 2013 relating to the separation and regulation of banking activities. The implementation 
of the CRD IV package at the legislative level was finalized under French law by Ordinance n°2014-158 dated 20 
February 2014 and subsequent implementing decrees and "arrêtés".  
The CRD IV package has been amended by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 (the "CRD V Directive") and Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 (the "CRR II Regulation" and, together with the CRD V Directive, the "CRD V 
package"), which were published in the European Union's Official Journal on 7 June 2019.  
They notably provide for:  
• 
leverage ratio calculation rules tailored to the specific nature of public development banks;  
• 
a weighting of the Net Stable Funding Ratio tailored to encumbered assets included in the covered bond 
issuer's cover pool.  
The CRD V package came into force on 27 June 2019. The CRD V Directive has been implemented under French 
law by Ordinance n°2020-1635 dated 21 December 2020 and Decree n°2020-1637 dated 22 December 2020. The 
CRR II Regulation is directly applicable in all member states of the European Union (the "EU") apart from certain 
portion that will apply as from 28 June 2023. 
In order to finalise Basel III reforms, the Basel Committee decided in December 2017 to introduce new revisions 
seeking to restore credibility in the calculation of risk-weighted assets ("RWAs") and improve the comparability 
of banks' capital ratios by:  
• 
enhancing the robustness and risk sensitivity of the standardised approaches for credit risk, credit valuation

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
adjustment ("CVA") risk and operational risk;  
• 
constraining the use of the internal model approaches, by placing floors on certain inputs used to calculate 
capital requirements under the internal ratings-based approach ("IRBA") for credit risk and by removing the 
use of the internal model approaches for CVA risk and for operational risk; 
• 
introducing a progressive output floor on RWAs based on the Committee's revised Basel III standardised 
approaches.  
In order to implement at the European level the December 2017 Basel Committee decisions, the European 
Commission published on 27 October 2021 a legislative proposal to amend the Capital Requirements Regulation 
and the Capital Requirements Directive. The proposal for a regulation amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as 
regards requirements for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and the output 
floor provides notably for the creation of a specific IRBA category for exposures to Regional Goverments & Local 
Authorities ("RGLA") and public sector entities ("PSE"), henceforth distinct from that dedicated to "institutions. 
It also provides for a minimum Probability of Default and Loss Given Default ("LGD") levels. As regards the LGD, 
this "floor" was initially proposed at 25% by the Commission, but could finally be set at 5% according to the last 
proposals of the European Parliament and Council. However, these proposals could potentially affect the current 
capital requirements of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, this proposal, inter alia, aims at requiring credit institutions to systematically identify, disclose and 
manage risks in connection with environmental and sustainability growth ("ESG Risks") as part of their risk 
management, and introducing regular climate stress testing of credit institutions by national supervisors to enhance 
the focus on ESG Risks in the prudential framework. 
This proposal is currently discussed in the trialogue with the European Parliament and the Council, and will in any 
case not apply before 1st January 2025.  
The magnitude of the impact of Basel III will depend on the particular asset structure of each bank and its precise 
impact on the Issuer cannot be quantified with certainty at this time: a number of elements will have to be discussed 
in this context, in particular the level of LGD finally applicable as well as the possibility of exempting development 
loans from the calculation of the output floor. The moderate qualification of the risk impact related to this future 
regulation is also linked to the possibility of treating Sfil Group's RGLA/PSE exposures according to the standard 
method.  
In addition, the implementation of Basel III, the CRD V package and any of their expected amendments could affect 
the risk weighting of the covered bonds in respect of certain investors to the extent that those investors are subject to 
the new guidelines resulting from the implementation of the CRD V package. 
1.2 
Risk arising from European and French laws and regulations 
Sfil business operations are governed by European and French laws and regulations and are subject to supervision 
by the European Central Bank and by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution ("ACPR"). Any changes 
to the current French legislation (in particular for Caisse Française de Financement Local ("CAFFIL"), legislation 
relating to the issuance of obligations foncières and the privilège attached to such obligations foncières) could 
adversely affect Sfil's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
Any change in the current European legislation for European covered bonds (Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 and article 129 of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation) could also adversely affect Sfil's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 
In addition, to maintain its "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label for its issues, CAFFIL has to comply with 
the European legislation for European Covered Bonds which includes an eligibility criteria for some assets and 
derivatives in the cover pool which is in particular subject to changes in ratings granted by rating agencies. This 
could lead to exclude other assets and derivatives from the cover pool in case of downgrade of these counterparties 
(especially hedging derivatives, cash investments in the form of bank exposures and some run-off assets with local 
authorities outside the European Union). This could adversely affect Sfil Group's business, financial condition, cash 
flows and results of operations. 
1.3 
Risks relating to any litigation with a counterparty/borrower or tax authority  
Sfil is exposed to legal and tax risk which can be defined as the risk of any litigation with a counterparty/borrower 
or tax authority resulting from any misunderstanding, lack or insufficiency that may be attributed to the Issuer in the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
exercise of its activities. Certain legal and legislative trends in the EU local government and municipal lending market 
may expose Sfil to financial and reputational risk.  
CAFFIL has, in its portfolio, some structured loans considered as sensitive, which had been granted to French public 
sector entities by Dexia Crédit Local before the acquisition of CAFFIL by Sfil. Certain of these customers initiated 
legal proceedings against Dexia Crédit Local, CAFFIL and/or Sfil claiming notably that such loans, including their 
annual rate of charge (TEG), were not valid and that Dexia Crédit Local did not provide mandatory information and 
advice prior to their signature. 
Even if the number of lawsuits with borrowers is very limited at the date of this Base Prospectus (1 for around 107 
borrowers for the sensitive loans portfolio, being noted that 222 borrowers cancelled their litigation proceedings 
since 2013) and that with two rulings dated 28 March 2018 and 26 June 2019 and two judgments dated 20 May 2020 
and 12 November 2020, the Cour de cassation confirmed the validity of the structured loans carried on CAFFIL's 
balance sheet, there is a risk that one of linked court decision may be unfavourable to Sfil and CAFFIL. Such adverse 
court decision may have a negative impact on the reputation of Sfil. In the worst case, such litigation may lead to 
certain loans being declared void or voidable in whole or in part. It could also lead to a decrease of the contractual 
interest rate with retroactive effect and thus affect the hedging derivatives and the hedge relationship. In such cases, 
it may adversely affect cash flows, results of operations and financial condition of Sfil. As an illustration, the amount 
of provisions for pending legal issues is EUR 1 million as of 31 December 2022. 
2. 
Credit and counterparty risks 
2.1 
Risk of default 
Credit risk represents the potential loss that Sfil may incur by reason of the deterioration of its counterparties' 
solvency. A default by any of its counterparties or clients could have a negative effect on its financial situation. A 
solvency default by a counterparty or client could cause other institutions to default and generate liquidity 
problems. The stability of such institutions depends greatly on the trends in the market, notably through credit 
and 
other financial flows linking these institutions together. This risk can adversely affect the financial 
intermediaries, banks and depositories with which Sfil operates daily which may therefore adversely affect its 
income, returns and solvency. 
Sfil faces credit risk on its loans and bonds portfolio, including its treasury portfolio. Sfil's portfolio is 
principally made up of exposures on public borrowers. The ability of public sector borrowers, including local 
authorities and municipalities, to meet their payment obligations may be affected by their levels of indebtedness, 
social spending obligations, interest rates and tax revenue collections, transfers of subsidies from the central 
governments, each of which could be adversely affected by a deterioration of general economic conditions. 
Deteriorating economic conditions could therefore have an adverse effect on the credit quality of the assets of Sfil. 
Sfil also refinances export credits. Since the launch of this activity in 2015, total production reached EUR 11.2 
billion at the end of 2022. These loans benefit from a 100% guarantee provided by the French State through 
Bpifrance Assurance Export. These loans are thus considered as exposures to the French State. The French State's 
ability to meet its payment obligations may be affected by its levels of indebtedness, social spending obligations, 
interest rates and tax revenue collections, each of which could be adversely affected by a deterioration in general 
economic conditions. In case an export credit borrower defaults, deteriorating economic conditions could therefore 
have an adverse effect on the recovery of these assets. 
The cruise sector, whose debt is fully guaranteed by Bpifrance Assurance Export in the name and on behalf of the 
French State in principal and interest is still on the Watchlist due to the residual effect of the Covid 19 crisis and 
due to the increase of the cost of fuel.  
With regard to liquidity, the volatility of the financial markets did not affect the Sfil Group's issuance program 
overall during the year 2022. This amounted to EUR 6.4 billion in 2022. The recovery of the economy and the 
continued support of central banks enabled the Sfil Group to achieve its annual financing plan in line with its budget. 
As an illustration, exposures to credit risk, which is measured using the "Exposure at Default" (EAD) metric, 
amounted to EUR 67.3 billion as of 31 December 2022 (excluding non-current assets and accruals and other 
liabilities):  
• 
nearly 60% of this exposure is concentrated in French local public authorities (regions, departments, 
communities, groups of communities, etc.); 
• 
23% of this exposure is included in "Sovereign" items including 74% as a result of the export credit activity;

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
• 
10% of this exposure comes from public sector entities, including 87% from public stakeholders in the 
hospital sector. 
The high quality of Sfil's and CAFFIL's portfolio can also be seen in the Risk-weighted asset (RWA) weightings 
assigned to their assets to calculate the Sfil Group's solvency ratio.  
The Sfil Group has chosen the advanced method to calculate regulatory equity requirements for its main core 
business outstanding: the exposures on French local public administrations (regions, departments, municipalities, 
own tax groups and equivalent) are processed according to the A-IRB2 method.  
The breakdown of the Sfil Group's exposures by risk weighting as of 31 December 2022 is as follows:  
Risk weightings (Basel III) of Sfil Group's portfolio as of 31 December 2022 (consolidated basis) 
 
The excellent quality of the assets is confirmed as of 31 December 2022: 84% of the Sfil Group's portfolio has a 
weighting of less than 5%, and 98% of the portfolio has a weighting that is less than or equal to 20%. 
The foreseeable impacts to date related to the war situation in Ukraine are very limited for the Sfil Group: the Sfil 
Group has only one exposure in Ukraine which as of 31 December 2022 represented balance sheet outstanding of 
EUR 57 million and an off-balance sheet financing commitment of EUR 2 million as part of its export credit 
activity. As this exposure is 100% guaranteed by the French Republic, Sfil is not directly exposed to credit risk on 
this issue. 
2.2 
Risk of geographic concentration  
The vast majority of the assets (more than 90%, excluding replacement assets and cash), measured by principal 
amount of the assets, is concentrated in France. The ability of the French State and local authorities and municipal 
borrowers and guarantors, like other public sector borrowers, to meet their obligations will be affected by the 
economic factors noted above. Adverse changes in the financial, economic and fiscal conditions within France may 
have significant consequences for the French public sector borrowers. 
Furthermore, Sfil holds a significant amount of assets representing lending to borrowers in other countries than 
France and in particular in Italy. These assets are now managed in a run-off mode. Adverse financial, economic 
and fiscal conditions in these economies and perceived weaknesses of a country's financial situation may also have 
an adverse impact on the credit quality of the assets and consequently potentially adversely affect the Issuer. 
2.3 
Risk of default of bank counterparties 
Sfil enters into derivative transactions with a number of bank counterparties as part of its currency and interest 
rate hedging operations. These derivatives are governed by master agreements that provide for the bilateral 
exchange of collateral or unilateral exchange of collateral in favour of CAFFIL. When a derivative is entered into 
between Sfil and CAFFIL, Sfil is unilaterally posting collateral to CAFFIL. In this last hypothesis, Sfil 
benefits for its derivative exposures on CAFFIL from the legal privilège, pari passu with the covered bonds 
(obligations foncières) of CAFFIL. As an illustration, exposure to credit risk for financial institution, which is 
measured using the "Exposure at Default" (EAD) metric, amounted to EUR 1.3 billion (2% of total EAD amount) 
as of 31 December 2022. 
While having collateral agreements and hedging derivatives with a large number of counterparties is designed to 
 
2 A-IRB: Weightings calculated based on the probability of counterparty default and the loss incurred in the event of default.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
mitigate risk, Sfil is nonetheless exposed to the risk of default of its derivative counterparties. This could adversely 
affect cash flows, results of operations and financial condition of Sfil.  
The assets of Sfil are invested in various types of debt instruments, including cash investment securities issued by 
banks. Most of these assets are classified in a Hold to Collect portfolio and Sfil is therefore not subject to the evolution 
of the price of these assets. Sfil is however exposed to the evolutions of the value of the balance of its portfolio 
in case of decrease in the prices of these financial assets and is also exposed to counterparty risks in relation 
to these financial assets. In such cases, it may adversely affect cash flows, results of operations and financial 
condition of Sfil. 
3. 
Financial risks  
3.1 
Credit rating of Sfil will be affected by the credit rating of the French State  
The shareholding structure of Sfil, parent company of CAFFIL changed in 2020. On 30 September 2020, the French 
State, Caisse des dépôts et consignations ("CDC") and La Banque Postale ("LBP") announced the finalization of 
the acquisition by CDC (that held a 20% stake to date) of all of the Sfil shares held by LBP (i.e. 5%) and of all of 
the shares held by the State (i.e. 75%), with the exception of one ordinary share that the State retained in accordance 
with the terms of the agreement announced on 9 October 2019 and 4 March 2020. CDC is Sfil's new reference 
shareholder. The State will continue to have a seat on Sfil's Board of Directors by means of a non-voting director, 
in view of the public interest missions entrusted to Sfil. 
Sfil's shareholding structure is still fully public. Its shareholders will ensure that Sfil's financial solidity is preserved 
and its economic base protected and will continue to provide it with the necessary support, in accordance with the 
applicable regulations. CDC confirmed its commitment in a letter of support, completed by a letter of support from 
the State, in the context of Sfil's continuing status as a State-owned development bank. 
While the rating of Sfil by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") remains unchanged, S&P has modified 
the rating methodology applied by abandoning the rating based on the bank methodology and now retaining a rating 
based on the rating of the French State. Similarly, in early February 2021, DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS") aligned 
its rating of Sfil on that of the French State.  
As of 31 December 2022, the French State has been assigned a rating of Aa2 by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), 
AA by S&P and AA (high) by DBRS. CDC has been assigned a rating of Aa2 by Moody's and AA by S&P. Sfil's 
long term senior debt has been assigned a rating of Aa2 by Moody's, AA by S&P and AA (high) by DBRS. 
The credit rating of Sfil is closely linked to that of the French State. Moreover, in the context of its activities of 
refinancing large export credits, Sfil also grants export credit loans that are 100% insured by the French State and 
managed by the French public export credit agency under its control, on its behalf and in its name. The export 
credits are thus considered as exposures to the French State. The French State's ability to meet its payment 
obligations may be affected by its levels of indebtedness, social spending obligations, interest rates and tax revenue 
collections, each of which could be adversely affected by deterioration in general economic conditions. 
Deteriorating economic conditions could therefore have an adverse effect on the credit quality of the assets of Sfil. 
In the event of a downgrade of the credit rating of the French State, ratings of Sfil and of the Notes may be affected. 
If the credit rating of the Notes were reduced due to these factors, such downgrade may adversely affect the value 
of Sfil's outstanding Notes, increase Sfil's cost of borrowing and adversely affect Sfil's ability to issue new Notes. 
3.2 
Risk of a liquidity shortfall that may affect the Issuer's ability to settle its debt commitments in a timely fashion 
Liquidity risk can be defined as the risk that Sfil may not be able to find the necessary liquidity to cover the 
financing needs related to its activity, and/or may not be able to settle its liabilities in due date. As a consequence, 
Sfil faces the risk that it cannot meet its obligations, such as being unable to reimburse its counterparties or investors. 
The Sfil Group's liquidity requirements are mainly of three types: (i) financing of assets, including those on CAFFIL's 
balance sheet (ii) financing the liquidity needs arising from the repayment of the issues made by Sfil or by CAFFIL 
(iii) financing of liquidity needs linked to compliance with regulatory ratios including its subsidiary CAFFIL 
collateral ratio and (iv) financing of the cash collateral of hedging derivatives intermediated by Sfil. Liquidity 
needs may increase in case of adverse market conditions. 
As Sfil turns to the market for short-, medium- or long-term financing, prolonged disruptions, uncertainty or 
volatility in the debt markets may limit Sfil's ability to access funding, particularly its ability to issue longer-
dated securities in international capital markets These market conditions may limit Sfil's ability to replace, in a

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
timely manner, maturing liabilities. Sfil may also be forced to delay raising longer term funding, rely on shorter term 
funding than it would prefer to, or pay higher interest rates, thereby increasing its debt expense, decreasing its 
profitability and significantly reducing its financial flexibility. In such cases, it may adversely affect cash flows, 
results of operations and financial condition of Sfil. As an illustration, as of 31 December 2022, LCR ratio reached 
161% on a consolidated basis and the amount of liquidity reserves amounted to EUR 40.8 billion. 
3.3 
Sfil may be exposed to interest rate risk or changes in other market parameters 
Sfil is exposed to interest rate risk resulting from new commercial loans and refinancing operations at fixed rates 
(fixed rate risk) or at variable rates (basis and option risk). Unexpected changes in assets or in the interest rate curve 
may affect Sfil's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. These risks are monitored on a 
monthly basis using appropriate indicators subject to limits, and hedging operations are concluded so that each 
indicator respects its limit. 
The Sfil Group has a low exposure to prepayment risks, as prepayment indemnity clauses are present in almost all 
loan contracts. 
The main risks identified and associated with the current interest rate environment, characterised by rate increases 
and high volatility, are the following ones: 
• 
greater uncertainty about the volume of new production: changes in financing conditions and higher credit 
costs, as well as uncertainties about the macroeconomic environment, could lead some customers to reduce 
or postpone their investments. In addition, the decorrelation between the legal usury rate and the levels of 
rates observed on the markets could have an impact if rates continue to rise;  
• 
increased interest rate volatility could lead to a greater variation in the interest margin for the portion of 
production that is managed by macro-hedging. 
Based on a constant balance sheet (renewal of operations on the basis of the outstanding amount at the closing date) 
on 31 December 2022, the sensitivity of the net interest rate margin over 12 months is:  
• 
for a parallel increase in rates of 200 basis points: a decrease of EUR 7 million; and 
• 
for a parallel decrease in rates of 200 basis points: an increase of EUR 4 million. 
With regard to market risk, Sfil does not carry out trading operations and is therefore not subject to market risk in 
the regulatory sense of the term.  
Certain positions in the Sfil Group's banking portfolio, although not representing a regulatory market risk, are 
nevertheless sensitive to the volatility of market parameters, and may consequently impact the accounting result or 
the shareholders' equity; they are monitored as non-regulatory market risks. These are mainly: 
• 
risks arising from fluctuations in the valuation of financial assets recognised at fair value through profit or 
loss: the sensitivity of the value of the portfolio to a change in credit spread of one basis point is 1.5 million 
on 31 December 2022; 
• 
risks arising from the securities portfolio accounted at fair value through other comprehensive income: this 
risk is very limited, as the average life of these securities is below 1 year; 
• 
derivatives classified as hedges under IFRS, for which there may be a difference between the valuation of the 
hedged risk and the valuation of the hedging item (derivative), due to the use of different yield curves; 
• 
changes in accounting value adjustments on derivatives such as CVA (Credit Valuation Adjustment) and 
DVA (Debit Valuation Adjustment), recognised in profit or loss under IFRS; 
• 
the provision for placement securities under French accounting standards; and 
• 
risks that may materialise in Sfil's accounts, on an individual basis, in the context of its derivatives 
intermediation activity carried out on behalf of CAFFIL, if the derivatives carried out by Sfil with external 
counterparties are not perfectly replicated at CAFFIL. 
4. 
Operational and non-compliance risks  
4.1 
Non-Compliance risk 
The risk of non-compliance is the risk of a legal, administrative or disciplinary sanction, of a significant financial

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
loss or of a denigration of reputation caused by the non-respect of procedures specific to banking and financial 
activities, whether they are of legislative or regulatory nature.  
Sfil strives to comply with all laws, regulations, professional standards or recommendations that apply to it. 
However, as compliance requirements become more stringent, Sfil is exposed to the risk of non-compliance, i.e. 
the inability to comply with them in full and may also be exposed to the following risks: 
- 
risks relating to professional conduct: the risk of a failure to comply with professional conduct when 
dealing with clients and the reputational risk linked to this failure to comply. In particular, this could be 
linked to a failure to comply with the laws governing EU local authority and municipal lending or a failure 
by CAFFIL to comply with the legislation applicable in France to covered bonds (obligations foncières) or 
a failure to comply with export credit regulations;  
- 
risks relating to failure of anti-money laundering policies. 
The Sfil Group's non-compliance risks are divided into two major categories: regulatory compliance risks and 
financial security risks:  
 
In addition to the damage to its reputation, non-compliance would expose Sfil to various types of litigation, 
sanctions, fines or costs relating to failure to comply with above mentioned provisions, that may adversely affect 
Sfil's business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. This risk is further enhanced by the increased 
level of supervision of financial institutions by the relevant authorities.  
4.2 
Operational Risks 
Sfil defines operational risk as the risk of loss due to inappropriate, or failure of, procedures, individuals or 
systems, or loss resulting from external events. As of 31 December 2022, Risks Weighted Assets (RWA) affected 
to operational risk (reported in the Pillar III report and calculated on standard approach) amounted to EUR 411 
million (11% of total RWA). 
The main operational risks can be divided into the following categories: 
- 
risk of internal or external fraud: from an employee or a third party, especially in case of cyber-attack; 
- 
human resources and skills risk: the risk of skills management is a risk identified as high since the creation of 
Sfil due to several factors: 
• 
an activity requiring expertise in certain fields linked to the specificity of Sfil (local public sector, 
balance sheet management, covered bonds, etc.) associated with the limited number of key skills in 
certain teams due to their reduced size; and 
• 
complex recruitments accentuated in certain areas by a tension on certain skills (in particular on 
internal models, on balance sheet management or on financial security). 
The consequences of this risk are mainly operational in nature through errors, malfunctions and delays in 
the performance of activities. This risk is regularly monitored via controls and indicators (such as the 
turnover rate or the percentage of people with experience of more than one year in certain teams). 
- 
risks relating to information systems which include risks relating to the planning of systems development, 
risk of design, development, maintenance and security of applications, and risks related to the use of 
applications and softwares; 
- 
risks relating to the conduct of operations (in particular, risks relating to the EU local authority and 
municipal lending market): information reliability, compliance with procedures, reliability of deliverables, 
human errors and inadequate monitoring of activities; 
- 
risks relating to compensation delays in relation to insurance policies, including insurance on export 
credit;

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
- 
security risks: this risk relates to the continuity and resumption of activities (including the establishment 
of a business continuity plan), goods and individuals; 
- 
commercial and partnership risks: risks regarding the default of a partner, the sharing of responsibilities, 
commissioning, products distribution, knowledge of clients' needs and ethics; and 
- 
model risk: risk relating to decisions based on internal model results due to errors in their development 
implementation or use. 
The occurrence of any such above mentioned operational risks may affect negatively Sfil's business, profits and 
financial situation.   
5. 
Business activity risk - Sfil may face a decrease in its activity and its margins in the local authority and 
municipal lending market or in the refinancing of export credit 
Sfil may face increasing competition in the local government lending market or in the refinancing of export credit. 
In France, where it will source its new assets, competition may increase from French universal banks. As an 
illustration, in 2022, Sfil and LBP partnership consolidated their leadership position with EUR 4.1 billion loans 
production (source Sfil). 
Even if competitive pressure seems to have lowered in 2021 and 2022, certain Sfil's and LBP's competitors may be 
larger and better capitalized than Sfil, or benefit from other funding sources at a different cost than market funding 
used by the Sfil Group. Consequently, Sfil may face pricing pressure in certain areas of its operations in the future 
as competitors seek to increase market share by reducing prices or offering new services at low prices. The 
municipal market competition could intensify, which may result in narrower lending spreads. This could make it 
more difficult for Sfil to purchase or refinance eligible loans and credit exposures with a sufficient margin to be 
refinanced by the Notes. Existing or increased competition in the French municipal banking sector or in the 
refinancing of export credit may lead to a reduction of margins for new commitments and ultimately to a strong 
reduction of new assets lending for Sfil, or otherwise materially affect Sfil's business, financial condition, cash 
flows and results of operations.  
For the refinancing of export credit, 2022 was marked by a limited number of contracts (2 deals for nearly EUR 
700 million), with the completion of certain important projects having been postponed to 2023. Export credit 
volume per year is volatile, but an increasing trend could be expected in line with the need for investments notably 
in infrastructure in the frame of climate transition. Since the launch of this mission mid-2015, the total volume 
refinanced by the Sfil Group stands at EUR 11.2 billion contributing to EUR 21 billion in total export credits. On 
average, over the last four years, Sfil's contribution of liquidity to the refinancing of major export credits represents 
around 40% of the market3. 
The level of margins and the amounts of loans to the local authorities and municipalities bought from LBP or the 
export credit market guaranteed by the French State may not remain at their current level, particularly in the 
uncertain environnement that prevails with the return of inflation and the increase in interest rates. 
II. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
A. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES 
(i) 
Interest rate risks related to the Notes  
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a fixed rate of 
interest to Noteholders. Investors in Fixed Rate Notes are exposed to the risk that subsequent changes in interest rates 
may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is determined during the term of such Note or within a given 
period of time, the market interest rate typically varies on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price 
of the Fixed Rate Note varies in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of the Fixed 
Rate Note typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the market interest rate. 
If the market interest rate decreases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Fixed 
Rate Note equals approximately the market interest rate. 
 
3 Source Sfil

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
Movements of the market interest rate can adversely affect the price of the Fixed Rate Note and can lead to losses if 
they sell Notes during the period in which the market interest rate exceeds the fixed rate of such Note. It is difficult 
to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on 
the price of the Notes and cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial 
investment. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a floating rate of 
interest to Noteholders. A key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income 
on Floating Rate Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, it is difficult to anticipate future market 
volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the yield of Floating Rate 
Notes at the time the investors purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of 
investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for frequent 
interest payment dates, investors are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, 
investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. In 
addition, the Issuer's ability to issue Fixed Rate Notes may affect the market value and secondary market (if any) of 
the Floating Rate Notes (and vice versa). 
Fixed/Floating Notes  
Condition 5(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for the issuance of Fixed/Floating Notes which bear 
interest at a rate that converts either automatically or at the option of the Issuer from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of the interest 
basis, may affect the secondary market, the yield on, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of interest 
basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. If the Issuer converts from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at any time may be lower than 
the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Therefore, investors could receive a lower return on the Notes and, as a result, lose all or part of their investment in 
the Notes. 
Inflation Linked Notes  
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for the issuance of Notes with principal or interest 
determined by reference to the rate of inflation in France or in the European Monetary Union ("Inflation Linked 
Notes"). Inflation Linked Notes are securities which do not provide for predetermined redemption amounts and/or 
interest payments but amounts due in respect of principal and/or interest will be dependent upon the performance of 
one or more inflation indices, which themselves may contain substantial credit, interest rate, foreign exchange, time 
value, political and/or other risks and will be one of (i) the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all 
households in France or the relevant substitute index, as calculated and published monthly by the INSEE, or (ii) the 
harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco), or the relevant substitute index, measuring the rate of 
inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published monthly by Eurostat (each an "Inflation 
Index" and together, the "Inflation Indices"). If the value of the relevant Inflation Index calculated at any time prior 
to the maturity date is lower than the value of such index at the time of the issue of the Notes or at the time of 
purchase by the Noteholders, then the amount of interest payable by the Issuer and/or the principal of Inflation Linked 
Notes may vary. Noteholders may receive no interest.  
Each holder of Notes linked to an Inflation Index may receive a Redemption Amount which will be determined on 
the basis of a formulae and by reference to a ratio IIR (as defined in Condition 6(e) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes). If the calculated Redemption Amount is below par, the Notes will be redeemed at par. An investment in 
Inflation Linked Notes therefore entails significant risks which include, among other things, the possibility that: 
• 
such Inflation Indices may be subject to significant changes, whether due to the composition of any such 
Inflation Index itself, or because of fluctuations in value of the Inflation Indices; 
• 
the resulting interest rate will be less (or may be more) than that payable on a conventional debt security 
issued by the Issuer at the same time; and/or 
• 
it may not be possible for investors to hedge their exposure to these various risks relating to Inflation Linked 
Notes.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
In addition, the value of Inflation Linked Notes on the secondary market is subject to greater levels of risk than the 
value of other Notes and the market price of such Notes may be very volatile. The secondary market, if any, for 
Inflation Linked Notes will be affected by a number of factors, independent of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and 
the value of the applicable Inflation Index, including the volatility of the applicable Inflation Index, the time 
remaining to the maturity of such Notes, the amount outstanding of such Notes and market interest rates. The value 
of the applicable Inflation Index depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events, over which the Issuer has no control.  
Holders of Inflation Linked Notes are exposed to the risk that changes in the levels of the Inflation Indices may 
adversely affect the value of such Notes and as a result, investors could lose part of their investment.  
Reform and regulation of "Benchmarks"  
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be determined by reference to "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, as amended (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation").  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "Benchmarks" (such as CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, 
SOFR, SONIA, TEC 10 or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective 
whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such "Benchmarks" to perform differently from 
the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences that cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have an adverse effect on any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes linked to or referencing such a "Benchmark".  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
traded on a trading venue or via a "systematic internaliser" linked to or referencing a "Benchmark". Notably, the 
methodology or other terms of the "Benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "Benchmark". This could potentially lead 
to the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed early or otherwise 
impacted depending on the particular "Benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes or have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"Benchmarks" or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "Benchmark" and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain 
"Benchmarks" (such as CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA, TEC 10 or any other reference rate 
specified in the relevant Final Terms): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to such "Benchmarks", (ii) trigger changes in the rules or the methodologies used in such "Benchmarks" or (iii) lead 
to the disappearance of such "Benchmarks". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have an adverse effect on the 
market value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a 
"Benchmark". 
If a "Benchmark" were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes or 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes which are linked to or which reference such "Benchmark" will be determined for the 
relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes (it 
being specified that if the Reference Rate has been discontinued or a Benchmark Event has occurred, a specific 
fallback shall apply - please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing "Benchmarks"" below). 
However, such fallback provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant 
national authority, as further explained below. 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, this may (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by reference 
banks of offered quotations for the benchmark rate which, depending on market circumstances, may not be available 
at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the "Benchmark" was available. Any of the foregoing

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a 
"Benchmark".  
The Benchmarks Regulation was notably amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down 
of certain "Benchmarks" (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for said 
"Benchmarks" on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and 
financial instruments (such as certain Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback provision or no 
suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the Benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a 
fallback provision included in Condition 5(c)(iv) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes a "Benchmark" is replaced 
by a "Benchmark" which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the 
economic reality that the "Benchmark" in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such 
"Benchmark" may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such "Benchmark" and may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable 
"Benchmark". However, there are still uncertainties about the exact implementation of this provision pending the 
implementing acts of the European Commission. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations, the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country "Benchmarks" are extended until the end of 2023 and the 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may 
create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of 
delegated regulations. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to €STR, SARON, SOFR and SONIA 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference 
rates for Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. These new overnight risk-free rates are still however in 
very early stages of development and they may not be widely adopted by market users. 
The Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may provide that the Rate of 
Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to such overnight risk-free rates such as the Euro short term 
rate ("€STR"), the Swiss Average Rate Overnight (the "SARON"), the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (the 
"SOFR") or the Sterling Overnight Index Average (the "SONIA"). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of €STR, SARON, SOFR and SONIA that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes 
issued under this Base Prospectus that reference €STR, SARON, SOFR or SONIA. 
The continued development of these overnight risk-free rates as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as 
well as continued development of such rates for such markets and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Floating Rate 
Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. The return on and value of €STR-, SARON-, SOFR- or SONIA-linked Notes 
may fluctuate more than Notes that are linked to less volatile rates. Since overnight risk-free rates are relatively 
new market indexes, the Notes will likely have no established trading market when issued, and an established 
trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell the 
Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility 
and market risk. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes that reference €STR, SARON, SOFR or SONIA is only 
capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Interest Period and shortly prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes that reference 
€STR, SARON, SOFR or SONIA to reliably estimate the amount of interest that will be payable on such Floating 
Rate Notes. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates across these markets may impact negatively any hedging 
or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal 
of any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes referencing €STR, SARON, SOFR or SONIA.  
The discontinuance of a reference rate or occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing "Benchmarks"

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
Where FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination is specified as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes is to be determined and the 
reference rate has been discontinued or a Benchmark Event (only applicable for Screen Rate Determination, as 
further described in Condition 5(c)(iv)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, it being specified that this 
Condition shall not apply to €STR, SARON, SOFR and SONIA) has occurred, the Rate of Interest on the affected 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes will be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such 
Notes, without any requirement to obtain the consent of such holders. 
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of any Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes for which Screen 
Rate Determination is specified, such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be 
set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(D) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes), and may include concomitant changes to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
necessary to make the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iv)(D) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) as comparable as possible to the previous Reference Rate, all as determined by the 
Independent Adviser and without the consent of the Noteholders. 
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined or due 
to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates or Alternative Rates and the involvement of an 
Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable 
"Benchmark". In addition, pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
10 February 2021 they may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national 
authority. 
If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine an appropriate Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for any 
Reference Rate on or prior to the next following relevant Floating Rate Determination Date, then the provisions for 
the determination of the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes will not 
be changed. In such cases, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that the Rate of Interest on such Floating 
Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous relevant Floating 
Rate Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent (i.e. which may result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate). In such circumstances and a rising interest rate environment, Noteholders will, consequently, not 
benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value and return of such Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes could therefore be adversely and materially affected. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating 
Rate Notes or Fixed/Floating Rate Notes. Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to 
adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any 
such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each 
Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to each Noteholder.  
Zero Coupon Notes  
Condition 5(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for the issuance of Notes that pay no interest to 
Noteholders. Changes in market interest rates generally have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero 
Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. 
If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than other notes having the same 
maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with 
a particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
(ii) 
Risks related to the redemption of the Notes  
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
In the event that the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction as provided in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Issuer may, in 
certain circumstances, redeem all of the Notes then outstanding in accordance with Condition 6(b) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. 
In addition, if the Issuer exercises its right to redeem any Notes early in accordance with Condition 6(c) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes, this may limit the market value of such Notes and an investor may not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part only, such partial redemption shall be effected by reducing the 
nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). The liquidity of the 
Notes may be adversely affected to the extent such partial redemption is exercised and such reduced liquidity could 
have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
Furthermore, as a consequence of an early redemption, the yields received upon redemption may be lower than 
expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the Notes paid by the 
Noteholder. The Noteholder may thus not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors that 
choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities with a 
lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
Exercise of the Put Option (as provided in Condition 6(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) in respect of 
certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. 
Depending on the number of Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Put Option provided in the relevant 
Final Terms is exercised, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
may become illiquid. 
(iii) 
Risks related to the rating of the Notes  
The value of the Notes is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer and the Sfil Group. The rating of Notes (if any) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such 
ratings may not continue for any period of time or may be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by 
any of the rating agencies, such as S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's France SAS, DBRS Ratings GmbH 
or their respective successors and/or by any other rating agency, without notice as a result of changes in or 
unavailability of information or if, in the judgment of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so warrant. A qualification, 
downgrade or withdrawal of any of the ratings mentioned above may adversely and materially affect both the value 
of the Notes or their marketability in secondary market transactions and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to issue 
new Notes.  
In addition, if the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, notwithstanding Condition 9 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and 
investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
Please also refer to the risk factor 3.1 entitled "Credit rating of Sfil will be affected by the credit rating of the French 
State" above. 
(iv) 
Risks related to Green Notes, Social Notes and Sustainability Notes  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to apply 
an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the issue of those Notes into: 
(i) 
Eligible Green Loans held on the balance sheet of CAFFIL as defined in the green, social and sustainability 
bond framework (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time) (the "Sfil Group Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework") (such Notes being "Green Notes");  
(ii) 
either Eligible Health Loan Portfolio held on the balance sheet of CAFFIL as defined in the social note 
framework (as may be amended or supplemented from time to time) (the "Sfil Group Social Note 
Framework") or Eligible Social Loans held on the balance sheet of CAFFIL as defined in the Sfil Group 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (such Notes being "Social Notes"); or  
(iii) 
Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans held on the balance sheet of CAFFIL as defined in the Sfil 
Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (such Notes being "Sustainability Notes"), 
such Sfil Group Social Note Framework and Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework being 
published on the website of the Issuer (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-
investors/) for an issue of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, as amended (the "Taxonomy Regulation") has been adopted, 
establishing a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and investors with a 
common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable (the

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
"EU Taxonomy"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes six environmental objectives: (i) climate change 
mitigation, (ii) climate change adaptation, (iii) the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, (iv) 
the transition to a circular economy, (v) pollution prevention and control and (vi) the protection and restoration of 
biodiversity and ecosystems. Under the Taxonomy Regulation, the European Commission had to come up with the 
actual list of environmentally sustainable activities by defining technical screening criteria for each environmental 
objective. In particular, a EU Taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act has been published on 15 July 2022, 
covering (under strict conditions) specific nuclear and gas activities in the list of economic activities covered by the 
EU Taxonomy and applying since 1st January 2023. 
The EU Taxonomy is subject to further development through delegated regulations. A first Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2021/2139 dated 4 June 2021 (as amended by Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022) 
established the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic activity qualifies 
as "contributing substantially" to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and determined whether 
that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives.  
In addition, the European Commission adopted Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 dated 6 July 2021 (as amended 
by the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022) supplementing Article 8 of the Taxonomy Regulation 
and specifying the content, methodology and presentation of information to be disclosed by certain undertakings 
concerning environmentally sustainable economic activities.  
Moreover, the European Commission published on 6 July 2021 its proposal for a regulation on an EU green bond 
standard which aims to regulate the use of the designation "European green bond" for bonds that pursue 
environmentally sustainable objectives. The Council set its position on the proposal on 13 April 2022. Trilogue 
negotiations started on 12 July 2022 and ended with a provisional agreement reached on 28 February 2023 on the 
legislative proposal for a EU green bond standard, which still needs to be confirmed and adopted by the Council and 
the European Parliament. The impact which the EU green bond standard (if and when implemented) may have on 
investor demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds (such as the Green Notes) that do not meet such 
standard is not clear at this stage. It could reduce demand and liquidity for the Green Notes and their price. 
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and 
social market, there is a risk that the use of proceeds of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes will 
not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its 
investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes, 
as the case may be, so specified for the relevant loan, in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant loan or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any loan, may not be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and accordingly such 
proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed for such loan. Such loan may not be completed within any specified 
period or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. In addition, Sfil 
Group may change the Sfil Group Social Note Framework and/or the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework at any time, in particular, in order to adapt to any update that may be made to the Green Bond 
Principles published by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (on which the Sfil Group Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is based) and/or the ICMA's Social Bond Principles (on which the Sfil 
Group Social Note Framework and the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework are based) 
and/or the ICMA's Sustainability Bond Guidelines (on which the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework is based). Such changes may have a negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of any Green 
Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes issued prior to their implementation. Any such event or failure by the 
Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Green Notes, the Social Notes or the Sustainability Notes, as 
the case may be. 
In addition, any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes, as 
the case may be, for any loan as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion 
or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is opining or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value and marketability of such 
Green Notes, such Social Notes or such Sustainability Notes, as the case may be, and also potentially the value of 
any other Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
B. 
RISKS RELATING TO ALL SERIES OF NOTES  
Credit Risk 
As contemplated in Condition 3 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Notes are direct, unconditional, 
unsecured (subject to Condition 4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) and senior preferred obligations within 
the meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier of the Issuer and rank and will 
rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all other direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations of the Issuer (save for statutorily preferred exceptions). 
However, an investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. If the financial situation of the Issuer 
deteriorates, notwithstanding Condition 9 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which enables the Noteholders 
to request the redemption of the Notes, it may not be able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the 
Notes and investors may lose all or part of their investment.  
French and European rules relating to insolvency and bank recovery and resolution 
The Issuer having its registered office in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer.  
Under French insolvency law, pursuant to Ordinance No. 2021-1193 of 15 September 2021, which transposes 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019, in the context of the 
opening in France of a safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde 
accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) with respect to the Issuer, 
the affected parties (parties affectées) (i.e. creditors, including the Noteholders) are grouped into distinct classes in 
order to adopt a restructuring plan. The administrator (administrateur judiciaire) splits, on the basis of verifiable 
objective criteria, the affected parties between classes comprising claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient commonality of interest, following certain conditions. As a minimum, the secured and unsecured 
receivables must be treated in distinct classes in order to adopt a restructuring plan. 
The decision of each class is taken by a two-third (2/3rd) majority of the voting rights of the participating members, 
no quorum being required. 
If the restructuring plan is not approved by all classes of affected parties, it can still be ratified by the court at the 
request of the Issuer or the receiver with the Issuer's consent and be imposed on dissenting classes through a cross-
class cram down, under certain conditions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Representation of the Noteholders described in Condition 11 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes will not be applicable to the extent they are not in compliance with 
compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
Furthermore, Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing an 
EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the 
"Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD"), entered into force on 2 July 2014, and Regulation (EU) 
No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 as amended by Regulation (EU) 
2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the "SRM Regulation") provide for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. 
The regime provided for by the BRRD is, among other things, stated to be needed to provide the authority 
designated by each EU member state (the "Resolution Authority") with a credible set of tools to intervene 
sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's 
critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of an institution's failure on the economy 
and financial system (including taxpayers' exposure to losses). Under the SRM Regulation a centralized power of 
resolution is established and entrusted to the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") and to the national resolution 
authorities. 
Since 1st January 2016, French credit institutions (such as the Issuer) have to meet, at all times, a minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") pursuant to Article L.613-44 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. The legislative proposal published by the European Commission on 27 October 2021 is 
amending BRRD by introducing new measures to clarify the calculation of internal MREL requirements within EU 
Banking groups and by harmonizing supervisory powers and tools of local supervisory authorities. 
The BRRD has been amended by (i) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 (which has been implemented under French law by French Ordinance n° 2020-1636 (ordonnance relative 
au régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020) and (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 2022/2036

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 October 2022. 
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include write-
down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) and eligible 
liabilities (including senior debt instruments such as the Notes if junior instruments prove insufficient to absorb all 
losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution under resolution in accordance with a set order of priority (the "Bail-
in Tool"). They also include write-down/conversion powers with respect to institutions or groups which viability 
would otherwise be at threat or who require extraordinary financial support. 
The BRRD provides, inter alia, that Resolution Authorities shall exercise the write-down power in a way that results 
in (i) common equity tier 1 instruments being written down first in proportion to the relevant losses, (ii) thereafter, 
the principal amount of other capital instruments, including additional tier 1 instruments and tier 2 instruments, 
being written down or converted into common equity tier 1 instruments on a permanent basis and (iii) thereafter, 
eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments such as the Notes) being written down or converted, it being 
specified that, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer does not issue any common equity tier 1 instrument, 
additional tier 1 instrument or tier 2 instrument. 
In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement 
other resolution measures with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, which may include 
(without limitation) the sale of the institution's business, the creation of a bridge institution, the separation of assets, 
the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms 
of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a 
temporary suspension on payments), removing management, appointing an interim administrator, and discontinuing 
the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
The holders of Notes have very limited rights to contest and/or ask for the suspension of the exercise of the relevant 
competent authorities' resolution powers.  
The application of any resolution measure under the French BRRD implementing provisions, or any suggestion of 
such application, with respect to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price 
or value of an investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. As 
a result, Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Modification and waivers 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a Masse and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling General 
Meetings or taking Written Decisions (each as defined and described in Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit in certain 
cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant 
General Meeting or did not vote through the relevant Written Decision and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority in accordance with Article L.228-65 of the French Code de commerce. Noteholders may 
through Collective Decisions (as defined and described in Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
deliberate or vote on any proposal relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes including 
any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of 
judicial decisions (as more fully described in Condition 11 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). The 
modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes adopted by a majority of holders of Notes may have a negative 
impact on the market value of the Notes and these holders of Notes may lose all or part of their investment in the 
Notes. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on French law in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Any 
possible decision or change to French law or the official application or interpretation of French law after the date of 
this Base Prospectus could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If any change in 
law was unfavourable to the Issuer or the Noteholders, it could have an adverse effect on the market value of the 
Notes (depending on the nature of the change) and could have potentially negative repercussions on the Noteholders' 
investment in the Notes. 
C. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET  
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued and an active trading market for the Notes may not 
develop, or, if one does develop, it may not be maintained or may not be liquid. If an active trading market for the 
Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the market or trading price and liquidity of the Notes may be adversely 
affected. If additional and competing products are introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of 
the Notes.  
Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. These types of Notes generally would 
have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a material adverse impact on the market value of Notes and as a result, Noteholders could lose part of their 
investment in the Notes. 
Although application may be made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on Euronext 
Paris, such application may not be accepted, any particular Tranche of Notes may not be admitted to trading or an 
active trading market may not develop.  
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list Notes on a stock exchange. Also, to the extent Notes of a particular issue 
are redeemed in part, the number of Notes of such issue outstanding will decrease, resulting in a diminished liquidity 
for the remaining Notes of such issue. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Notes may cause, in turn, an increase 
in the volatility associated with the price of such issue of Notes.  
Market value of the Notes  
The Programme allows for Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or, subject to the notification of a 
certificate of approval to any relevant competent authority as may be requested by the Issuer, on any other Regulated 
Market.  
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the rating of the Notes 
and a number of additional factors, including but not limited to, the volatility of market interest and yield rates and 
the time remaining to the maturity date. The value of the Notes depends on a number of additional factors, including 
economic, financial and political events in France, Europe or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets 
generally and the stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded, which may cause market volatility. Such volatility 
may adversely affect the price of Notes or economic and market conditions may have any other adverse effect. The 
price at which Noteholders will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be 
substantial and adverse, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser and result in losing all or 
part of their investment in the Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency" as defined in 
Condition 5(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes). The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes 
issued under the Programme in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions 
if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the 
risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes, and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.  
In addition, government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely and materially affect applicable exchange rates. As a result, investors may receive an amount of 
interest or principal that is less than expected, or no interest or principal. This may adversely and materially affect 
the Noteholders who could lose part of their investment in the Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into 
hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In such cases, the interest of any of those parties or 
their affiliates or the interest of other parties for whom they perform servicing functions may differ from, and compete 
with, the interest of the Issuer or the Noteholders. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a 
broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of 
the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to 
the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments, which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Potential conflicts may arise between the Noteholders and the calculation agent (including where a Dealer acts as 
calculation agent) or any agent appointed for a Tranche of Notes, including with respect to certain discretionary 
determinations and judgments that such agent may make pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes that may 
influence the amount receivable upon redemption of the Notes. In particular, whilst a calculation agent will, as the 
case may be, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other 
banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, 
liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
CONDITIONS ATTACHED TO THE CONSENT OF THE ISSUER TO USE THE 
PROSPECTUS 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus under Article 1(4) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") (a "Non-Exempt Offer") in 
France (a "Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction"). 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any and as defined below) beginning within twelve (12) 
months from the date of the approval of the Base Prospectus by the AMF.  
In the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, in relation to any person (an "Investor") to whom an offer of any Notes is 
made, the Issuer may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, consent to the use of the Base Prospectus together 
with any supplement with respect thereto that may be published from time to time and the relevant Final Terms 
(together, the "Prospectus") in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of any Notes during the offer period specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Offer Period") and in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction by:  
(1) 
any financial intermediary authorised to make such offers pursuant to Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, as 
designated and subject to conditions set out in such Final Terms; or 
(2) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable 
regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules 
relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and 
disclosure to any potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under section entitled 
"Subscription and Sale" in this Base Prospectus which would apply as if it were a Dealer; (c) considers the 
relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II 
product governance" legend set out in the relevant Final Terms and/or the "UK MiFIR product governance" 
legend set out in the relevant Final Terms; (d) ensures that any fee (and any commissions or benefits of any 
kind) received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Notes is fully and 
clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; (e) holds all licences, consents, approvals and 
permissions required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the 
Rules; (f) retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable 
Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant Dealer(s) and the Issuer or 
directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) in order 
to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and 
"know your client" rules applying to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (g) does not, directly or 
indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or 
make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further conditions 
specified in the relevant Final Terms  
(in each case an "Authorised Offeror"). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any 
obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall therefore 
have no liability in this respect. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction, for the content of the Prospectus in relation 
to any Investor in such Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction to whom an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised 
Offeror and where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given. However, neither the Issuer 
nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance by an 
Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements or other 
securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring in the periods beginning and ending on the 
dates specified for such purpose in the relevant Final Terms relating to such Non-Exempt Offers and provided that 
the relevant Final Terms have been duly published and specify that Non-Exempt Offers may be made to the public 
in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use the 
Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional Authorised Offerors after the date

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to such Authorised 
Offerors who are unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final Terms 
at www.sfil.fr.  
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the Offer Period, 
any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its website that it 
is using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-Exempt Offer with the consent of the Issuer and in accordance 
with the conditions attached thereto. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-Exempt 
Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Prospectus in connection with 
its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or Authorised 
Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for 
the actions of any person making such offers. 
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers 
and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms 
and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to price 
allocations and settlement arrangements (the "Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer"). The Issuer 
will not be a party to any such arrangements with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer 
or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such 
information. The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that 
Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other 
Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for such information.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the sections set out in the cross-reference tables 
below included in the following documents which have been previously or simultaneously filed with the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
- 
the Rapport financier 2022 in the French language of the Issuer filed with the AMF, which includes the 
audited consolidated and non consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2022 and the related statutory auditors' report (the "2022 Financial Report"; https://sfil.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/Sfil-Rapport-financier-annuel-2022.pdf);  
- 
the Rapport financier 2021 in the French language of the Issuer filed with the AMF, which includes the 
audited consolidated and non consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 
31 December 2021 and the related statutory auditors' report (the "2021 Financial Report"; https://sfil.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2022/03/SFIL_Rapport_financier_annuel-2021v.pdf);  
- 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in pages 79 to 113 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 
27 September 2016 which received visa no. 16-449 from the AMF (the "2016 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://sfil.fr/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/20160927-SFIL-Base-Prospectus.pdf), the terms and conditions of 
the Notes contained in pages 82 to 113 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 15 May 2018 which received 
visa 
no. 
18-175 
from 
the 
AMF 
(the 
"2018 
EMTN 
Conditions"; 
https://sfil.fr/wp-
content/uploads/2019/03/BP-EMTN-SFIL-2018-1.pdf), the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in 
pages 87 to 122 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 16 May 2019 which received visa no. 19-210 from 
the AMF (the "2019 EMTN Conditions"; https://sfil.fr/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/BASE-PROSPECTUS-
SFIL-16-05-2019-19-210.pdf), the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in pages 39 to 88 of the base 
prospectus of the Issuer dated 19 May 2020 which received approval number no. 20-203 from the AMF (the 
"2020 EMTN Conditions"; https://sfil.fr/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/BASE-PROSPECTUS-SFIL-19-05-
2020-20-203.pdf), the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in pages 43 to 91 of the base prospectus 
of the Issuer dated 21 May 2021 which received approval number no. 21-169 from the AMF (the "2021 
EMTN Conditions"; https://sfil.fr/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/SFIL-2021_BASE-PROSPECTUS.pdf) and 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in pages 42 to 93 of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 7 
June 2022 which received approval number n°22-198 from the AMF (the "2022 EMTN Conditions"; 
https://sfil.fr/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/SFIL-2022_Base-Prospectus.pdf, and together with the 2016 
EMTN Conditions, the 2018 EMTN Conditions, the 2019 EMTN Conditions, the 2020 EMTN Conditions 
and the 2021 EMTN Conditions, the "EMTN Conditions"). 
Such information shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained in the information which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to 
be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The free English translations of the 2022 Financial Report and the 2021 Financial Report are available without charge 
on the website of the Issuer (www.sfil.fr). 
All documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, without charge upon request, 
during usual business hours on any weekday, at the registered office of the Issuer (112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 
Paris, France) so long as any of the Notes are outstanding. Such documents will be published on the website of the 
Issuer (www.sfil.fr).  
The EMTN Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purposes only of further issues 
of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) and form a single Series with Notes already 
issued under the relevant EMTN Conditions. To the extent that only the EMTN Conditions are specified to be 
incorporated by reference therein, the non-incorporated parts of the base prospectuses of the Issuer dated 
27 September 2016, 15 May 2018, 16 May 2019, 19 May 2020, 21 May 2021 and 7 June 2022 are not relevant for 
investors or are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
For the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on 
the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"), the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall 
be read in connection with the following cross-reference tables below. For the avoidance of doubt, any information 
not listed in the cross-reference list below entitled "Cross-reference list in respect of the financial information of the 
Issuer" but included in the documents incorporated by reference is either contained in the relevant sections of this 
Base Prospectus or is not relevant to the Issuer.  
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the financial information of the Issuer 
 
DOCUMENTS 
INCORPORATED 
BY 
REFERENCE 
(ANNEX 
6 
OF 
THE 
COMMISSION 
DELEGATED 
REGULATION (EU) 2019/980 OF 14 MARCH 2019 
SUPPLEMENTING THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION, 
AS AMENDED) 
Pages of the 2021 
Financial Report 
Pages of the 2022 
Financial Report 
 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
 
 
11.1. Historical Financial Information 
 
 
11.1.1. Audited historical financial information covering the 
latest two financial years (or such shorter period as 
the issuer has been in operation) and the audit report 
in respect of each year 
 
Audited historical financial information for the latest two financial 
years 
Audit reports for the latest two financial years 
p.113 to p.167 
p.168 to p.172 
p.109 to p.167 
p.168 to p.172 
11.1.3. Accounting standards 
p.119 
p.115 
11.1.5. Audited financial information prepared according to 
national accounting standards 
 
 
− 
Balance sheet 
p.176 
p.176 
− 
Income statement 
p.178 
p.178 
− 
Statement of changes in consolidated equity 
p.179 
p.179 
− 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes 
p.180 to p.199 
p.180 to p.199 
11.1.6. Consolidated financial statements 
 
 
 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and consolidated financial 
statements, include at least the consolidated financial statements 
in the registration document 
p.113 to p.167 
p.109 to p.167

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
11.1.7. Age of financial information 
 
 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited financial 
information may not be older than 18 months from the date of the 
registration document. 
p.113 to p.167 
p.109 to p.167 
11.3. Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
 
11.3.1. The historical financial information must be 
independently audited 
IFRS 
Auditors' 
report 
p.168 to p.172  
French 
GAAP 
Auditors' report 
p.200 to p.203 
IFRS 
Auditors' 
report 
p.168 to p.172 
French 
GAAP 
Auditors' report 
p.200 to p.203 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of EMTN Conditions 
 
EMTN Conditions 
Information from previous base prospectuses incorporated by 
reference 
2016 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 79 to 113 
2018 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 82 to 113 
2019 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 87 to 122 
2020 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 39 to 88 
2021 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 43 to 91 
2022 EMTN Conditions 
Pages 42 to 93

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 12 June 2024, a significant 
new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes arises or is noted, the Issuer shall 
prepare and make available a supplement to this Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") as required by Article 23 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") or a restated Base Prospectus. 
Where the relevant Final Terms relate to an offer to the public of Notes, investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for Notes before any supplement is published shall have the right, exercisable within two (2) 
working days after the publication of this supplement pursuant to Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, to 
withdraw their acceptances provided that the new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to in Article 
23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the final closing of such offer or the delivery of the 
Notes, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised 
Offeror(s). The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. On 12 June 2024, this Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply.  
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and of the Issuer (www.sfil.fr) and (b) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during 
usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer (112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 Paris, 
France).

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. The text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed 
on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
The Notes will be issued by Sfil (the "Issuer"). An amended and restated agency agreement dated 12 June 2023 has 
been agreed between the Issuer and Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme, as fiscal agent, paying 
agent, redenomination agent, consolidation agent and, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
calculation agent (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Amended and Restated Agency 
Agreement") in relation to the Notes. The fiscal agent, the paying agent(s), the redenomination agent, the 
consolidation agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the 
"Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agent(s)" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Redenomination 
Agent", the "Consolidation Agent" and the "Calculation Agent(s)".  
A copy of the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement is available for inspection during normal business hours 
at the specified offices of the Fiscal Agent. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the Part A of 
the relevant Final Terms. References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the 
numbered paragraphs below and references in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to 
all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, "Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a 
member state (the "Member State(s)") of the European Economic Area ("EEA") as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended, 
appearing on the list of regulated markets published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website, 
and "day" or "days" means calendar days unless the context otherwise specifies. 
1. 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes will be issued in dematerialised form. 
Title to the Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et 
seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No 
physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the relevant final terms (the 
"Final Terms"), in either bearer form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of 
Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the 
option of the relevant Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) 
inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed 
in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent 
(designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
The Issuer may require the identification of the holders of the Notes in accordance with Article 
L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, unless such right is expressly excluded in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any intermediary institution 
entitled to hold, directly or indirectly, accounts on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, 
and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Inflation Linked Notes", 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Notes" and "Zero Coupon Notes", depending on the Interest Basis and the 
redemption method specified in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination: Notes shall be issued in one specified denomination only, as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the "Specified Denomination").

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds 
are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, must 
have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to the Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to the Notes 
in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or 
the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder 
of any Note (as defined below) shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, or an interest in it, and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iii) 
In these Conditions, "holder of Notes" or "holder of any Note", or "Noteholder" means 
the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer 
or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes, in 
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the applicable rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France. 
(d) 
Redenomination 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment 
Date, without the consent of the holder of any Note, by giving at least thirty (30) days' 
notice in accordance with Condition 13 and on or after the date on which the European 
Member State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a 
participating Member State in the single currency of the European Economic and 
Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended from time to time (the "Treaty")), or events have occurred which have 
substantially the same effects, redenominate all, but not some only, of the Notes of any 
Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified 
Denomination set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. The 
date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these 
Conditions as the "Redenomination Date". 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d) shall be made by converting 
the principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the 
fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the 
European Union pursuant to applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the 
Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the principal amount of each Note 
using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be rounded down to 
the nearest Euro. The Euro denomination of the Notes so determined shall be notified to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. Any balance remaining from the 
redenomination with a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash 
adjustment rounded to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). 
Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on the Redenomination Date in the manner 
notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the 
relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, with the prior approval of the Redenomination Agent and the 
Consolidation Agent, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition 
or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 12, without the consent of the holder of any 
Note, make any changes or additions to these Conditions or Condition 12 (including,

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day 
convention, principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency, interest 
accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of 
redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to 
the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes and shall be notified to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note or other 
person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the 
credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
(e) 
Method of Issue: The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes 
will be issued in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue date(s). The Notes of each Series 
will be fungible with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue 
date(s) and on terms identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series, save in respect of 
the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and aggregate nominal amount of the Tranche. 
The specific terms of each Tranche of Notes will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the Final Terms of such Tranche. The Notes 
of a Tranche of each Series will be fungible with all Notes of the other Tranches of that Series. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into Notes in registered form, whether in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the Noteholder, be converted 
into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any 
such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Noteholder. 
3. 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject to Condition 4) and senior preferred obligations 
within the meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and at least pari passu with all 
other direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations of the Issuer (save for statutorily 
preferred exceptions). 
For the avoidance of doubt, all unsubordinated debt securities issued by the Issuer prior to the entry into 
force of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier on 11 December 2016 constitute 
senior preferred obligations. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
charge, pledge, lien or other security interest (sûreté réelle) upon the whole or any part of its undertaking, 
revenues or assets, present or future, in order to secure any Relevant Indebtedness, without at the same time 
according to the Notes the same, or substantially the same, security interest.  
For the purposes of this Condition 4, "Relevant Indebtedness'' means any indebtedness for borrowed 
money of the Issuer which is in the form of or represented by any bond (obligation) or note or any other 
security which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities 
market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter market).  
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below. Certain defined terms contained in the June 2013 FBF 
Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) published by the Fédération Bancaire Française 
("FBF") (together the "FBF Master Agreement") and in the ISDA Definitions, as amended, 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), have either been 
used or reproduced in this Condition 5. 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (a 
copy of which may be obtained at the registered office of the Issuer during usual business hours), 
as published by ISDA, as may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, in their 
updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series.  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto, as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) (a copy of which may be obtained at the 
registered office of the Issuer during usual business hours), as published by ISDA, as may be 
amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, in their updated version applicable as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Benchmark" means the Reference Rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem, or any successor system ("T2") is open for the settlement of payments in 
euro (a "TARGET Business Day"); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
the principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more Business Centre(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each 
of the Business Centre(s) so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first (1st) day of such period to but excluding the 
last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365 – FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose 
denominator is 365. If part of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, Actual /365 – 
FBF shall mean the sum of (i) the fraction whose numerator is the actual number of days 
elapsed during the non-leap year and whose denominator is 365 and (ii) the fraction whose 
numerator is the number of actual days elapsed during the leap year and whose 
denominator is 366; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual – ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Accrual Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Accrual Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Accrual Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of:

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
(i) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; 
in each case where: 
"Accrual Period" means the relevant period for which interest is to be 
calculated; 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination 
Date in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means any date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, 
if none is so specified, any Interest Payment Date; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose 
numerator is the actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose 
denominator is 365 (or 366 if 29 February falls within the Calculation Period). If the 
Calculation Period is of a duration of more than one year, the basis shall be calculated as 
follows: 
• 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the 
Calculation Period; 
• 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated 
as set out in the first paragraph of this definition; 
(v) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(vi) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vii) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows:  
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
(viii) 
if "30/360-FBF" or "Actual 30A/360" (American Bond Basis) is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose 
denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360-
FBF, subject to the following exception: 
where the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st and the first day is neither the 30th 
nor the 31st, the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of 
thirty one (31) days.  
The fraction is: 
 
then: 
 
or 
 
Where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period; 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period. 
(ix) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(x) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(xi) 
if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation 
Period, the fraction whose denominator is 360 and whose numerator is the number of days 
elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising twelve (12) 
months of thirty (30) days, subject to the following exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the 
number of days elapsed during such month shall be the actual number of days 
Using the same abbreviations as for 30/360-FBF, the fraction is: 
 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have 
adopted or adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the June 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating 
to transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules 
(Additifs Techniques) as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française (together the FBF Master 
Agreement), as supplemented or amended from time to time, in their updated version applicable 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date.  
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable calculated in accordance with these 
Terms and Conditions, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms (a copy of which may be obtained at the 
registered office of the Issuer during usual business hours), as the case may be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day 
falling two (2) TARGET Business Days prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the 
Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in 
the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period 
if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
succeeding Interest Payment Date, or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a 
date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions.  
"Margin" means for an Interest Accrual Period, the percentage or figures with respect to the 
applicable Interest Accrual Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, it being specified that 
such margin can have a positive or a negative value or be equal to zero. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and calculated in accordance with the provisions of these 
Conditions. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note, the date on which payment in respect of it first 
became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of SONIA, the principal London office 
of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, 
in each case selected by the Calculation Agent with the approval of the Issuer or as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be 
either CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA or TEC10 (or any successor or 
replacement rate). 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other page, section, 
caption, column or other part as may replace it on that information service or on such other 
information service, in each case as may be nominated by the person or organisation providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable 
to that Reference Rate. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest, such interest being payable in arrear or in advance as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a Fixed Coupon Amount or a Broken Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount 
will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Inflation Linked Notes 
(i) 
General: The underlying of the Notes may be a FBF Rate, an ISDA Rate, a Reference 
Rate (being either CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA or TEC10) or 
an inflation index (being either CPI or the HICP), all as defined below. Information 
regarding each of these underlyings can be found:  
1. 
with respect to the FBF Rate in Condition 5(c)(iv)(A); 
2. 
with respect to the ISDA Rate in Condition 5(c)(iv)(B); 
3. 
in case of Screen Rate Determination, with respect to EURIBOR in Condition 
5(c)(iv)(C)(a), with respect to €STR in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(d), with respect to

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
SARON in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(e), with respect to SOFR in Condition 
5(c)(iv)(C)(f), with respect to SONIA in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(g), with respect 
to CMS Rate in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(h), with respect to TEC10 in Condition 
5(c)(iv)(C)(i)5(c)(iv)(C)(i), with respect to CPI in Condition 5(c)(v)(A) and with 
respect to HICP in Condition 5(c)(v)(B). 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note and Inflation Linked Notes bears 
interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear or in advance, as specified in the applicable Final Terms on each 
Interest Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant 
Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each 
date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms 
as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise 
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is 
(A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in 
which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is 
a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined according to the provisions 
below relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate 
equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "FBF 
Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable) is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual Period 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable), 
"Floating Rate Determination Date" (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) 
and "Transaction" (Transaction) have the meanings given to those terms in the 
FBF Definitions, provided that "Euribor" means the rate calculated for deposits 
in euro which appears on Reuters Page EURIBOR01, as more fully described in 
the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate" (Taux Variable) 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an 
Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which shall be 
determined as if the maturity for which rates are available were the period of 
time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity 
were the period of time of next longer length as compared to the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "2006 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and  
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual 
Period or such other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(a), "Floating Rate", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap 
Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph Floating Rate Option 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of 
an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
for which rates are available were the period of time of next shorter length 
as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the 
period of time of next longer length as compared to the length of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(b) 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For 
the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under 
which:

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first (1st) day of that Interest Accrual 
Period or such other date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(4) 
the relevant Fixing Day is the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions; 
(5) 
the Effective Date is, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Interest Commencement Date; 
(6) 
the Termination Date is, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the last date of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period; 
(7) 
the relevant Calculation Period is as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or, in the absence thereof, as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions for which purpose references to "Effective Date" and 
"Period End Date" (in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall be deemed 
to be to, respectively, the Issue Date and any last day of the last 
occurring Interest Accrual Period (as defined in these Conditions); 
and 
(8) 
if the Floating Rate Option specified in the Final Terms is an 
Overnight Floating Rate Option and Compounding is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
- 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (3) above, the relevant 
Reset Date is the last day of the last occurring Interest 
Accrual Period, unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms; 
- 
Delayed Payment will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms, and if so, the applicable number of days is 
either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or (y) if no number 
is specified as such in the Final Terms, five (5); 
- 
OIS Compounding will be applicable if specified as such in 
the Final Terms; 
- 
Compounding with Lookback will be applicable if 
specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, the 
"Lookback" is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or 
(y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Lookback" for the relevant 
Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) 
if no such number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, five (5); 
- 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift will be 
applicable if specified as such in the Final Terms, and if so, 
Set in Advance will be applicable if specified as such in the 
Final Terms, "Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Day" is as specified in the Final Terms, and the 
"Observation Period Shift" is either (x) as specified in the 
Final Terms, or (y) if no number is specified as such in the 
Final Terms, the number specified as the "Observation 
Period Shift" for the relevant Floating Rate Option in the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such number is 
specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, five (5); and 
- 
Compounding with Lockout will be applicable if specified 
as such in the Final Terms, and if so, "Lockout Period 
Business Day" is as specified in the Final Terms and the 
"Lockout" is either (x) as specified in the Final Terms, or 
(y) if no number is specified as such in the Final Terms, the 
number specified as the "Lockout" for the relevant Floating 
Rate Option if the 2021 ISDA Definitions, or (z) if no such 
number is specified for the relevant Floating Rate Option, 
five (5). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B)(b), except as otherwise 
defined in such sub-paragraph, "Calculation Agent", "Calculation 
Period", "Compounding with Lockout", "Compounding with 
Lookback", "Compounding with Observation Period Shift", 
"Delayed Payment", "Designated Maturity", "Effective Date", 
"Fixing Day", "Floating Rate Option", "Floating Rate", "Lockout 
Period Business Day", "Lockout", "Lookback", "Observation 
Period Shift", "Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day", 
"OIS Compounding", "Overnight Floating Rate Option", "Period 
End Date", "Reset Date", "Set in Advance", "Swap Transaction" and 
"Termination Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions. 
The provisions relating to "Linear Interpolation" set out in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall apply to an ISDA Rate where "2021 ISDA 
Definitions Linear Interpolation" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. For such purpose, references to "Relevant Rate" 
under the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be deemed to be references to 
the ISDA Rate. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) to 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (a indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. If five (5) or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose 
of determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(b) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph 
5(c)(iv)(C)(a)(1) applies and no such offered quotation appears on the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
Relevant Screen Page, or, if sub-paragraph 5(c)(iv)(C)(a)(2) applies 
and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal 
Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
if paragraph (b) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as 
communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank 
market or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered 
rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in, the Euro zone 
inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date relating to such Rate of Interest 
calculation (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period).  
(d) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is 
specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any) will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-
term rate as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"do" is for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means the Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the 
European Central Bank dated 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate 
(€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest 
rate representing the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing 
costs of banks located in the Eurozone provided by the European 
Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central 
Bank at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro 
short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the 
ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such 
revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately 
following such TARGET Business Day; 
"€STRi-p" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in 
the relevant €STR Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET 
Business Day falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the relevant 
TARGET Business Day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the 
relevant TARGET Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"ni" is, for any TARGET Business Day "i", the number of calendar days 
from, and including, the relevant TARGET Business Day "i" up to, but 
excluding, the immediately following TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
"p" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
TARGET Business Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item 
"€STR Observation Look-Back Period";  
"€STR Observation Period " means in respect of any Interest Accrual 
Period, the period from and including the date falling "p" TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include 
the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling "p" TARGET Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET 
Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); and 
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the 
European 
Central 
Bank 
currently 
at

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or any successor 
source officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as 
defined below) has occurred, the €STR for such TARGET Business 
Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last TARGET 
Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular 
TARGET Business Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and 
an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date (as defined below) have 
occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the 
relevant €STR Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references to 
€STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate (as defined 
below). 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end 
of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on which the 
€STR Index Cessation Event occurs, then the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified 
EDFR (as defined below). 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event (as defined below) 
and an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date (as 
defined below) subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET Business Day in the relevant €STR Observation Period 
occurring on or after that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were 
references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective 
for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this sub-paragraph (d) by the Calculation Agent, 
(i) the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date relating to such Rate of Interest calculation 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) 
or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for each 
TARGET Business Day in the €STR Observation Period on or after 
such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest 
published €STR or, if ECB Recommended Rate is published on a later 
date than the latest published €STR, the ECB Recommended Rate or, 
if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published ECB

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR (but applying the Margin and 
any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable 
to the first Interest Accrual Period). 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(d): 
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by the 
European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) 
and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose 
of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced 
by the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following events, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the ECB 
Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate, the central bank for the currency of the 
ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended 
Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or an 
entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, which states 
that the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, 
in respect of an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the 
first date on which the ECB Recommended Rate is no longer provided, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer; 
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the 
deposit facility, which banks may use to make overnight deposits with 
the Eurosystem (comprising the European Central Bank and the 
national central banks of those countries that have adopted the Euro) as 
published on the Website of the European Central Bank;

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
"EDFR Spread" means: 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end 
of the first TARGET Business Day following the date on which 
the €STR Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean 
of the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for 
each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurred; or 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, 
the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the ECB 
Recommended Rate and the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on 
which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event 
occurred; 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator 
of €STR) announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of €STR, the central 
bank for the currency of €STR, an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a 
court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator of €STR, which states that the 
administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR 
Index Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer 
provided by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator 
of €STR), as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer; and 
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the 
EDFR Spread. 
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified 
as being SARON, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the overnight interest rate of the 
secured funding market for Swiss franc as the reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
on the Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period; 
"d0" is the number of Zurich Banking Days in the relevant SARON 
Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the 
relevant Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, 
the first Zurich Banking Day in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period; 
"ni" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant SARON Observation 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and including, such 
day "i" up to, but excluding, the following Zurich Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"SARON" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, the Swiss 
Average Rate Overnight for such Zurich Banking Day published by the 
SARON Administrator on the SARON Screen Page (as defined below) 
at the SARON Relevant Time on such Zurich Banking Day;  
"SARONi" for any Zurich Banking Day "i" in the relevant SARON 
Observation Period, is equal to SARON in respect of that day "i";  
"SARON Observation Period" means the period from, and including, 
the date falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) to, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" Zurich Banking Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling "p" 
Zurich Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes 
become due and payable); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
Zurich Banking Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item 
"SARON Observation Look-Back Period"; 
"SARON Relevant Time" means, in respect of any Zurich Banking 
Day, close of trading on SIX Swiss Exchange on such Zurich Banking 
Day, which is expected to be on or around 6 p.m. (Zurich time); and 
"Zurich Banking Day" means a day on which banks are open in the 
City of Zurich for the settlement of payments and of foreign exchange 
transactions. 
If the SARON is not published on the Relevant Screen Page (the 
"SARON Screen Page") at the SARON Relevant Time on the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day and neither a SARON Index Cessation Event nor 
a SARON Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred on or prior to 
the SARON Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day, the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
SARON for such Zurich Banking Day shall be the rate equal to the 
SARON published by the SARON Administrator on the SARON 
Administrator Website for the last preceding Zurich Banking Day on 
which the SARON was published by the SARON Administrator on the 
SARON Administrator Website. 
If the SARON is not published on the SARON Screen Page at the 
SARON Relevant Time on the relevant Zurich Banking Day and both 
a SARON Index Cessation Event and a SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred on or prior to the SARON Relevant Time 
on the relevant Zurich Banking Day: 
(i) 
if there is a SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within 
one (1) Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date, then the rate of SARON for each Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant SARON Observation Period 
occurring on or after that SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to SARON were 
references to the SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, 
giving effect to the SARON Recommended Adjustment 
Spread, if any, published on such Zurich Banking Day; or 
(ii) 
if there is no SARON Recommended Replacement Rate within 
one (1) Zurich Banking Day of the SARON Index Cessation 
Effective Date, then the rate of SARON for each Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant SARON Observation Period 
occurring on or after that SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date will be determined as if references to SARON were 
references to the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank (the 
"SNB Policy Rate") for such Zurich Banking Day, giving 
effect to the SNB Adjustment Spread, if any.  
Any substitution of the SARON by the SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate or the SNB Policy Rate as specified above (the 
"SARON Replacement Rate") will remain effective for the remaining 
term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this sub-paragraph (e) by the Calculation Agent, 
(i) the Rate of Interest shall be the last SARON available on the 
SARON Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date relating 
to such Rate of Interest calculation (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin 
or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the Margin or Maximum 
Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as 
if the rate of SARON for each Zurich Banking Day in the SARON 
Observation Period on or after such SARON Index Cessation Effective 
Date were references to the latest published SARON (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(e): 
"SARON Administrator" means SIX Swiss Exchange or any 
successor administrator of the SARON; 
"SARON Administrator Website" means the website of the SARON 
Administrator; 
"SARON Index Cessation Effective Date" means the earliest of (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer): 
(1) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in paragraph (i) of the definition thereof, the 
date on which the SARON Administrator ceases to provide the 
SARON; 
(2) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in subparagraph (ii)(x) of the definition 
thereof, the latest of: (i) the date of such statement or 
publication or (ii) the date, if any, specified in such statement 
or publication as the date on which the SARON will no longer 
be representative; or 
(3) 
in the case of the occurrence of a SARON Index Cessation 
Event described in subparagraph (ii)(y) of the definition 
thereof, the date as of which the SARON may no longer be 
used;  
"SARON Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events (as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on 
behalf of the SARON Administrator, or by any competent 
authority, announcing or confirming that the SARON 
Administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the SARON 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide the SARON; or 
 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the 
SARON Administrator or any competent authority 
announcing that (x) the SARON is no longer representative 
or will as of a certain date no longer be representative, or (y) 
the SARON may no longer be used after a certain date, 
which statement, in the case of subclause (y), is applicable 
to (but not necessarily limited to) fixed income securities and 
derivatives.  
"SARON Recommended Adjustment Spread" means, with respect 
to any SARON Recommended Replacement Rate, the spread (which 
may be positive, negative or zero), or formula or methodology for 
calculating such a spread, 
(i) 
that the SARON Recommending Body has recommended be 
applied to such SARON Recommended Replacement Rate in 
the case of fixed income securities with respect to which such 
SARON Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the 
SARON as the reference rate for purposes of determining the 
applicable rate of interest thereon; or

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(ii) 
if the SARON Recommending Body has not recommended 
such a spread, formula or methodology as described in clause 
(i) above, to be applied to such SARON Recommended 
Replacement Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable under the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result 
of the replacement of the SARON with such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate for purposes of determining 
SARON, such spread will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner, and be consistent with industry-accepted practices for 
fixed income securities with respect to which such SARON 
Recommended Replacement Rate has replaced the SARON as 
the reference rate for purposes of determining the applicable 
rate of interest thereon; 
"SARON Recommended Replacement Rate" means the rate that has 
been recommended as the replacement for the SARON by any working 
group or committee in Switzerland organized in the same or a similar 
manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference 
Rates that was founded in 2013 for purposes of, among other things, 
considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland 
(any such working group or committee, the "SARON Recommending 
Body"); 
"SIX Swiss Exchange" means SIX Swiss Exchange AG and any 
successor thereto; and 
"SNB Adjustment Spread" means, with respect to the SNB Policy 
Rate, the spread to be applied to the SNB Policy Rate in order to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the SARON with the SNB 
Policy Rate for purposes of determining SARON, which spread will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner, taking into account the historical 
median between the SARON and the SNB Policy Rate during the two 
year period ending on the date on which the SARON Index Cessation 
Event occurred (or, if more than one SARON Index Cessation Event 
has occurred, the date on which the first of such events occurred). 
(f) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified 
as being SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any) will, subject as provided below, be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the SOFR Interest Determination Date as follows, 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards:  
(1)  
if SOFR Arithmetic Mean is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
arithmetic mean of the SOFR rates for each day during such 
Interest Accrual Period; or

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
(2)  
if SOFR Lockout Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND; or 
(3)  
if SOFR Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND; or 
(4)  
if SOFR Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND; or  
(5)  
if SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be USD-
SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE;  
where: 
"USD-SOFR-LOCKOUT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
following each SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date, as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"SOFRi" means for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" that is a SOFR Interest Reset Date, the SOFR in respect 
of this SOFR Interest Reset Date; 
"SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date" means the date that is the second 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the Interest

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Payment Date in respect of the relevant Interest Accrual Period 
or such other date specified in the Final Terms; 
"SOFR Interest Reset Date" means each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
provided, however, that the SOFR with respect to each SOFR 
Interest Reset Date in the period from and including, the SOFR 
Rate Cut-Off Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Interest 
Payment Date of an Interest Accrual Period, will be the SOFR 
with respect to the SOFR Interest Reset Date coinciding with 
the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date for such Interest Accrual Period; 
"USD-SOFR-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
following each SOFR Interest Determination Date, as follows:  
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"d0", for any Interest Accrual Period, means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"SOFR Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of 
each Interest Accrual Period, the date "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days as 
specified in the Final Terms under the item "SOFR Observation 
Look-Back Period"; 
"SOFRi-pUSGSBD" means, for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the 
SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to that day "i". 
"USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the SOFR as the reference

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
following each SOFR Interest Determination Date, as follows:  
 
where: 
"d" means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; 
"d0" for any SOFR Observation Period, means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; 
"SOFR Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of 
each Interest Accrual Period, the date "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period, means the number of 
calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); 
"SOFRi" means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i" in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, SOFR in 
respect of that day "i"; 
"SOFR Observation Period" in respect of each Interest 
Accrual Period, means the period from, and including, the date 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first date in such Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest 
Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) to, but excluding, the date "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable);  
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days as 
specified in the Final Terms under the item "SOFR Observation 
Look-Back Period". 
"USD-SOFR-INDEX-AVERAGE" means the rate of return of a 
compounded average interest investment (with the SOFR Index as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows:

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
where: 
"dc" means the number of calendar days from, and including, the 
day in relation to which the SOFR IndexStart is determined to, but 
excluding, the day in relation to which the SOFR IndexEnd is 
determined; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days as specified in the 
Final Terms under the item "SOFR Observation Look-Back 
Period". 
"SOFR Index" in relation to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day shall be the value published by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website on or about 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day. In the event that the 
value originally published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York on or about 8:00 a.m. (New York City time) on any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day is subsequently corrected 
and such corrected value is published by the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York on or about 2:30 p.m. (New York City time) 
on the original date of publication, then such corrected value, 
instead of the value that was originally published, shall be 
deemed the SOFR Index in relation to such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; 
"SOFR IndexStart" means the SOFR Index value on the day 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding 
the first date of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (or with 
respect to the first Interest Accrual Period, the Issue Date) (a 
"SOFR Index Determination Date"); 
"SOFR IndexEnd" means the SOFR Index value on the day 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Day preceding 
the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual 
Period (or with respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the 
Maturity Date, or, if applicable, the date on which the Notes 
become due and payable). 
Subject to the provisions of paragraph (3) of the definition of "SOFR" 
below, if the SOFR Index is not published on any relevant SOFR Index 
Determination Date and a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have not occurred, the "USD-SOFR-
INDEX-AVERAGE" shall be calculated on any Interest Determination 
Date with respect to an Interest Accrual Period, in accordance with 
"USD-SOFR-SHIFT-COMPOUND" and "p" shall mean two U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days. 
If the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent 
determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and 
for all determinations on all subsequent dates.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, 
the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes 
from time to time. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(f): 
"Alternate Agent" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial expert with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer; 
"Benchmark" means, initially, SOFR; provided that if a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the SOFR or the then-current Benchmark, then 
"Benchmark" means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order presented in clause (3) of the definition of "SOFR" that can be 
determined by the Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining 
such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is 
equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment; 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that has been selected by the Calculation Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or 
method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative 
or operational changes (including changes to the timing and frequency 
of determining rates and making payments of interest, rounding of 
amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) that the Calculation 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent decide may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in 
a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent decide 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Alternate Agent determine that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent determine is 
reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including 
the daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of 
"Benchmark Transition Event", the later of (a) the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein 
and (b) the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of paragraph (3) of the definition of "Benchmark 
Transition Event", the date of the public statement or publication 
of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the 
Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the 
Reference Time for such determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more 
of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
(including the daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf 
of the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) 
announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such 
component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark 
(or such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), 
a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with 
similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component), which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased 
or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing 
that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be 
determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor;

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the 2006 ISDA Definitions to be effective upon 
the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the 
Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark 
means (i) if the Benchmark is SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time and 
(ii) if the Benchmark is not SOFR, the time determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, as the case may be, the Alternate Agent after 
giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board 
and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially 
endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; 
"SOFR" means, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day: 
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on 
the SOFR Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York 
time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (1) above does not so appear, and unless 
both a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website;  
(3) 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred: 
(X) 
the sum of (a) the alternate rate that has been selected 
or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body 
as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for 
the applicable corresponding tenor and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(Y)  
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(Z)  
the sum of (a) the alternate rate of interest that has 
been selected by the Calculation Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Alternate Agent as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (b) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or 
any successor website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the 
website of any successor administrator of SOFR;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USGSBD" means any 
day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities; and 
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
Any substitution of the SOFR, as specified above, will remain effective 
for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published 
by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13. 
(g) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified 
as being SONIA, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any) will, subject as provided below, be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
(1) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be SONIA-
SHIFT-COMPOUND; or  
(2) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be SONIA-
LOOKBACK-COMPOUND; or 
(3) 
if SONIA Compounded Index is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be SONIA- 
COMPOUND;  
where: 
"SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily 
compounded interest investment (with the SONIA (as defined below) 
as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, as 
follows: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period; 
"do" for any SONIA Observation Period, is the number of 
London Banking Days in the relevant SONIA Observation 
Period;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing 
the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first London Banking Day in the relevant 
SONIA Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant SONIA 
Observation Period, means the number of calendar days from 
and including such London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding 
the following London Banking Day ("i+1");  
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number 
of London Banking Days as specified in the Final Terms under 
the item "SONIA Observation Look-Back Period"; 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference 
rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day;  
"SONIAi" means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" 
falling in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA 
for such London Banking Day "i"; and  
"SONIA Observation Period" means the period from and 
including the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first 
Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and include the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment 
Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or the date falling 
"p" London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a 
daily compounded interest investment (with the SONIA (as defined 
below) as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Days in 
chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in the Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period, means the number of calendar days from and 
including such London Banking Day "i" up to but excluding 
the following London Banking Day ("i+1"); 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the 
number of London Banking Days as specified in the Final 
Terms under the item "SONIA Observation Look-Back 
Period";  
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page 
or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in each case, on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD", means in respect of any London Banking Day 
"i" falling in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA 
in respect of the London Banking Day falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i";  
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the rate of return of a 
compounded average interest investment (with the SONIA (as defined 
below) as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date, 
as follows: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days from, and including, the day in 
relation to which the SONIA Compounded Indexx is determined to, but 
excluding, the day in relation to which the SONIA Compounded Indexy 
is determined; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of 
London Banking Days as specified in the Final Terms under the item 
"SONIA Observation Look-Back Period"; 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA 
to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen 
Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" in relation to any London Banking Day 
shall be the value provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time), and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors. In 
the event that the SONIA Compounded Index value originally 
published by the administrator of SONIA on or about 9:00 a.m. 
(London Time) on any London Banking Day is subsequently corrected 
and such corrected value is published by the administrator of SONIA 
on the original date of publication, then such corrected value, instead 
of the value that was originally published, shall be deemed the SONIA 
Compounded Index value; 
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" means the SONIA Compounded 
Index value on the day falling "p" London Banking Days preceding the 
first date of such Interest Accrual Period (or with respect to the first 
Interest Accrual Period, the Issue Date); 
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" means the SONIA Compounded 
Index value on the day falling "p" London Banking Days preceding the 
Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or with 
respect to the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date, or, if 
applicable, the date on which the Notes become due and payable). 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is unavailable on the Relevant Screen 
Page on any SONIA Compounded Index determination date, the 
"SONIA Compounded Index" shall be calculated on any Interest 
Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual Period in 
accordance with "SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND". 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not available on 
the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be: 
(x) (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing 
at close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) 
the mean of the spread of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which a SONIA has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or  
(y) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking 
Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined under 
paragraph (x) above. 
Notwithstanding the paragraphs above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA, the Calculation

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine SONIA for the purpose of the Notes for 
so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published by the 
authorised distributors. 
Any substitution of the SONIA, as specified above, will remain 
effective for the remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be 
published by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, the Rate of 
Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date relating to such Rate of Interest calculation (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place 
of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if 
there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate 
of Interest which would have been applicable to such Notes for the first 
Interest Accrual Period, had the Notes been in issue for a period equal 
in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Accrual Period).  
(h) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified 
as being CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any) will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) to Condition 
5(c)(iv)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:  
 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date: (i) the Calculation Agent shall 
request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; (ii) if 
at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest 
quotations and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the lowest quotations) and (iii) if on any Interest Determination Date 
less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with the then prevailing 
standard market practice.  
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(h):

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions 
in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, 
expressed as a percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is 
Euro, the principal office of five (5) leading swap dealers in the inter-
bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is Sterling, the 
principal London office of five (5) leading swap dealers in the London 
inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United States 
dollars, the principal New York City office of five (5) leading swap 
dealers in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of 
any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre 
office of five (5) leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent.  
"Reference Currency" means the currency specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Financial Centre" means, with respect to a Reference 
Currency, the financial centre specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
"Designated Maturity", "Margin", "Specified Time" and "Relevant 
Screen Page" shall have the meaning given to those terms in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
"Relevant Swap Rate" means:  
(1) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual 
swap rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of 
the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on 
a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest 
rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first (1st) day of the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with 
an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, 
where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an 
Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to 
the then prevailing standard market practice or the ISDA 
Definitions; 
(2) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency of if the 
Final Terms specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as 
determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
and the Reference Rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified 
as being TEC10, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any) will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) to Condition 
5(c)(iv)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation) below, be determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
"TEC10" means the offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the EUR-TEC10-CNO4, calculated by the Banque de 
France, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being the caption 
"TEC10" on the Reuters Screen BDFCNOTEC Page or any successor 
page, as at 10.00 a.m. Paris time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question.  
If, on any Interest Determination Date, TEC10 does not appear on 
Reuters Screen BDFCNOTEC Page or any successor page, (i) it shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the mid-market 
prices for each of the two reference OAT (Obligation Assimilable du 
Trésor) which would have been used by the Banque de France for the 
calculation of the relevant rate, quoted in each case by five (5) 
Spécialistes en Valeurs du Trésor at approximately 10:00 a.m. Paris 
time on the Interest Determination Date in question; (ii) the Calculation 
Agent will request each Spécialiste en Valeurs du Trésor to provide a 
quotation of its price; and (iii) TEC10 will be the redemption yield of 
the arithmetic mean of such prices as determined by the Calculation 
Agent after discarding the highest and lowest of such quotations. The 
above mentioned redemption yield shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula that would have been 
used by the Banque de France for the determination of the relevant rate. 
For information purposes only, the EUR-TEC10-CNO, established in 
April 1996, is the percentage yield (rounded to the nearest second 
decimal point, 0.005 per cent. being rounded upwards) of a notional 10 
year French Treasury Bond (Obligation Assimilable du Trésor, 
"OAT") corresponding to the linear interpolation between the yield to 
maturity of the two actual OATs (the "Reference OATs") whose periods 
to maturity are closest in duration to the notional 10 year OAT, one 
Reference OAT's duration being of less than 10 years and the other 
Reference OAT's duration being greater than 10 years.  
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Reference Rate" specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Benchmark, one of which shall be determined as if 
the maturity for which rates are available were the period of time of next shorter 
length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time of 
next longer length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period. 
(D) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark 
Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate (other than €STR, 
SARON, SOFR and SONIA) at any time, when the Terms and Conditions of any 
Notes provide for any remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) 
to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply and prevail over the other fallback provisions 
set out in Condition 5(c)(iv)(C). For the avoidance of doubt, the following 
provisions shall not apply and shall not prevail over the fallback provisions 
relating to €STR, SARON, SOFR and SONIA provided in Condition 
 
4  
All potential users of the EUR-TEC10-CNO must first enter into a trademark licence agreement available from the CNO.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
5(c)(iv)(C)(d), Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(e), Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)(f) and Condition 
5(c)(iv)(C)(g). 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iv)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iv)(D)(c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iv)(D)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(D) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(D). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that: 
(1) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall 
(subject 
to 
adjustment 
as 
provided 
in 
Condition 
5(c)(iv)(D)(d)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest 
(or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iv)(D)); or 
(2) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative 
Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(c)(iv)(D)(d)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the 
Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(D)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser, determines in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner(i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv)(D) and the 
Independent Adviser determines in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner (i) that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
the Notes (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions 
of Day Count Fraction, Business Days, or Relevant Screen Page) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
"Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5(c)(iv)(D)(e), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect 
from the date specified in such notice.  
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(D), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent 
Adviser, notify the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Representative (if any) and, in accordance with Condition 
13, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iv)(D). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(f) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to 
the determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following 
Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the fallback 
provisions relating to the Originial Reference Rate specified in 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(C) will continue to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at 
any time thereafter, to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 
5(c)(iv)(D), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any associated 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been 
determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iv)(D) 
(and, until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback 
provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and Conditions 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, the other fallbacks specified in 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(C), will continue to apply in accordance with their 
terms). 
(g) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iv)(D): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive 
or negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
either case, which the Independent Adviser determines and which is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(1) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or 
formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(2) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a 
Successor Rate where (1) above does not apply), is in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital 
market for transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); 
or 
(3) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made 
available), or the Independent Adviser determines there is no 
such spread, formula or methodology in customary market 
usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate 
which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iv)(D) and which is customary market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to an Original Reference 
Rate: 
(1) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(2) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, on 
or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been appointed that 
will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and 
(ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(2)(i); 
(3) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued;  
(4) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified 
in (4)(i);  
(5) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the 
Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six months;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(6) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, 
become unlawful for the Issuer, the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent), or any Paying Agent to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under 
the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended), if applicable); or 
(7) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration 
pursuant to article 35 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) of any benchmark 
administrator previously authorised to publish such Original 
Reference Rate has been adopted; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing 
with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense 
under Condition 5(c)(iv)(D)(a); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) originally specified for the purpose of determining the 
relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) thereof) on 
the Notes; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable): 
(1) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); 
or 
(2) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-
chaired by or constituted at the request of (i) the central bank 
for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of 
the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, and if, following a Benchmark Event, two or more 
successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall determine which of 
those successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard 
to, inter alia, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature 
of the Issuer. 
(v) 
Rate of Interest for Inflation Linked Notes:  
(A) 
Consumer Price Index (CPI) 
Where the consumer price index (excluding tobacco) for all households in 
France, as calculated and published by the Institut National de la Statistique et 
des Etudes Economiques (the "INSEE") ("CPI") is specified as the Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, this Condition 5(c)(v)(A) shall apply. Terms defined

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
herein shall have the meanings set out below only when this 
Condition 5(c)(v)(A) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the CPI (the 
"CPI Linked Interest") applicable from time to time for each Interest Accrual 
Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the fixed rate 
per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio (as defined below). 
The CPI Linked Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(1) 
On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
"Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate 
the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(v)(A), the "Inflation Index 
Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on any Interest Payment 
Date, as the case may be and (ii) the base reference defined as the CPI 
Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on the 
date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Base Reference"). 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the IIR will be rounded if 
necessary to six significant figures (with halves being rounded up). 
"CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (i) in relation to the 
first (1st) day of any given calendar month, the CPI Monthly Reference 
Index of the third (3rd) month preceding such month, and (ii) in relation 
to a day D (other than the first (1st) day) in any given calendar month 
("M"), the linear interpolation of the CPI Monthly Reference Index 
pertaining respectively to the third (3rd) calendar month preceding such 
month ("M – 3") and the second (2nd) calendar month preceding such 
month ("M – 2") calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index= 
 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-2": the level of the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index published in relation to month M – 2; 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index M-3": the level of the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index published in relation to month M – 3. 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the CPI Daily Inflation Reference 
Index will be rounded if necessary to six significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears 
on 
the 
Agence 
France 
Trésor 
Reuters 
page 
OATINFLATION01 or on Bloomberg FRCPXTOB Index <GO> pages 
and on the website www.aft.gouv.fr. In the case of doubt in the 
interpretation of the methods used to calculate the Inflation Index Ratio, 
such methods shall be interpreted by reference to the procedures

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
selected by the French Treasury (Trésor) for its obligations 
assimilables du Trésor indexées sur l'inflation. 
"CPI Monthly Reference Index" means the definitive consumer price 
index excluding tobacco for all households in France, as calculated and 
published monthly by the INSEE as such index may be adjusted or 
replaced from time to time as provided herein. 
(2) 
The calculation method described below is based on the 
recommendation issued by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire – www.cnofrance.org) in its July 2011 
Paper entitled "Inflation linked-bonds". In the case of any conflict 
between the calculation method provided below and the calculation 
method provided by the French Bond Association (Comité de 
Normalisation Obligataire), the calculation method provided by the 
French Bond Association (Comité de Normalisation Obligataire) shall 
prevail. 
(3) 
 
(i) 
If the CPI Monthly Reference Index is not published in a 
timely manner, a substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index (the 
"Substitute CPI Monthly Reference Index") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index (indice 
provisoire) has already been published, such index 
shall automatically be used as the Substitute CPI 
Monthly Reference Index. Such provisional CPI 
Monthly Reference Index would be published under 
the heading "indice de substitution". Once the 
definitive CPI Monthly Reference Index is released, 
it shall automatically apply from the day following 
its release to all calculations taking place from this 
date. 
(y) 
If no provisional CPI Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted 
as set out in the following formula: 
 
 
(ii) 
In the event INSEE decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the CPI Monthly 
Reference Index, the two CPI Monthly Reference Indexes 
which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained 
on the basis of the December CPI Monthly Reference Index of 
the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the 
CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the 
following year. Such chaining will be carried out in 
accordance with the following equation:

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Such that: 
 
(B) 
Harmonised Index of Consumer Prices (HICP) 
Where the harmonised index of consumer prices (excluding tobacco) measuring 
the rate of inflation in the European Monetary Union as calculated and published 
monthly by Eurostat (the "HICP") is specified as the Index in the relevant Final 
Terms, this Condition 5(c)(v)(B) shall apply. Terms defined herein shall have 
the meanings set out below only when this Condition 5(c)(v)(B) shall apply. 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Inflation Linked Notes indexed to the HICP 
(the "HICP Linked Interest") applicable from time to time for each Interest 
Accrual Period (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) will be equal to the 
fixed rate per annum specified in the relevant Final Terms multiplied by the 
Inflation Index Ratio (as defined below). 
The HICP Linked Interest will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
(1) 
On the fifth (5th) Business Day before each Interest Payment Date (an 
"Interest Determination Date") the Calculation Agent will calculate 
the Inflation Index Ratio. 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(v)(B), the "Inflation Index 
Ratio" or "IIR" is the ratio between (i) the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined below) applicable on any Interest Payment 
Date or the redemption date, as the case may be and (ii) the base 
reference defined as the HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index (as 
defined below) applicable on the date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (the "Base Reference"). Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), 
the IIR will be rounded if necessary to six significant figures (with 
halves being rounded up). 
"HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index" means (i) in relation to the 
first (1st) day of any given calendar month, the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index of the third (3rd) calendar month preceding such 
month, and (ii) in relation to a day D (other than the first (1st) day) in 
any given month ("M"), the linear interpolation of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index pertaining respectively to the third (3rd) calendar 
month preceding such month ("M – 3") and the second (2nd) calendar 
month preceding such month ("M – 2") calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
 
With: 
"NDM": number of days in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 31; 
"D": actual day of payment in the relevant month M and, in the case of 
payment of principal or interest, shall be equal to 25; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-2": the level of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index published in relation to month M – 2; 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index M-3": the level of the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index published in relation to month M – 3.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Notwithstanding Condition 5(g)(iii), the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index will be rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
(with halves being rounded up). 
For information purposes, such HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index 
appears on the Agence France Trésor Reuters page OATEI01, on the 
website www.aft.gouv.fr. and on Bloomberg page CPTFEMU Index 
<GO>. 
"HICP Monthly Reference Index" means to the harmonised index of 
consumer prices excluding tobacco measuring the rate of inflation in 
the European Monetary Union excluding tobacco as calculated and 
published by Eurostat as such index may be adjusted or replaced from 
time to time as provided herein. The first publication or announcement 
of a level of such index for a given month shall be final and conclusive 
and later revisions to the level for such month will not be used in any 
calculations. 
(2) 
 
(i) 
If the HICP Monthly Reference Index is not published in a 
timely manner, a substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index 
(the "Substitute HICP Monthly Reference Index") shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
(x) 
If a provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index has 
already been published by Eurostat, such index shall 
automatically be used as the Substitute HICP 
Monthly Reference Index. Once the definitive HICP 
Monthly Reference Index is released, it shall 
automatically apply from the day following its 
release to all calculations taking place from this date. 
(y) 
If no provisional HICP Monthly Reference Index is 
available, a substitute index shall be calculated on the 
basis of the most recently published figure adjusted 
as set out in the following formula: 
 
  
(ii) 
In the event Eurostat decides to proceed with one or more base 
changes for the purpose of calculating the HICP Monthly 
Reference Index, the two HICP Monthly Reference Indexes 
which have been calculated on a different basis will be chained 
on the basis of the December HICP Monthly Reference Index 
of the last year of joint publications, which corresponds to the 
HICP Daily Inflation Reference Index for 1st March of the 
following year. Such chaining will be carried out in 
accordance with the following equation: 
 
Such that:

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon and 
is repayable prior to the Maturity Date is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to 
the Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, 
the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed 
as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(f)(i)). 
(e) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer 
may elect, upon giving not less than fifteen (15) Business Days prior notice in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a fixed rate (as 
determined pursuant to Condition 5(b)) (a "Fixed Rate") to a floating rate (as determined pursuant 
to Condition 5(c)) (a "Floating Rate"), or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate (the "Optional 
Change of Interest Date") or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating 
Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic 
Change of Interest Date"). 
(f) 
Accrual of interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption 
unless on such due date, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall 
continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided 
in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest Amounts and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in 
relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates 
of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject 
always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then any Rate of Interest shall be subject to such maximum or minimum as the case may 
be, provided that in no event, will the relevant Interest Amount be less than zero. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless 
otherwise specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, 
if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves 
being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded 
to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of 
yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means 
the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of 
such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be 
calculated by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount 
of such Note by the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such 
period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall 
equal such Interest Amount. Where any Interest Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the 
amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts: The Calculation 
Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, 
determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination 
of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest 
Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Agent(s), the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to 
make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, such 
Regulated Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other 
cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each 
quotation and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall at all times one 
or more Calculation Agent(s) if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so 
long as any Note is outstanding (as defined below). Where more than one Calculation Agent is 
appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be 
construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the 
Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to 
establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any 
Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a 
leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, 
money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the 
calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris 
office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as 
aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall 
be given in accordance with Condition 13. 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which 
the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on 
such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been 
duly paid (i) in the case of Notes in bearer form and in administered registered form, to the relevant 
Account Holders on behalf of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of 
Notes in fully registered form, to the account of the Noteholder as provided in Condition 7(a), (c) 
those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those 
which have been purchased and that are held or have been cancelled as provided in these 
Conditions. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below, each 
Note shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its 
Final Redemption Amount which is (i) its nominal amount (except in case of Zero Coupon Notes) 
or (ii) an amount determined in accordance with Condition 6(e), if specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(i) 
Early Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Withholding Tax Event: 
If in respect of the Notes the Issuer would, as a result of any change in, or in the official 
interpretation or administration of, any laws or regulations of France or any other 
authority thereof or therein be required to pay additional amounts as provided in 
Condition 8 (a "Withholding Tax Event"), the Issuer may at its option at any time (in 
the case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment Date (in the

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
case of Floating Rate Notes), on giving not more than forty-five (45) nor less than fifteen 
(15) days' notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13) which notice shall 
be irrevocable, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption 
Amount (as defined below) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall 
be no earlier than the latest practicable date upon which the Issuer could make payment 
without withholding or deduction for such taxes. 
(ii) 
Early Redemption of Notes upon the occurrence of a Gross-Up Event: 
If the Issuer would, on the next due date for payment of any amount in respect of the 
Notes, be prevented by French law from making such payment notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 (a "Gross-Up Event"), 
then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and shall, at 
any time (in the case of Notes other than Floating Rate Notes) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes then 
outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount (as defined below) together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption, upon giving not less than seven (7) nor more 
than forty-five (45) days' prior notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 
13), provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given 
shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment 
of the full amount of interest payable in respect of the Notes or, if such date is already 
past, as soon as practicable thereafter.  
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with all laws, regulations and directives applicable to the Issuer and the Notes and on 
giving not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30) days' irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 13 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), redeem all, or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date, 
as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount 
being (except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) the nominal amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to 
Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal 
amount of all such Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed). 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Issuer shall, once in each year 
in which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance with 
Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés financiers and on 
the website of any other competent authority of the EEA Member State and/or Regulated Market 
where the Notes are admitted to trading, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the 
Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) days' 
notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount being 
(except with respect to Zero Coupon Notes) the nominal amount together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the Noteholder must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office 
during usual business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the 
form obtainable during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
the case may be, within the notice period. The Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, 
the Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Fiscal Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No 
option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Redemption of Inflation Linked Notes: If Condition 6(e) is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
Final Redemption Amount = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
If the Final Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the Notes will be 
redeemed at par. 
For the purpose of this Condition 6(e) only, "IIR" means the ratio determined on the fifth (5th) 
Business Day before the Maturity Date between (i) if the CPI is specified as the Index applicable 
in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(v)(A)) 
on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
(ii) if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(v)(B)) on the Maturity Date and the Base Reference 
on the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, as the case 
may be, payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption of such 
Note pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(c), 6(d), 6(i) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the amortised nominal 
amount of any such Note (the "Amortised Nominal Amount") shall be the 
scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
Amortisation Yield (which, if none is specified in the relevant Final Terms, shall 
be such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue 
price of the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue 
Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount payable 
in respect of any such Note upon its redemption pursuant to Condition 6(b), 6(c), 
6(d), 6(i) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 is not 
paid when due, the Optional Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of such Notes as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such 
sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised 
Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be 
made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(f). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
(A) 
If the relevant Final Terms provides that Condition 6(f)(ii) shall apply in respect 
of Inflation Linked Notes, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of such

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Notes, as the case may be, will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis: 
"Early Redemption Amount" = IIR x nominal amount of the Notes 
For the purpose of this Condition only, "IIR" means the ratio determined on the 
fifth Business Day before the date set for redemption between (i) if the CPI is 
specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the CPI Daily Inflation 
Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(v)(A)) on the date set for 
redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms or (ii) 
if the HICP is specified as the Index applicable in the Final Terms, the HICP 
Daily Inflation Reference Index (as defined in Condition 5(c)(v)(B)) on the date 
set for redemption and the Base Reference specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Early Redemption Amount calculated as set out above is below par, the 
Notes will be redeemed at par. 
(B) 
If the Inflation Linked Notes (whether or not Condition 6(f)(ii) applies) fall to 
be redeemed for whatever reason before the Maturity Date, the Issuer will pay 
the Early Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption. Such accrued interest will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the period from, and including the immediately preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date to, but 
excluding, the date set for redemption of such Notes at a rate per annum on the 
basis of the provisions of Condition 5(c)(v) above except that, for such purposes 
the relevant Interest Determination Date shall be the fifth Business Day prior to 
the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
(iii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes 
described in (i) and (ii) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(b), 
6(i) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the nominal 
amount of such Note.  
(g) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise at any price, subject to the applicable laws and/or regulations. All Notes so purchased 
by the Issuer may either (i) be held and resold in accordance with applicable laws and regulations 
or (ii) be cancelled in accordance with Condition 6(h) below. 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Notes purchased and cancelled at the option of the Issuer shall be cancelled by 
transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, if so 
transferred or surrendered, shall be cancelled together with all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Notes. Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred 
or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of 
such law, becoming effective after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one or more of its 
obligations under such Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) 
nor less than thirty (30) days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in 
accordance with Condition 13, redeem all, but not some only, of such Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7. 
Payments  
(a) 
Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall (in the case of Notes in 
bearer form or administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account denominated in 
the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the Noteholders and, (in 
the case of Notes in fully registered form), to an account denominated in the relevant currency with 
a Bank (as defined below) designated by the Noteholders. All payments validly made to such 
Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
"Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in 
a city in which banks have access to the T2. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal and other Laws: All payments are subject in all cases but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payment and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s), the Calculation Agent, the 
Redenomination Agent and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their 
respective specified offices are listed below. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent(s), the 
Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents 
of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, 
do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the 
right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, 
the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent or the Calculation 
Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, provided that the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, 
(iii) a Redenomination Agent and a Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) 
Paying Agent having specified offices in at least two European cities, so long as the rules of, or 
applicable to, the relevant Regulated Market so require), (v) in the case of Notes in fully registered 
form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by any other Regulated 
Market on which the Notes may be admitted to trading. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to 
consolidating such Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 12, 
the Issuer shall ensure that the same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and 
Consolidation Agent in respect of both such Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so 
consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(d) 
Non-Business Days: Unless otherwise specified in these Conditions, if any date for payment in 
respect of any Note is not a business day, the Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next following business day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) on which 
Euroclear France is open for business and (B) (i) (in the case of a payment in a currency other than 
Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant 
currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in Euro), 
which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Withholding Taxes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect 
of any Note be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by 
law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note to, or to a third party on 
behalf of a Noteholder, who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
respect of such Note by reason of his having some connection with France other than the mere 
holding of the Note. 
References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all 
Interest Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or 
supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional 
amounts that may be payable under this Condition. 
9. 
Events of Default  
The Representative (as defined under Condition 11), upon request of any Noteholder, may upon giving 
written notice to the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent cause the Notes held by such Noteholder to become, 
immediately due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to the date of repayment, in any of the following events ("Events of Default"): 
(i) 
the Issuer fails to pay any amount payable in respect of the Notes when due and payable and such 
default is not remedied within thirty (30) Business Days (as defined in Condition 5(a)) after the 
relevant due date; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and such default 
is not remedied within ninety (90) Business Days (as defined in Condition 5(a)) after receipt by 
the Fiscal Agent of written notice (and by the Issuer of a copy) of default given by the 
Representative upon request of the Noteholder; or 
(iii) 
any indebtedness of the Issuer in excess of €100,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
shall become due and is not paid on the date which is the later of (i) its stated maturity, and (ii) the 
expiry of applicable grace periods, unless in each case, the Issuer is contesting in good faith in a 
court of competent jurisdiction that such indebtedness is due or where such default is due to a 
technical or settlement failure beyond the control of the Issuer, provided that such default is 
remedied in seven (7) Business Days; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer is dissolved or merged into a company prior to the repayment in full of the Notes, unless 
in such event the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to the Notes are expressly assumed by such 
company. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within five (5) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11. 
Representation of Noteholders 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 11(ix) below with respect to Notes issued with a denomination of 
less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), the Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches 
of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (the 
"Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de 
commerce as amended or supplemented by this Condition 11: 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions").  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, 
actions and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights 
that Noteholders may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(ii) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of 
Notes will be the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties 
as set out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any 
subsequent Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another 
Representative may be appointed.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power 
to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the 
Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against 
the Representative. 
(iv) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or by 
consent following a written consultation (the "Written Decision").  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of 
the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the 
name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding 
the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(viii). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon 
request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(A) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the 
Representative. One or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of 
the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the 
Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General Meeting has 
not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) 
who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of 
the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the 
Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with Condition 11(viii) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the 
date of the General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days 
prior to the date of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or 
by correspondence.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy 
of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will 
be presented at the General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the 
relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified 
in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding 
the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar 
day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(B) 
Written Decisions  
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be 
taken by a Written Decision.  
Such Written Decision shall be signed by or on behalf of Noteholders holding not less 
than 90 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, without having to comply 
with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 11(iv)(A). Any Written Decision 
shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting 
of such Noteholders. Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, 
approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way of electronic consent allowing 
the identification of Noteholders. 
(C) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Articles L.228-65 I. 1°, 3°, 4°, L.236-14 and L.236-23 of the French 
Code de commerce and the related provisions of the French Code de commerce shall not 
apply to the Notes, it being however specified for the avoidance of doubt that, the 
Noteholders benefit from the same protection rights as non bondholder creditors 
(créanciers non obligataires). 
(v) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by the Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses 
may be imputed against interest payable under the Notes. 
(vi) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have 
been assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 12, 
shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse.  
(vii) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all the 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de 
commerce.  
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as 
the Notes of such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, 
rights and obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and 
shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(viii) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
(ix) 
Full Masse 
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency), Condition 11 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following modifications:

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
(A) 
Condition 11(iv)(C) shall not apply to the Notes; and  
(B) 
except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 11(v) 
shall be deleted and replaced by the provisions of Article L. 228-71 of the French Code de 
commerce. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11, the term "outstanding" shall not include those Note 
purchased by the Issuer that are held by it and not cancelled in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations as referred to in Condition 6(g). 
12. 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders create 
and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes 
provided such Notes and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects 
save for the principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest in the relevant Final Terms) 
and that the terms of such further notes provide for such assimilation and references in these 
Conditions to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the prior 
approval (which shall not be unreasonably withheld) of the Redenomination and Consolidation 
Agent, from time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination 
Date on giving not less than thirty (30) days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13, without the consent of the Noteholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series with the 
Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the 
European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in 
Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods 
subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
13. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they 
are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, 
or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (a) so long as such Notes are admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Échos) or, (b) in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe or 
(c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the Règlement Général of 
the Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any 
Regulated Market, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading, if the rules applicable to such 
Regulated Market so require. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid if published (a) so long as 
such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in France (which is expected to be Les Échos) or, (b) in a daily leading newspaper of 
general circulation in Europe or (c) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-
4 of the Règlement Général of the Autorité des marchés financiers and so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so 
require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading, if the rules applicable to such Regulated 
Market so require. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) 
pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time 
being cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 13(a), (b) 
and (c) above; except that (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any stock exchange(s)

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
and the rules applicable to that stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a daily 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the stock exchange(s) on which such Notes 
are admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices relating to Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-
79 and R.236-14 of the French Code de commerce shall be (a) given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which 
the Notes are for the time being cleared and, if such publication is not practicable in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif), by mail to the Noteholders at their 
respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given notice on the fourth 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing and (b) published on 
the website of the Issuer (www.sfil.fr). For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 13(a), (b), (c) and 
(d) shall not apply to such notices. 
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes shall be brought 
exclusively before any competent court within the jurisdiction of the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes or an amount equivalent to the net proceeds in the case of Green Notes, 
Social Notes or Sustainability Notes (as defined below), will be (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) applied 
by the Issuer either: 
• 
to be used for the Issuer's general corporate purposes; or  
• 
in the case of green notes (the "Green Notes"), to be made available to its subsidiary Caisse Française de 
Financement Local ("CAFFIL") to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans held 
on the balance sheet of CAFFIL as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework; or 
• 
in the case of social notes (the "Social Notes"), to be made available to its subsidiary CAFFIL to finance 
and/or refinance, in whole or in part, either Eligible Health Loan Portfolio held on the balance sheet of 
CAFFIL as defined in the Sfil Group Social Note Framework or Eligible Social Loans held on the balance 
sheet of CAFFIL as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; or 
• 
in the case of sustainability notes (the "Sustainability Notes"), to be made available to its subsidiary CAFFIL 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Loans and Eligible Social Loans held on the 
balance sheet of CAFFIL as defined in the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; or 
• 
as stated in the relevant Final Terms in respect of any particular issue of Notes for which there is a particular 
identified use of proceeds (other than as specified above). 
The Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and the Sfil Group Social Note Framework are 
available on the Issuer's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/). 
In relation to Green Notes, Social Notes or Sustainability Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to the principles 
and guidelines published by the International Capital Market Association (the "ICMA"): 
• 
the Sfil Group Social Note Framework is based on the Social Bond Principles (the "SBP"), published by the 
ICMA;  
• 
the Issuer has requested a second party opinion (the "Social Second Party Opinion") on the Sfil Group Social 
Note Framework assessing its alignment with the SBP. This Social Second Party Opinion is available on the 
Issuer's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/); 
• 
the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is based on the Green Bond Principles, the 
SBP and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (the "SBG"), published by the ICMA; and  
• 
the Issuer has requested a second party opinion (the "Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party 
Opinion") on the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework assessing its alignment with 
the Green Bond Principles, the SBP and the SBG. This Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion 
is available on the Issuer's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-
investors/).  
An allocation reporting will be made available on the Issuer's website (https://sfil.fr/investisseurs-du-groupe-sfil/ or 
https://sfil.fr/en/sfil-group-investors/) within one year from the date of the issue of the relevant Green Notes, Social 
Notes or Sustainability Notes, as the case may be, and annually thereafter until the net proceeds have been fully 
allocated. 
An independent third party will verify the allocation of the net proceeds of the Green Notes, the Social Notes or the 
Sustainability Notes. 
The Sfil Group Social Note Framework, the Sfil Group Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Social 
Second Party Opinion and the Green, Social and Sustainability Second Party Opinion are not incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER  
1. 
HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE ISSUER 
Sfil is a credit institution under the form of a French limited liability company (société anonyme) created in 2013, 
administered by a Board of Directors (conseil d'administration) and governed by French law. On 2 June 2023, the 
Issuer changed its registered office, which is now located at 112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 Paris, France 
(Telephone: +33 1 73 28 90 90).  
The Issuer is (i) registered under number 428 782 585 with the Registre du commerce et des sociétés of Nanterre and 
(ii) expected to be registered under the same number with the Registre du commerce et des sociétés of Paris as from 
12 June 2023. 
The duration of Sfil is determined in its articles of association (statuts) and is 99 years from the creation of Sfil. 
The Issuer was licensed as a bank by the French Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (the "ACPR") on 
16 January 2013. 
It is currently governed by the French Code de commerce, by the laws and regulations applicable to credit institutions 
currently in force, the provisions of the French Code monétaire et financier and its articles of association (statuts).  
The corporate objects of the Issuer as set out under Article 3 of its articles of association (statuts) are essentially to 
perform on a regular basis: 
(a) 
any banking transaction within the meaning of Article L.311-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier; 
(b) 
any transaction relating to those transactions referred to (a) above, including the investment, subscription, 
purchase management, custody and sale of financial securities or any financial products; 
(c) 
any transaction involving the receipt of funds from its shareholders and from the société de crédit foncier 
controlled by the company;  
(d) 
pursuant to Article L.513-15 of the French Code monétaire et financier, any services relating to the 
management and recovery of exposures, debt securities and other securities, bonds, or other resources 
provided for by Article L.513-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier of a duly authorised société de 
crédit foncier controlled by the company; and 
(e) 
the provision of services on behalf of third parties with a view to carrying out banking operations; 
each in connection with credit transactions for the local public sector in France and more generally with any 
transaction that may benefit from a public guarantee. 
The Issuer was created on 1st February 2013, as one of the key elements of a system that finds its source in the French 
State's determination to provide French local authorities and public healthcare facilities with continuous and efficient 
access to long-term bank financing, in addition to the offers proposed by commercial banks and French or European 
public institutions operating in this segment. This system, which was launched within the framework of the approval 
of the European Commission on 28 December 2012 (such approval was initially granted for fifteen (15) years and is 
renewable), makes it possible to refinance La Banque Postale's loans to French local authorities and to accompany 
these players actively in their efforts to reduce their outstanding sensitive loans. 
In 2015, the French State entrusted Sfil with a second public policy mission: to refinance buyer credits insured by 
the French public export credit agency ("Bpifrance Assurance Export") under the French State's control, on its 
behalf and in its name and thereby to help enhance the competitiveness of the large export contracts negotiated by 
Companies exporting from France. 
The objective is to supply market financing with the volumes and maturities adapted to export credits of significant 
amounts and under conditions that match those of the best French issuers of covered bond, relying on the capacities 
of Sfil and its subsidiary Caisse Française de Financement Local ("CAFFIL"). On 7 May 2020, the European 
Commission renewed Sfil-CAFFIL's authorization for the financing of export credits, reaffirming the market failure 
and the relevance of the intervention of a development bank such as Sfil. The initial authorization dated 5 May 2015 
was valid for five years. It was renewed for a period of seven years. 
A project is also underway concerning the extension to the scope of strategic projects. The aim is to allow the Sfil 
Group to refinance credits benefiting from the Strategic Projects Guarantee. This plan to extend the Sfil Group's

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
activity will enable France to offer a financing system in line with the best practices observed in other major exporting 
countries, particularly in Asia. 
Furthermore, in the frame of the climate transition and sustainable development goals, Sfil is considering the 
possibility to increase its action abroad with a support to sustainable projects for French industry, by expanding its 
intervention to loans covered by other European export credit agencies, or sovereign guarantees or covered by 
multilaterals agencies. 
To ensure the financing of its missions, the main sources of financing of Sfil Group are described below:
 
• 
Issues of covered bonds via CAFFIL  
In 2022, CAFFIL raised a total of EUR 4.9 billion through the issuance of debt benefiting from the legal 
privilege via its obligations foncières. CAFFIL solicited the public primary market five times for a total 
amount of EUR 4.5 billion by enriching its benchmark curve on maturities of five years (EUR 500 million), 
six years twice (EUR 2 billion), ten years (EUR 750 billion), twelve years (EUR 750 million) and twenty 
years (EUR 500 million). 2022 was marked by the implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019, which came into force on 8 July 2022. On 6 
September 2022, CAFFIL received authorisation by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution to 
use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label for its issues of obligations foncières. 
In addition to these public transactions, CAFFIL strengthened its presence in the private placement segment 
in the EMTN and RCB formats, thus making it possible to meet the specific requests of investors by raising 
EUR 430 million compared to EUR 50 million in 2021. Outstanding obligations foncières stood at EUR 52.9 
billion as of 31 December 2022. 
• 
Sfil bond issues  
In 2022, Sfil maintained its presence in the French agency market segment by issuing two new 10-year euro 
issues. Sfil did not carry out any issue in dollars in 2022 which was marked by significant volatility in market 
parameters. Sfil thus solicited the public primary market twice for a total amount of EUR 1.5 billion with two 
10-year euro issues (EUR 1 billion and EUR 500 million) in April and September 2022. These two

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
transactions strengthened Sfil's reputation in the French agency category and extended its benchmark curve 
in euros. Sfil's total bond outstanding came to EUR 8.5 billion as of 31 December 2022. 
• 
Thematic issues 
In 2022, Sfil Group raised a total of EUR 6.4 billion, notably with the implementation of the objectives set as 
part of the #Objectif2026 strategic plan in terms of sustainability. Thus, the Sfil Group strengthened the 
deployment of its social and environmental policy with the successful launches of: 
- 
CAFFIL's fourth social issue for an amount of EUR 500 million in May 2022, which aims to provide 
financing to French public hospitals; and 
- 
the fourth green issue for EUR 750 million launched by CAFFIL in November 2022. This issue aims 
to finance investments by the French local public sector in areas such as soft mobility, waste 
management and recovery, and renewable energies. 
Sustainable financing thus represents 19% of the financing raised in 2022 by Sfil Group and is in line with 
the strategic objective of reaching 25% by 2024. A new framework for green, social and sustainability bonds 
for Sfil Group was finalized at the end of October 2022; it aims to expand the sustainable refinancing 
capacities of Sfil Group to enable Sfil to refinance: 
- 
social loans to French local authorities; and 
- 
green or social export credits guaranteed by the French Republic. 
For 2023, Sfil Group plans long-term issuances on the markets of between EUR 7 billion and EUR 9 billion 
via Sfil and CAFFIL programmes. The renewed success of its thematic issues confirms Sfil Group's strategy 
to increase the use of these formats in its future issues under such programmes. 
• 
Sfil's short-term debt issues 
During 2022, Sfil continued to use its debt securities issuance programme of less than one year (NeuCP 
issuance programme), which gives it additional flexibility in the management of its debt treasury. As of 31 
December 2022, Sfil's total discounted bonds outstanding amounted to EUR 0.8 billion. 
The Covid-19 pandemic and the war in Ukraine 
As at 31 December 2022, the impacts associated with the Covid-19 health crisis on Sfil Group's financial 
statements prepared in accordance with IFRS standards remained very limited. The only impacts of the health 
crisis on Sfil's financial statements are confined to its export credit refinancing activity in the cruise industry. 
As a reminder, Sfil has been involved in all French export credit financing transactions concluded since 2016. 
Within this context, Sfil had entered into the approach developed jointly by the European export credit 
guarantee agencies to provide liquidity support for export credits for cruise companies which were particularly 
affected by the pandemic. This liquidity support consisted of deferring the repayment of the principal amount 
of the credits. 
At the same time, as a reminder, Sfil had decided in 2020 to put all exposures concerning the cruise sector on 
the watchlist. This resulted in the recognition of a collective provision for this business segment of 
EUR 15 million in 2020. This approach was maintained throughout 2021 and the provision associated with 
the cruise sector was EUR 16 million as at 31 December 2021. In 2022, given the continuation of the 
Covid-19 health crisis, Sfil decided to increase these collective provisions for some of its customers by 
EUR 6 million. Thus, the provisions associated with the cruise sector recorded on the watchlist was 
EUR 22 million as at 31 December 2022. 
The foreseeable impacts to date related to the war situation in Ukraine are very limited for the Sfil Group. As 
a reminder, the Sfil Group does not have any offices outside France. Moreover, the Group does not have any 
exposure in Russia or Belarus and has only one exposure in Ukraine, which as of 31 December 2022 
represented balance sheet outstanding of EUR 59 million (almost fully drawn down). This exposure was 
granted as part of the export credit activity and is 100% guaranteed by the French Republic. Sfil is not, 
therefore, directly exposed to credit risk on this file. Sfil has nevertheless decided, as of 24 February 2022, to 
place this asset on the watchlist. A provision for liabilities and charges of EUR 0.4 million is associated with 
this entry. 
Outlook

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
2023 will be Sfil's eleventh year of existence. In ten years, Sfil has become a major public development bank 
with exceptional access to financial markets, and which, in partnership with La Banque Postale, is the leading 
financier of French local authorities and public hospitals. The signing of a new partnership with Banque des 
Territoires (Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations) for the marketing of long- and very long-term fixed-rate 
loans will also make it possible for Sfil to enrich its offering in this customer segment to finance, in particular, 
the investments necessary for the environmental transition. With regard to the export credit activity, there 
should be more financing projects. Building on these strengths, Sfil will pursue the three focuses of its 
#Objectif2026 strategic plan, of which 2022 was the first year of implementation. 
Conduct of public policy method 
During 2023, Sfil and its partners, La Banque Postale and Banque des Territoires, will support the French 
government recovery plan in favor of investments by local authorities and investments in public health 
institutions carried out as part of the "Ségur de la Santé" health plan. In particular, they will encourage the 
development of financing for the environmental transition notably through the range of green loans as well as 
the new loan offer carried out in partnership with Banque des Territoires.  
Sfil Group will also actively support its customers' social projects via the range of social loans dedicated to 
hospitals in France and via its new range of social loans for local authorities launched in 2022. 
The roll-out of this new range of loans, alongside the existing thematic loan ranges, will be accompanied by 
a broad awareness-raising of borrowers. Under these conditions, production should, therefore, remain at a 
sustained level in 2023. It will nevertheless remain subject to the speed with which local authorities become 
familiar with this type of financing as well as the evolution of interest rates in line with the calculation of the 
usury threshold. Given the central role of local authorities in the recovery plan and the environmental 
transition, the prospects in terms of green financing needs for the coming years are very important, with annual 
amounts of climate investments that should be multiplied by 2 to 5 depending on the sector.  
For export credit, with a portfolio of more than 160 projects under review for a total amount of more than 
EUR 61 billion in financing requirements, and several projects in the advanced stages of negotiation for 
French exporters and their partner banks, business prospects are very strong. For 2023, several sectors may 
request refinancing, particularly in the areas of transport, energy and water infrastructure as well as in the 
defence sector. The continued study of the extension of the system's activity for sustainable projects in which 
a strategic interest is present and which call on sources of financing covered by a European or multilateral 
public guarantee, has made it possible to identify several projects potentially eligible for this system, thus 
confirming its need. This extension of Sfil's export intervention methods is subject to prior authorisation from 
the European Commission.  
Sfil will have to cover the financing needs of its two business lines, the local public sector and export. To do 
this, Sfil will have to control its financing conditions in an environment marked by the withdrawal of asset 
purchases by the European Central Bank and by a sharp increase in the net issue volumes of European 
sovereigns. Sfil Group's issuance programme in 2023 should be at a sustained level and include between 
EUR 7 and 9 billion. The new sustainable framework rolled out in October 2022 will make it possible to 
finance the new range of social loans to local authorities marketed via La Banque Postale. Sfil Group's first 
2023 issues carried out at the beginning of the year met very strong demand from investors. 
Regulatory changes 
In order to implement at the European level the December 2017 Basel Committee decisions, the European 
Commission published on 27 October 2021 a legislative proposal to amend Directive n° 2013/36/EU of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
and investment firms, as amended, Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements 
for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and the relevant subsequent delegated regulations. 
This proposal provides notably for the creation of a specific "IRBA" category for the exposures of institutions 
on Regional Governments & Local Authorities (RGLA) and on public sector entities (PSE), henceforth 
distinct from that dedicated to "institutions". This proposal must be discussed in the trialogue with the 
European Parliament and the Council. Sfil is attentive to the ongoing discussions, in particular to the 
calibration of the criteria applicable to it. In any event, the new provisions will not apply before 1st January 
2025.  
In 2022, Sfil Group continued to analyse the impact of the various European texts governing the new 
regulatory obligations for the publication of non-financial information, in particular, Directive (EU)

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
2022/2464 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2022 called "CSRD", the 
sustainability reporting standards proposed by the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group to the 
European Commission and Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, as amended. As a 
result, Sfil Group will have to comply with the new provisions introduced by the texts indicated above from 
1st January 2026. 
Working methods 
In 2023, Sfil will continue to transform its working methods. This will take the form of the provision of a 
modernized framework with a move planned for mid-2023 (BIOME Paris 15 building, a benchmark in terms 
of environmental performance), adapted to hybrid work. These new premises, shared with La Banque Postale, 
will constitute a framework conducive to the intensification of the strategic partnership between the teams of 
the two entities in the financing of the local public sector. 
Geopolitical environment 
Sfil Group will closely monitor the international situation and macroeconomic developments and, in 
particular, the degree of market volatility in a context influenced by the persistence of inflation, the unstable 
geopolitical environment and more particularly the conflict in Ukraine, for which the foreseeable impacts for 
Sfil remain limited to date, as well as the monetary policy of the European Central Bank and the FED in 
response to the aforementioned events. 
2. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
Sfil is a credit institution authorised and directly supervised by the European Central Bank and is ranked in the top 
10 of the credit institutions in France by assets5. 
2.1 
Principal activities 
Sfil carries out the following missions: 
- 
financing, within a strictly defined framework, loans initially granted by LBP to eligible local government 
entities and public hospitals6 via issuance of obligations foncières by CAFFIL; 
- 
refinancing large export credit contracts; 
- 
Sfil's provision of specialized services to LBP and to CAFFIL to enable the system to function correctly; and 
- 
the continuation and near-completion, in line with the State's public finances management objectives and 
Sfil's strategic interests, of the program to reduce the sensitivity of certain structured loans contained in 
CAFFIL's balance sheet when Sfil was created. 
In the context of the Covid-19 pandemic, the exceptional financing capacity of the Sfil Group, which has been 
preserved, has enabled these missions to be carried out without interruption. 
(i) 
Financing of local public sector loans  
This activity was launched following the shortage of long-term funding for French local authorities. It was decided 
by the French State that it was necessary to provide a stable access to long dated funding for public investments. This 
decision was confirmed by the European Commission on 28 December 2012. LBP, which will retain a central role 
in the system, decided to renew its partnership early with Sfil until end 2026 for the commercialization of medium 
and long-term loans to local authorities and public hospitals. The objective is to enable local authorities and public 
hospitals to benefit from enhanced financing conditions.  
Through its société de crédit foncier CAFFIL, the Issuer refinances medium and long-term loans offered by LBP to 
local authorities and public hospitals in France. Sfil and CAFFIL are mutually dependent. Due to its size, performance 
of CAFFIL has an impact on Sfil's revenues. 
Since 2013, Sfil, together with LBP, is a significant lender to the French local public sector with EUR 3.3 billion in 
2013, EUR 4.1 billion in 2014, EUR 5 billion in 2015, EUR 4 billion in 2016, EUR 3.4 billion in 2017 and EUR 3.6 
 
5   
List of significant supervised entities and the list of less significant institutions, European Central Bank, 01/01/2021 
6  
Eligibility within the meaning of the law on sociétés de crédit foncier, pursuant to which on-balance sheet hedging assets can be 
considered collateral of issued obligations foncières

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
billion in 2018. In 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022, Sfil continued to play a major role as lender to the French local public 
sector with EUR 5.7 billion in new loans in 2019, EUR 5.6 billion in new loans in 2020, EUR 4.9 billion in new 
loans in 2021 and EUR 4.1 billion in new loans in 2022. As regards local authorities, the 2022 year was marked by 
a complex macroeconomic context in which Sfil adopted a relative wait‑and‑see behavior with regard to their 
recourse to borrowing, in particular due to the combination of several factors: a rapid rise in interest rates coupled 
with an inflationary crisis that has impacted their operating and investment expenses as well as uncertainty about the 
evolution of their revenues. Similarly, in the public health sector, 2022 proved to be a year of uncertainties during 
which the financing activity decreased slightly (6% compared to 2021 with EUR 622 million in loans granted). 
Lastly, and above all, activity in 2022 was strongly impacted by the methods for setting the usury rate, which limited 
the offer of fixed‑rate loans (which constitutes the main financing tool for the local public sector and hospitals in 
France). 
Since the creation of Sfil in 2013, new loans are granted exclusively to French local public sector borrowers. Through 
its subsidiary CAFFIL, Sfil also holds loans and bonds to public sector entities that were acquired before 2013 with 
non-French counterparts. The outstanding loans and securities on Sfil Group's balance sheet totalled EUR 59.2 
billion, of which EUR 57.9 billion to public sector. After taking into account the guarantees granted, France is largely 
predominant with nearly 92% of total outstanding to the public sector in 2022. New loans are exclusively originated 
with the French local public sector or fully guaranteed by the latter. Outstanding loans for the export credit activity 
amounted to EUR 6.6 billion on the balance sheet at the end of 2022 and represented 11% of the outstanding loans 
and securities on Sfil Group's balance sheet. Other assets with the local public sector in France or guaranteed by it 
represent approximately 80% of the loans and securities on Sfil Group's balance sheet. 
Excluding France, the two largest exposures concerned local authorities in Italy and sovereign exposures in Italy 
(6%) and Switzerland (0.6%). Loans and securities with counterparties outside France corresponded to granular and 
geographically diverse exposures to public sector entities. These exposures, excluding cash investments, were 
originated in the past and are now in run-off mode. France's relative share was up slightly from 2021 (91.7% 
compared to 90.3%). 
 
 
 
For France's relative share of 92% in 2022, the following graph shows the breakdown of loans and securities granted 
to the French public sector by type of counterparty:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
For the relative share of 12% of export credit activity in 2022, the graph below shows the breakdown by geographical 
area of the importers concerned by the loans granted. 
 
 
Operational flow diagram of the system 
 
 
In 2022, the financing activity of local authorities and public health slowed down with EUR 4.1 billion in financing 
granted during the year through the Sfil/La Banque Postale scheme and the first two loans granted under the new 
Sfil/Banque des Territoires system. 
At the same time, CAFFIL acquired EUR 4.8 billion in loans initiated by La Banque Postale. Since the partnership 
began, the total volume of loans acquired stands at EUR 33.7 billion.  
As regards local authorities, the year was marked by a complex macroeconomic context in which they adopted a 
relative wait-and-see behavior with regard to their recourse to borrowing, in particular due to the combination of 
several factors: a rapid rise in interest rates coupled with an inflationary crisis that has impacted their operating and 
investment expenses as well as uncertainty about the evolution of their revenues.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Similarly, in the public health sector, 2022 proved to be a year of uncertainties during which the financing activity 
decreased slightly by 6% compared to 2021 with EUR 622 million in loans granted. 
Lastly, and above all, activity in 2022 was strongly impacted by the methods for setting the usury rate, which limited 
the offer of fixed-rate loans, the main financing tool for the local public sector and hospitals in France. 
Supporting the Environmental Transition of the territories  
Due to their competencies, local authorities have a major role to play in achieving the carbon neutrality objective, 
set out in the National Low Carbon Strategy (SNBC), that France has set for itself for 2050. To do this, they will 
have to make at least EUR 12 billion in climate investments each year, corresponding to approximately 20% of their 
investment budget, as highlighted by the I4CE institute. 
As the leading local public sector lender, Sfil Group continued its support for local authorities' climate investments 
throughout the year, via the range of green loans designed and distributed in partnership with La Banque Postale. 
The projects financed by Sfil Group concern the fields of renewable energies, waste management and recovery, 
territorial mobility and soft transport, sustainable management of water and sanitation, and energy efficiency in 
construction and urban planning. 
In 2022, EUR 774 million in green loans for local authorities were produced by the Sfil/La Banque Postale system, 
up sharply (+14%) compared to the previous year. This change is due, in particular, to the French national recovery 
plan, and more specifically the section relating to the Environmental and energy transition, as well as the setting up 
of the French State's Green fund in which Sfil Group's green loan offer is fully integrated. 
Launch of a new range of social loans 
Sfil has also launched a new range of social loans with La Banque Postale, its long-standing partner. It aims to support 
investments by local authorities in areas such as health, education, sport, culture, development and territorial 
cohesion. From its launch, this new offer met strong demand, resulting in EUR 140 million in social loans granted 
between October 2022 and December 2022, i.e. 9% of the production carried out over the same period. 
Consolidation of the customer relationship 
In response to certain areas for improvement identified following the customer satisfaction survey conducted in 2021 
with the specialized firm KANTAR, Sfil has developed a brochure that it has sent to its borrowers, local authorities 
and public health institutions. It is intended to make them more aware of its activities and its role in the Sfil/La 
Banque Postale system. For the first time, Sfil also took part in the Salon des Maires et des Collectivités Locales in 
November 2022, which enabled its teams to discuss with representatives of local authorities, players involved in the 
transition of their regions, and to present all of its activities, in particular its range of thematic loans. 
During the year, Sfil Group also continued to support the digitization of its relations with the local public sector with 
the continued roll-out of DIGISfil. This platform enables borrowers to securely update their information, make 
transaction requests or consult their due date notices online. At the end of 2022, DIGISfil covered 58% of outstanding 
compared to 44% in 2021. 
(ii) 
Partnership with LBP and Banque des Territoires  
Since 2013, Sfil supplies services for the medium- and long-term financing activity in the local public sector (local 
authorities and public healthcare facilities) engaged in by LBP. Within this framework, Sfil provides services at all 
stages along the chain of loan issue and management (loan offerings, back office management, asset and liability 
management reporting, management control, accounting, third-party management, etc.).  
Sfil also coordinates and directs projects needed by LBP for its business, in particular by adapting the applications it 
makes available. 
Likewise Sfil and LBP work together in order to propose to certain customers of LBP the possibility to reschedule 
their loans held by CAFFIL, some of the services being provided to CAFFIL. The role of Sfil as servicer of CAFFIL 
since 2013 primarily involves the following: 
- 
to ensure the complete operational management of CAFFIL (day-to-day management as well as the 
operational management of the reduction in the sensitivity of the structured loans on the balance sheet of 
CAFFIL), as defined by the regulations applicable to sociétés de crédit foncier, in particular Article L.513-
15 of the French Code monétaire et financier; and

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
- 
to provide CAFFIL with the derivatives and non-privileged funding it needs to carry out its activities 
including the financing of the over collateralization.  
During the lockdown period and generalized teleworking related to the Covid-19 crisis, thanks to the rapid 
implementation of a remote working system for all of its staff, Sfil maintained the operational continuity of this 
service and carried out a number of operational adaptations, due to widespread remote work, in agreement with LBP. 
The level of service remained unchanged from normal. 
Sfil provides services for the medium- and long-term financing activity in the local public sector (French local 
government entities and public hospitals) carried out by LBP and the "La Banque Postale Collectivités Locales". 
Within this framework, it provides services at all stages of the medium- and long-term loan issuance and management 
process (loan offerings, middle and back office, management, ALM reporting, management control, accounting, 
third-party management, etc.). 
Sfil also coordinates and implements projects needed by LBP for its business activity, in particular by adapting the 
applications it makes available to LBP.  
In 2022, in accordance with their periodic review commitment, Sfil and LBP adapted the contractual framework for 
the provision of services in order to bring it into line with the guidelines of the European Banking Authority (EBA) 
relating to critical or significant services (PCI). The indicators in place to measure the quality of the services that Sfil 
provided in 2022 were satisfied at 95%. 
Sfil Group, via its subsidiary CAFFIL, finances loans granted by LBP to French local authorities and public hospitals. 
The scheme was renewed until 2026 when Sfil changed its shareholding structure on 30 September 2020. The 
Sfil/LBP system demonstrated its performance by maintaining this year its position as leader in the financing of the 
French local public sector, which it has held since 2015. During the year 2022, this system proved its resilience by 
the production of an amount of EUR 4.1 billion of loans. As the leading local public sector lender, Sfil Group 
continued its support for local authorities' climate investments throughout the year, via the range of green loans 
designed and distributed in partnership with LBP. The projects financed by Sfil Group concern the fields of 
renewable energies, waste management and recovery, territorial mobility and soft transport, sustainable management 
of water and sanitation and energy efficiency in construction and urban planning. In 2022, EUR 774 million in green 
loans for local authorities were produced by the Sfil/LBP system, up sharply (+14%) compared to the previous year. 
This change is due, in particular, to the French national recovery plan, and more specifically the section relating to 
the Environmental and energy transition, as well as the setting up of the French State's Green fund in which Sfil 
Group's green loan offer is fully integrated. Sfil has also launched a new range of social loans with LBP. It aims to 
support investments by local authorities in areas such as health, education, sport, culture, development and territorial 
cohesion. From its launch, this new offer met strong demand, resulting in EUR 140 million in social loans granted 
between October 2022 and December 2022, i.e. 9% of the production carried out over the same period. At the same 
time, CAFFIL acquired EUR 4.8 billion in loans initiated by LBP. Since the partnership began, the total volume of 
loans acquired stands at EUR 33.7 billion. 
In respect of 2021, Sfil was awarded the Provigis Responsible Supplier Gold Medal in respect of the provision of 
services to LBP. This certifies that Sfil owns and supplies legal documentation assessed as compliant in response to 
the duty of care and that it is committed to a Responsible Purchaser approach to monitoring its suppliers and 
subcontractors. In 2022, in which it asks its suppliers to commit to a sustainable approach that respects the main 
principles of the United Nations Global Compact. 
Sfil also coordinates and implements projects needed by LBP for this activity, in particular by adapting the 
applications it makes available to LBP. 
In November 2022, Sfil Group finalised a partnership with Banque des Territoires to finance local authorities and 
public health institutions at fixed rates for long periods of up to 40 years. These loans will mainly be intended for the 
financing of sustainable investments and will form part of an environmental or social financing offer. The operating 
procedures of this system are comparable to that existing with La Banque Postale.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
The local public sector financing activity involves Sfil's subsidiary, CAFFIL, acquiring from Banque des Territoires 
loans that it has marketed. 
(iii) 
Export credit refinancing  
In 2015, the French State gave Sfil the mission to refinance large export credits in order to bolster the competitiveness 
of French export offers. 
The European Commission's authorization for the export credit refinancing was renewed on 7 May 2020 based on 
the maintained diagnosis of a market failure for export credit refinancing and the appropriate and necessary nature 
of the intervention of a public development bank, such as SFIL, to remedy it. The duration of this authorization was 
extended to 7 years (instead of 5 years for the first one) expiring in 2027. 
Export credits are a key factor in the financial aspect of exporters' commercial offers. Basically structured in the form 
of buyer credits, they may take advantage of a credit insurance against the political and commercial risks granted by 
the French public export credit agency – Bpifrance Assurance Export on behalf of the State. 
The objective of this set-up designed to support French exports is to improve the financial offer that accompanies 
export contracts in terms of volume, maturity and cost. The vast majority of countries of the Organisation for 
Economic Cooperation and Development rely on a public set up for the refinancing of export loans through two 
different models: (i) direct lender where the public entity takes the place of commercial banks or (ii) refinancing 
platform where the public entity leaves the structuring and arranging roles as well as the uninsured part of the credits 
to the commercial banks.  
Following feasibility studies undertaken by Sfil in cooperation with the French public export credit agency and 
French authorities, the second model was chosen. The European Commission granted on 5 May 2015 its authorisation 
to expand the scope of Sfil's activities as a public development bank in the refinancing of export credits in order to 
resolve market failure in this sector. 
Following this decision, the operational launch of this business line was organized, resources were progressively 
allocated to this activity, and internal management processes and risk control systems were set up.  
Presentation of the set up7: 
 
 
7 Scheme applicable to export credit refinancing operations excluding civil aviation that benefit from a Pure and Unconditional Guarantee in 
replacement of 95% credit insurance and the enhanced guarantee

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Within the framework of this organization, Sfil offers to acquire from commercial lenders a portion of all or a part 
(generally up to 95%) of the export credit insured by the French public export credit agency, the uninsured portion 
to be kept by the export bank. 
- 
Sfil becomes lender of record in the export credit and benefits from a 100% insurance cover on its part. 
- 
The export bank keeps the risk on the uninsured portion and maintains the commercial relationship over the 
life of the transaction. 
- 
The export loans acquired by Sfil are refinanced through CAFFIL, which benefits from the enhanced 
guarantee mechanism introduced in the 2012 law of finance. 
The structure that has been set up operates with significant interaction between Sfil and Bpifrance Assurance Export8, 
on the one hand, and export banks on the other.  
In that respect, a standard protocol has been drawn up, governing relations between Sfil and any export bank wishing 
to make use of this scheme. As of 31 December 2022, 27 institutions, including the most active banks in the French 
export credit market, had signed this agreement and can use Sfil for their operations. 
Since its inaugural deal signed in June 2016 and as of 31 December 2022, Sfil has closed 22 deals reaching a total 
amount of EUR 11.1 billion in export credit refinancing: 
- 
2 deals in 2016, with 5 banks for EUR 650 million; 
- 
4 deals in 2017 with 8 banks for EUR 2.6 billion; 
- 
4 deals in 2018 with 13 banks for EUR 3.8 billion; 
- 
4 deals in 2019 with 7 banks for EUR 1.0 billion; 
- 
1 deal in 2020 with 2 banks for EUR 211 million;  
- 
5 deals in 2021 with 10 banks for EUR 2.2 billion; and 
- 
2 deals in 2022 with 2 banks for EUR 652 million9. 
Since 2016, Sfil has become the first liquidity provider on the French export credit market with a market share around 
40%. In total as of 31 December 2022, Sfil has enabled the successful closing partnership with the commercial banks 
of EUR 20.8 billion of export credits for 11 exporters in 6 sectors: Cruise, Defence, Power, Infrastructure, Oil & 
Gas, Aeronautics and Space.10 
For the future, the export credit activity targets an annual volume above EUR 3 billion in average per year. 
 
8  Historically, Coface was the French public export credit agency, delivering insurance policy in the name of and with the guarantee of the French 
State. Following the amended 2015 finance law, the role of managing public guarantees for foreign trade has been transferred on 31 December 
2016 from Coface to Bpifrance. Bpifrance Assurance Export, a 100% subsidiary of Bpifrance is in charge of delivering these guarantees, under 
the French State's control, on its behalf and in its name. 
9 Source Sfil 
10 Source Sfil

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Since export credit refinancing is not linked, from the point of view of the economic or the financial cycle, to the 
local public finance sector, this new business line will make it possible to sustain Sfil's results without modifying its 
strategic positioning as a development bank that refinances public assets, or its risk profile. 
Discussions are ongoing between French authorities and European Commission to allow Sfil to refinance also credits 
covered by the "Garantie des Projets Stratégiques" which is dedicated to cover credits to finance projects not linked 
to an exportation but which represent a "Strategic" interest for the French Economy.  
Furthermore, in the frame of the climate transition and sustainable development goals, Sfil is considering the 
possibility to increase its action abroad with a support to sustainable projects for French industry, by expanding its 
intervention to loans European export credit agencies or sovereign guarantees or covered by multilateral agencies. 
This enlarged scope will create additional business opportunities for Sfil.  
(iv) 
Sensitivity reduction  
Through its subsidiary CAFFIL, Sfil holds structured loans considered as sensitive that were granted to French 
customers of Dexia Credit Local. Certain of these customers initiated legal proceedings against Dexia Credit Local, 
CAFFIL and/or Sfil. 
The policy applied by Sfil since its creation at the beginning of 2013 made it possible to effect a significant reduction 
in the size of the portfolio of sensitive structured loans.  
Efforts to reduce loan sensitivity remained significant in 2022, as EUR 49 million in sensitive structured loans were 
transformed into fixed rate loans, with 13 operations (20 in the previous year). Lastly, 223 borrowers, including 211 
local governments, cancelled their litigation proceedings. At the end of 2022, the number of borrowers in lawsuits 
for sensitive structured loans was 1 versus 4 in 2021, 10 in 2020, 15 in 2019, 18 in 2018 and 25 in 2017. 
2.2 
Principal markets  
Sfil operates in two markets: lending to the French local public sector and refinancing of export loans benefiting 
from a French public guaranty.  
French local government debt reached a total amount of EUR 234.5 billion at the end of 2021.  
The year 2020 is the lowest since 2014, with around EUR 1.6 billion of large export credit insured signed by 
Bpifrance Assurance Export (excluding aviation sector). 2021 marks a significant rebound with nearly EUR 6 billion 
large export credit insured by Bpifrance Assurance Export concluded (excluding aviation sector). 
2.3 
Recent evolutions  
We present below three key figures of Sfil as of 31 December 2022:  
• 
Sfil had EUR 66.6 billion consolidated balance sheet assets;  
• 
Sfil had a CET1 Ratio of 40.3%; and 
• 
335 employees were working for Sfil.  
The European Central Bank notified the level of additional requirement in respect of P2R (Pillar 2 Requirement) for 
Sfil's Group, which apply from 1st January 2021. These requirements are maintained and stand at 0.75% for Sfil. 
Taking into account the regulatory buffers, the minimum requirements applicable to Sfil on a consolidated basis are 
respectively 7.42% for the CET1 ratio, 9.06% for the Tier 1 ratio and 11.25% for the total capital ratio. 
The Capital Requirements Regulation No. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 has introduced a leverage ratio, which 
corresponds to the amount of Tier 1 capital as a proportion of the total exposure of the entity concerned. Data 
collection in accordance with the regulatory format began in 2014 and entities have published their leverage ratio 
since the fiscal year starting 1 January 2015, without this ratio being subject to a specific quantitative requirement.  
Based on the methodological principles of currently applicable regulations, the Sfil Group's leverage ratio was 11.1% 
as of 31 December 2022. 
However, these regulations were amended by Regulation No. 876/2019 of 20 May 2019. The amendments in 
question, applicable as from end-June 2021, provide for the introduction of a minimum leverage ratio requirement 
of 3%, as well as measures designed to exclude development loans and the Export Credit business when calculating 
the total exposure. Since the entry into force of these amendments, the Sfil Group benefits from specific, tailored 
leverage ratio calculation rules.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Calculated using the methodological principles of the amended regulations, the Sfil Group's leverage ratio is 11.1% 
and thus comfortably exceeds the minimum 3% requirement. 
On 25 November 2022, the ACPR Resolution College notified Sfil of its decision to implement the Single Resolution 
Board's decision dated 22 September 2022 setting the Minimum Requirement for Equity and Eligible Liabilities 
(MREL) for Sfil. As Ordinary Insolvency Processing has now been selected as Sfil's preferential resolution strategy, 
the MREL requirement is therefore limited to Sfil's Loss Absorption Amount (LAA). This MREL requirement also 
applies solely to Sfil's social scope. 
3. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
The Banque de France may ask CDC, as reference shareholder, and the French State to provide the necessary support 
to Sfil in accordance with Article L.511-42 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
The shareholding structure of Sfil changed in 2020. On 30 September 2020, the State, CDC and LBP announced the 
finalization of the acquisition by CDC (that held a 20% stake to date) of all of the Sfil shares held by LBP (i.e. 5%) 
and all of the Sfil shares held by the State (i.e. 75%), with the exception of one ordinary share that the State retained 
in accordance with the terms of the agreement announced on 9 October 2019 and 4 March 2020. CDC is Sfil's new 
reference shareholder. The State will continue to have a seat on Sfil's Board of Directors by means of a non-voting 
director, in view of the public interest missions entrusted to Sfil.  
This operation enables the public financial institutions to continue to serve the French territory, by grouping them 
within a large public financial group, formed around CDC and La Poste. 
During 2022, Sfil took part in the process initiated by the CDC Group aiming at developing cooperation between the 
Sfil Group's various entities and coordinating the operation of the business lines. 
This approach aims in particular to: 
(a) 
enable employees to participate in shared values and objectives with the expression of a Sfil Group purpose; 
(b) 
generalize a networked mode of operation within each sector; 
(c) 
develop new intragroup business partnerships; 
(d) 
develop the attractiveness of human resources and employment pools within the Group. 
The Group Vision project launched in the spring of 2021 within the CDC Group gave rise to a broad consultation to 
define its purpose unveiled in early 2022: "The Caisse des Dépôts Group, an unique alliance of public and private 
economic players, is committed, in the heart of the regions, to accelerating the environmental transformation and to 
contributing to offering a better life for all". This purpose, which defines the shared culture serving the Sfil Group's 
missions for an effective and operational cooperation of the respective business lines within it, fully echoes Sfil's 
purpose: "To finance a sustainable future by effectively and responsibly supporting local development and the 
international activity of large companies". 
Sfil is tangibly committed to achieving cooperation projects that are an integral part of its #Objectif2026 strategic 
plan with, in particular, the launch from the beginning of 2022 of its partnership with Banque des Territoires for the 
refinancing of long-term loans at fixed rates. 
Sfil's shareholding structure is still fully public. Its shareholders will ensure that Sfil's financial solidity is preserved 
and its economic base protected and will continue to provide it with the necessary support, in accordance with the 
applicable regulations. CDC, Sfil's new reference shareholder, confirmed its commitment in a letter of support, 
completed by a letter of support from the State, in the context of Sfil's continuing status as a State-owned development 
bank. On its side, on 5 November 2020, Sfil signed an updated declaration of support of CAFFIL. 
The share capital of the Issuer is held as follows:  
- 
99.99999% by the CDC (i.e. 9,285,724 shares); 
- 
0.00001% by the French State via the Agence des Participations de l'Etat, which is a French government 
shareholding agency (i.e. 1 share). 
CAFFIL is a subsidiary of Sfil. CAFFIL is a société de crédit foncier governed by Articles L.515-13 et seq. of the 
French Code monétaire et financier.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Shareholding structure of the Issuer since 30 September 2020: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
The Issuer is organized around a Board of Directors, an Executive Committee, a Governance, Appointments and 
CSR Committee, a Compensation Committee, a Financial Statements Committee and a Risks and Internal Control 
Committee. 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors is composed of 15 members:  
• 
Pierre Sorbets (Chairman of the Board of Directors) 
• 
Philippe Mills (Chief Executive Officer) 
• 
Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations represented by Alexandre Thorel 
• 
Carole Abbey 
• 
Serge Bayard 
• 
Brigitte Daurelle 
• 
Cécile Degove 
• 
Laetitia Dordain 
• 
Eckhard Forst

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
• 
Perrine Kaltwasser 
• 
Cathy Kopp 
• 
Pierre Laurent 
• 
three elected employee representatives: Sandrine Barbosa, Frédéric Guillemin and Cécile Latil-Bouculat 
Non-voting member: Paul Teboul 
Representative of the social and economic committee: Thomas Perdriau. 
The main functions of the board members outside of the Issuer are the following: 
Pierre Sorbets (Chairman of the 
Board of Directors of Sfil) 
Chairman of Magnard Finance Conseil 
Philippe Mills  
(Chief Executive Officer) 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board of CAFFIL; Member of the Board of 
Directors of EAPB 
Alexandre Thorel 
(CDC representative) 
Strategic Holdings Manager Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations – 
Strategic Investments 
Carole Abbey 
Director of Strategic Investments, Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations 
Serge Bayard 
Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Head of Customer Development in 
the Corporate and Investment Banking division of La Banque Postale 
Brigitte Daurelle 
Chief Executive Officer of MFEX Groupe 
Head of the Integration Management Program for MFEX by Euroclear 
Cécile Degove 
Manager of the Group Strategic, Financial and Extra-financial planning, 
Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations 
Laetitia Dordain 
Director of the Consignments and Specialized Deposits Department, 
Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations 
Eckhard Forst 
Chairman of the Managing Board of NRW Bank 
Cathy Kopp 
Independent member of the Board of Directors, Sfil 
Perrine Kaltwasser 
Chief Executive Officer, member of the Executive Board in charge of 
the group's risks department, the group's compliance department, the 
general secretariat, and the supervision of the specific requirements 
relating to the financial conglomerate, La Banque Postale 
Pierre Laurent 
Director of the Development Department "Banque des territoires" 
Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations 
Their business addresses are c/o Sfil, 112-114, avenue Emile Zola, 75015 Paris, France. 
The management team  
The management team is composed of Executive Management and 7 other members in charge of divisions or central 
functions who make up the Management Committee. This committee meets at least once per week. 
The members of the Executive Management are Philippe Mills (Chief Executive Officer) and François Laugier 
(Deputy Chief Executive Officer).  
The members of the Executive Committee are Philippe Mills (Chief Executive Officer), François Laugier (Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer), Stéphane Costa de Beauregard (Local Public Sector, CSR and Operating Officer), Nathalie 
Derue (Chief Risk Officer), Gilles Gallerne (Chairman of the Management Board of CAFFIL), Béatrice Gosserez 
(Corporate secretary and Chief Compliance Officer), Florent Lecinq (Chief Financial and Financial Markets Officer), 
Pierre-Marie Debreuille (Export Credit Officer), and Frédéric Meyer (Human Resources Officer).

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
Financial Statements Committee and Risks and Internal Control Committee 
The Financial Statements Committee examines in particular the financial statements of Sfil and CAFFIL, as well as 
the corresponding statutory auditors' reports, the strategy of Sfil and the budget. 
The Risks and Internal Control Committee is in charge of studying the procedures employed in internal control 
activities at Sfil and CAFFIL, the reports on compliance and audit activities, the reports on risk surveillance, etc. 
The Financial Statements Committee and the Risks and Internal Control Committee are made up of a maximum of 
seven members who are Board of Directors members but are not involved in Sfil's executive management. Members 
are chosen on the basis of their skills and their potential contribution to the work of the committee in question. These 
committees are chaired by an independent member of the Board of Directors with proven skills in finance, accounting 
and risk. These committees meet at least four times per year.  
The members of the Financial Statements Committee are Brigitte Daurelle (Chair of the Committee), Carole Abbey, 
Cécile Degove, Eckhard Forst, Frédéric Guillemin, Pierre Sorbets and Alexandre Thorel.  
The members of the Risks and Internal Control Committee are: Eckhard Forst (Chairman of the Committee), Carole 
Abbey, Brigitte Daurelle, Cécile Latil-Bouculat, Pierre Laurent, Pierre Sorbets and Alexandre Thorel. 
Conflicts of interest or declaration of no-conflict of interest 
The Issuer certifies that, to the best of its knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of 
its corporate officers towards the Issuer and their private interests and other duties. 
5. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
At the date of the Base Prospectus, share capital stands at EUR 130,000,150 represented by 9,285,725 nominative 
shares.  
There are no securities that grant rights to shares in the capital of Sfil. 
Sfil is publicly owned. The share capital of Sfil is held as follows: 
- 
99.99999% by the CDC, i.e. 9,285,724 shares; 
- 
0.00001% by the French State via the Agence des Participations de l'Etat, which is a French government 
shareholding agency (i.e 1 share). 
6. 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
Litigation related to structured loans 
 
CAFFIL has, in its portfolio, some structured loans considered as sensitive which had been granted to French clients 
by Dexia Crédit Local before the acquisition of CAFFIL by Sfil. Certain of these customers initiated legal 
proceedings against Dexia Crédit Local, CAFFIL and/or Sfil. 
As of 31 December 2022, the number of borrowers in lawsuits for sensitive structured loans was 1, compared with 
2 as of 30 June 2022 and 3 as of 31 December 2021, this number having fallen continuously since 2014 (210 as of 
31 December 2014). Since Sfil's creation, 222 borrowers have ended lawsuits they had brought. 
As of 31 December 2022, there were no other significant disputes between Sfil or CAFFIL and their borrowers. The 
processing of the most sensitive structured loans can be considered as completed. 
Significant decrease in the number of lawsuits  
 
Since the entry into force on 30 July 2014 of the law on the securitization of structured loan contracts taken out by 
public legal entities and in accordance with a now established case law of the Cour de cassation (cf. judgments 
rendered on 28 March 2018, 26 June 2019, 20 May 2020 and 12 November 2020), more than 60 judicial decisions 
have dismissed claims by borrowers to invalidate the structured loans recorded on CAFFIL's balance sheet. 
However, two partially unfavorable rulings were issued by the Cour de cassation during the year 2021, which have 
been transferred back to the Cour d'appel: both procedures have been denied by the Cour d'appel, only one has been 
appealed against before the Cour de cassation. 
A new trial was initiated in 2022 by a borrower based on a misinterpretation of a judgment of the Cour d'appel. 
Nonetheless, structured loans' validity has already been secured in 2021 before the Cour of Cassation.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Other litigations 
There was no change during the second half of 2022 concerning the case related to the treatment of the taxation in 
Ireland of the results of the former branch of Dexia Municipal Agency (former name of CAFFIL) in Dublin, which 
was closed down in 2013, and which resulted in an adjustment by the French tax authorities. The French and Irish 
administrations that met in 2021 should continue their discussions in the second half of 2022. As a reminder, CAFFIL 
has settled all of the duties assessed. 
7. 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
(i) 
Management agreement between Sfil and CAFFIL 
A management agreement, "Convention de gestion", dated 31 January 2013 between Sfil and CAFFIL as amended 
and/or replaced from time to time, pursuant to which Sfil agreed to manage on behalf of CAFFIL loans granted to 
public sector entities in the European Union or to entities guaranteed by these public sector entities and transferred 
to CAFFIL and the refinancing of export credits. Sfil, in accordance with the terms of this agreement (which also 
covers loan origination, servicing and recovery, administrative and accounting management, internal control and 
compliance, information technology services, human resources, compensation for services and current account 
services), monitors and controls risks relating to credit, counterparties, market, operations, exchange rates, interest 
rates, liquidity, and settlement at the level of CAFFIL.  
(ii) 
Liquidity and Financing Arrangements 
A current account agreement (Convention de compte courant) dated 31 January 2013 has been concluded by CAFFIL 
and Sfil (as amended from time to time) which combines multiple current accounts into a single current account and 
allows CAFFIL and Sfil the ability to share a single current account. CAFFIL is able to use the funds available in the 
current account to a maximum amount of EUR 50 million, measured at the end of each day. 
An intragroup revolving credit facility (Crédit Long Terme) dated 31 January 2013 has been concluded by CAFFIL, 
as borrower, and Sfil, as lender (as amended from time to time) pursuant to which Sfil agreed to grant to CAFFIL 
loans to provide long-term financing to cover long term liquidity needs, including the financing of the over-collateral. 
(iii) 
Loan agreements 
The funds required to finance the activity of CAFFIL (financing of over-collateralization and intermediated 
derivatives) are lent to Sfil by its shareholders.  
• 
An agreement was signed between Sfil and CDC, dated 31 January 2013, as amended from time to time, to 
cover all the needs linked to operations booked prior to the date of acquisition (31 January 2013) and the new 
export refinancing activity; 
• 
An agreement was signed between Sfil and LBP, dated 8 August 2013, as amended from time to time, to cover 
all the needs related to loans to French local governments and public hospitals that LBP originates. 
(iv) 
Declaration of support 
On 5 November 2020, Sfil signed an updated declaration of support of CAFFIL, which is reproduced as follows:  
"Since 31 January 2013, Sfil is the reference shareholder of Caisse Française de Financement Local, a société de 
crédit foncier, governed by Articles L.513-2 et seq. of the Monetary and Financial Code and holds 99.99% of its 
capital. 
Sfil will continue to stand as reference shareholder and hold more than 99% of the capital of Caisse Française de 
Financement Local on a long-term basis. 
Sfil, its reference shareholder CDC and the French State, will ensure, subject to EU State Aid rules, that Caisse 
Française de Financement Local always be able to pursue its activity in an ongoing manner and that its economic 
base is protected and its financial strength preserved, in compliance with the requirements of banking regulations." 
Original text in French:  
Depuis le 31 janvier 2013, Sfil est l'actionnaire de référence de la Caisse Française de Financement Local, société 
de crédit foncier soumise aux dispositions des articles L.513-2 et suivants du Code monétaire et financier et détient 
99,99% de son capital. 
Sfil continuera de jouer le rôle d'actionnaire de référence de la Caisse Française de Financement Local et détiendra 
durablement plus de 99% du capital.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Sfil, son actionnaire de référence la CDC et l'Etat français feront en sorte, sous réserve des règles de l'Union 
Européenne relatives aux aides d'Etat, de protéger la base économique de la Caisse Française de Financement Local 
et de préserver sa viabilité financière tout au long de son existence conformément aux obligations imposées par la 
règlementation bancaire en vigueur. 
 
Philippe MILLS 
Directeur Général 
Sfil 
(v) 
Tax consolidation arrangement with CAFFIL 
An agreement was signed between Sfil and CAFFIL, dated 13 January 2014, which allows Sfil to be solely liable for 
income tax for Sfil and CAFFIL from fiscal year 2014 and which governs payment of the tax within the tax group 
and compensation for leaving the tax group linked to the loss of the right to carry deficits. 
(vi) 
Hedging Arrangements 
An FBF master agreement was signed between Sfil and CAFFIL, dated 31 January 2013, as amended from time to 
time and as supplemented by an AFB collateral annexe, dated 31 January 2013, as amended from time to time. The 
OTC transactions under this master agreement include interest rate swaps and foreign exchange swaps.  
ISDA and FBF master agreements were signed between Sfil and over twenty (20) banks. 
An ISDA master agreement supplemented by a credit support annex for variation margin was concluded on 2 May 
2022 between Sfil and Caisse Française de Financement Local. The OTC transactions under this master agreement 
include some interest rate swaps and foreign exchange swaps that are not included in the cover pool and that do not 
benefit from the privilège. 
(vii) 
Refinancing master agreements with CAFFIL (Convention-cadre de refinancement Sfil-CAFFIL / 
Crédit Export)  
The Issuer and CAFFIL have entered into a refinancing master agreement on 29 June 2016. Such agreement sets out 
the general terms relating to any refinancing by CAFFIL of export loans acquired by Sfil from export banks in its 
export refinancing activity. The purpose of this master agreement is to govern any export loan refinancing between 
Sfil and CAFFIL. 
The Issuer and CAFFIL have entered into a refinancing master agreement on 22 February 2021. Such agreement sets 
out the general terms relating to any refinancing by CAFFIL of export loans acquired by Sfil from export banks and 
benefited from a so-called "pure and unconditional" guarantee (GPI).

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
Debt securities amount 
The amount of the debt securities issued by Sfil under its Programme increased by an amount of EUR 1.077 million 
between 1st January 2023 and 7 June 2023.  
The amount of the debt securities (including the Obligations Foncières and the registered covered bonds) issued by 
CAFFIL decreased by an amount of EUR 659 million between 1st January 2023 and 7 June 2023. 
The amount of the Sfil Group's debt securities (including (i) the debt securities issued by Sfil under its Programme 
and (ii) the Obligations Foncières and the registered covered bonds issued by CAFFIL) increased by an amount of 
EUR 418 million between 1st January 2023 and 7 June 2023.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 12 June 
2023 (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the "Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement") between 
the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to 
the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers 
that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at 
the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the 
Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be 
issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by it. 
The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the Programme and the 
Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make 
to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
European Economic Area 
(i) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors 
In respect of (i) any Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the 
"Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Notes with a denomination of at least 
€100,000, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"); 
and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
(ii) 
Non-Exempt Offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
In respect of any Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of 
sales to EEA retail investors" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in a member state of the EEA (each, a "Member State") except that it may 
make an offer of Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-Exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a Base Prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such Base Prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Base 
Prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of the Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer" has the meaning given to it in subparagraph (i)(b) above. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree that: 
(i) 
Non-Exempt Offer in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France and 
it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public 
in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, 
except (a) in the context of an exempt offer in France as described below and (b) in the period beginning 
and ending on the dates specified for such purpose in the Final Terms relating to such Notes and provided 
that the Final Terms have been duly published and specify that such Non-Exempt Offers may be made to 
the public in France, all as defined in, and in accordance with, the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable 
French law and regulation; or 
(ii) 
Exempt offers in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France, 
and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the 
public in France, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes, except to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) in the context of an offer exempted from 
the obligation to publish a prospectus, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Article 2(e) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and Article L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
United Kingdom ("UK") 
 
(i) 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
In respect of (i) any Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the 
"Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Notes with a denomination of at least 
€100,000, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes.  
(ii) 
Public Offer selling restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
In respect of any Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify "Prohibition of 
sales to UK retail investors" as "Not applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an 
offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the 
UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
(iii) 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where 
the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the "Securities 
Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S ("Regulation S"). 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, except 
as permitted by the Amended and Restated Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell Notes, (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) days after the completion of the distribution of any 
identifiable Tranche as determined, and certified to the Fiscal Agent by the relevant Dealer, or in the case of Notes 
issued on a syndicated basis, the Lead Manager, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such 
tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. 
Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any 
person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of 
any of its contents to any such U.S. person or person within the United States, is prohibited. 
Singapore  
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore, as modified or amended 
from time to time (the "SFA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold 
any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer 
or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material 
in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined under Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to 
Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures 
(Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 
six (6) months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 
of the SFA except:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not, and is not intended and shall not be deemed or construed to constitute, an offer or 
invitation to subscribe for, invest or otherwise acquire Notes within or from the territory of Switzerland. The Notes 
have not been and will not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss 
Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and related legislation. The Notes have not been and will not be admitted to any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, in particular (without limitation) not the SIX 
Swiss Exchange Ltd ("SIX"). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Notes constitutes a prospectus within the meaning of the FinSA or the Listing Rules of the SIX (or any other 
exchange or multilateral trading facility within the territory of Switzerland), and no such prospectus has been, or will 
be, prepared for or in connection with, or otherwise relating to, the offering of the Notes. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes has been or will be filed with, or approved by, any 
Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this Base Prospectus (or any other offering or marketing material) will not 
be filed with, and the offer of the Notes will not be supervised by, a review body licensed by the Swiss Financial 
Market Supervisory Authority. Accordingly, neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material may be publicly offered, distributed or otherwise made available publicly within the territory of Switzerland. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each of the Dealers 
has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes 
in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which terms as used herein means any person resident in 
Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-
sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. 
Republic of Italy 
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, published in the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering of 
the Notes and no application has been or will be filed with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") to obtain the registration/authorisation for the public offering (offerta al pubblico) of the Notes in the 
Republic of Italy pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended (the "Financial Services 
Act") and to CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Issuers' Regulation"). Accordingly, 
no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, to the public in the Republic of Italy nor may, or 
will, copies of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined by article 2, paragraph 1, letter e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, by the Financial Services Act and CONSOB implementing regulations; or

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
(b) in any other circumstances where an exemption from the rules on offers to the public applies, as provided under 
Article 1, paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and its 
implementing regulations, including Article 34-ter of the Issuers' Regulation.  
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell 
or deliver, and has not distributed and will not distribute and has not made and will not make available in the Republic 
of Italy the Notes, this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes 
except in the circumstances described under paragraphs (a) and (b) above. 
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of 
this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes in the Republic of 
Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be performed in accordance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and 
exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and in particular will be made:  
(i) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of 
Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended from time to time (the "Banking Act") and CONSOB Regulation no. 20307 of 15 February 2018 as 
amended from time to time; 
(ii) in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy, as amended from time to time (pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the 
Notes in the Republic of Italy); and 
(iii) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement which 
may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer and resale of the 
Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. No person resident or 
located in the Republic of Italy other than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely on this Base 
Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Norway 
Norway has implemented the Prospectus Regulation pursuant to chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Act of 29 
June 2007 no. 75, as amended, and chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Regulations of 29 June 2007 No. 876, as 
amended. Consequently, the selling restriction set out in the section entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors" above applies.  
Notes denominated in Norwegian Kroner issued by non-Norwegian issuers must be registered in the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depository (VPS) if the Notes are offered for sale in Norway, except in case of reverse solicitation. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers following a change in a 
relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer to retail investors of any of the Notes, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country 
or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or 
distributes this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefore.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED 
MARKET (OTHER THAN A REGULATED MARKET, OR SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED 
MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS) AND/OR OFFERED TO THE 
PUBLIC ON A NON-EXEMPT BASIS IN THE EEA OR IN THE UK 
 
[The Base Prospectus dated 12 June 2023 expires on 12 June 2024. The updated Base Prospectus shall be 
available for viewing free of charge on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of 
the Issuer (www.sfil.fr)]11 
 
 
[PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products, as 
amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]12 
[UK PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
[Insurance Distribution Directive / Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended], where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]13 
 
11 To be included in the case of a non-exempt offer which offer period expires after the expiry date of this Base Prospectus. 
12 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if either (a) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or (b) the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case this selling 
restriction should be included and item 10(viii) of Part B should be specified as being "Applicable". 
13  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if either (a) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or (b) the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case this selling 
restriction should be included and item 10(vii) of Part B should be specified as being "Applicable".

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
[14MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 201815, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market16] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
17 [18UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]19. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
20[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 201821, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID 
II")][MiFID II]; EITHER22 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]23 OR24 [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ 
non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
 
14  Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
15 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023   
16 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
17 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or 
the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
18 Legends to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
19 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
20 Legend to be included if the Notes are intended to be sold to retail clients. 
21 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023   
22 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex. 
23 The relevant channels for distribution shall be identified and chosen by the relevant Manufacturer(s). 
24 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are 
advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are 
not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]25. [Consider any negative target market26] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]27.]] 
28 29[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our 
approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER 30[and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services]31] OR 32[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]33. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]3435.]] 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 (Revised Edition 2020) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital 
markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
 
25 The relevant channels for distribution shall be identified and chosen by the relevant Manufacturer(s). 
26 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
27 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
28 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
29 Legend to be included if the Notes are intended to be sold to retail clients. 
30 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
31 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all channels 
of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
32 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness. 
33 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
34 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
35 Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not currently passported in the UK or 
approved by the FCA, an approval of this document or a drawdown approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail 
investors.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]36 
 
 
 
 
36 For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B of 
the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
 
Sfil 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300HFEHJOXGE4ZE63 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
(the "Notes") 
[to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the existing Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the "Existing Notes")] 
under the 
€15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of Sfil 
SERIES NO: [⚫] 
TRANCHE NO: [⚫] 
Issue Price: [⚫] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Manager(s)] 
 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so [(i) in those Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions mentioned in paragraph 2 of Part B below, provided such person is [an Authorised Offeror] in that 
paragraph and that such offer is made during the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and that any 
conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or (ii) otherwise] in circumstances in which 
no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation 
to such offer.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other 
circumstances.37 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, as amended.] 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 12 June 2023 which received approval number 23-211 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 12 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated 
[⚫] which received approval number 23-[⚫] from the AMF on [⚫]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") / the Prospectus Regulation].  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
 
37 Do not include if the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA retail investors" legend and/or the "Prohibition of Sales to UK retail investors" legend are 
included (because the notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared) and the related 
selling restriction is specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
relevant information. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus 
[and these Final Terms] 38 [is] [are] available for viewing free of charge on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.sfil.fr). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"), which are the [2016/2018/2019/2020/2021/2022] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by 
reference in the base prospectus dated 12 June 2023 which received approval number 23-211 from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 12 June 2023 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus 
dated [⚫] which received approval number [⚫] from the AMF on [⚫]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are 
offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") / the 
Prospectus Regulation].  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the 
relevant information (save in respect of section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by the 
[2016/2018/2019/2020/2021/2022] EMTN Conditions). A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these 
Final Terms. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] 39 [is] [are] available for viewing free of charge on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.sfil.fr). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
Sfil 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
series with the existing [insert description of the Series] 
issued by the Issuer on [insert date] (the "Existing Notes") 
as from the Issue Date of this Tranche.] 
3. 
Specified Currency40: 
[⚫] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination: 
[⚫] (one denomination only for the Notes)41 
 
38 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
39 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
40 Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes shall be made 
in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil). 
41  Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[⚫] [Specify/Issue Date/Not applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year]  
9. 
Interest Basis/Rate of Interest: 
[[⚫] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[⚫] 
month] 
[CMS 
Rate/EURIBOR//€STR 
/SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TEC10 or any other reference 
rate] [+/- [⚫] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[CPI 
Linked 
Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:42 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
11. 
Change of Interest or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
[Optional Change of Interest Date / Automatic Change of 
Interest Date: [⚫]] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating or floating to 
fixed rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there/Not applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call/Noteholder Put]/[Not applicable] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior Preferred 
(ii) 
Date of corporate authorisations 
for the issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
 
 
Resolution 
of 
the 
Board 
of 
Directors 
(Conseil 
d'administration) dated [⚫] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫]:] [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] in [arrear/advance]] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day"]/ not 
adjusted] 
 
42 Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one 
year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[⚫] per Specified Denomination/Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[⚫] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final Broken Amount(s) 
of interest which do not correspond with the Fixed Coupon 
Amount(s)) 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30/360-FBF / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / 
30E/360-FBF] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]/[Not applicable] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [•] to (but excluding) [•]:] [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the 
interest payable is discontinued, Condition 5(c)(iv)(D) 
provides for a methodology to determine the successor or 
alternative rate) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[⚫] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[⚫] (Not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Dates) 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[⚫]

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 5(c)(iv)(C)): 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
‒ 
Reference Rate: 
[CMS 
Rate/EURIBOR/€STR 
/SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TEC10 (or any other reference 
rate)] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of the first and/or last long or short interest 
period, insert the relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination) 
‒ 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[⚫] [[TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (if SOFR)] / [London Banking Days (if SONIA)] / 
[Zurich Banking Days (if SARON)]] prior to [the first day 
in each Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date] 
‒ 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this paragraph) 
‒ 
[Reference 
Banks 
(if 
Relevant Screen Page is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
 
[[⚫] (Specify four)]/[As per Condition 5(a)] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this paragraph)] 
‒ 
[Reference Currency: 
[⚫]] 
‒ 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre 
[⚫]] 
‒ 
[Designated Maturity: 
[⚫]] 
‒ 
[Specified Time: 
[⚫]] 
‒ 
[€STR 
Observation 
Look-Back Period: 
 
[[⚫] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
‒ 
[SARON 
Observation 
Look-Back Period: 
 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
‒ 
[SONIA 
Observation 
Look-Back Period: 
 
[[●] London Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
‒ 
[SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
[SONIA Shift Compound / SONIA Lookback Compound / 
SONIA Compounded Index]

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
‒ 
[SOFR 
Observation 
Look-Back Period: 
 
[[⚫] U.S. Government Securities Business Days (specify) / 
Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
‒ 
[SOFR Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / 
SOFR Index Average]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
‒ 
[SOFR 
Rate 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date 
in relation to the relevant Interest Accrual Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
‒ 
Floating Rate: 
[⚫] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of the first and/or last long or short interest 
period, insert the relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination) 
‒ 
Floating Rate 
Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Benchmark Events Technical 
Schedule published by the FBF in January 2020 are reliant 
upon the provisions by reference banks of offered 
quotations for Euribor which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time) 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
‒ 
ISDA Definitions: 
[●]/[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
‒ 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of the first and/or last long or short interest 
period, insert the relevant interest period(s) and the 
relevant two rates used for such determination) 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate Matrix 
(as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions))

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
‒ 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
‒ 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the ISDA Definitions are reliant upon 
the provisions by reference banks of offered quotations for 
EURIBOR which, depending on market circumstances, may 
not be available at the relevant time) 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is selected – otherwise, delete) 
‒ 
[Calculation Period: 
[⚫] 
‒ 
Fixing Day: 
[⚫] 
‒ 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date / [⚫]] 
‒ 
Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)(b) / [⚫]] 
‒ 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no 
number is specified, the applicable number of days shall be 
five (5) days) / Not applicable] 
‒ 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
oversight rate) 
‒ 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
‒ 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Lookback: [⚫]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be 
five (5)) 
‒ 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [⚫]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value will be 
five (5)) 
‒ 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
‒ 
Observation Period Shift 
Additional 
Business 
Days: 
 
[⚫] 
‒ 
Compounding 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant 
financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [⚫]]

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default applicable 
to the Floating Rate Option, the default value of the Lockout 
will be five (5)) 
‒ 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity and 
the Longer Designated and the Longer Designated 
Maturity, each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) / 
Not applicable] ] 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with the Condition 5(g)]/[[⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 43 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30/360-FBF / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / 
30E/360-FBF] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield 
(Condition 6(f)(i)): 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction 
(Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30/360-FBF / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / 
30E/360-FBF] 
17. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the interest due (if not 
the Calculation Agent): 
 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[⚫] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫] 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[⚫] 
(vi) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on 
[specify date] (amounting to: [⚫]) 
(vii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30/360-FBF / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / 
30E/360-FBF] 
 
43 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] (Note that this item relates to interest period end dates 
and not to the date and place of payment, to which item 24 
relates) 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with the Condition 5(g)]/[[⚫] per cent. per 
annum]44 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/ [⚫] per cent. per annum 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
 
As per the Conditions 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[⚫] per Specified Denomination] / [Not applicable] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[⚫] per Specified Denomination] / [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
 
[⚫] / [As per the Conditions] 
19. 
Noteholder Put Option 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
 
As per the Conditions 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[⚫] per Note of [[⚫] Specified Denomination/As provided 
below for Inflation Linked Notes, as the case may be]  
21. 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating 
to 
the 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Condition 6(e)): 
 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
[Condition 6(e) applies] 
 
44 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on 
[specify date] (amounting to [⚫]) 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[⚫] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[⚫] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, illegality 
or on event of default: 
 
[⚫]/ [As provided below for Inflation Linked Notes, as the 
case may be] 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating 
to the Early Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
[Condition 6(f)(ii) applies] 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable on 
[specify date] (amounting to [⚫]) 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[⚫] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[[⚫] / Not applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer form (au porteur)/ Registered form (au nominatif)] 
 
(Delete as appropriate) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not applicable/Applicable (if applicable please give name 
and details)] 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to Registered Notes only) 
24. 
[Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification of the holders of the Notes as 
provided by Condition 1(a): 
Applicable] 
25. 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
or 
other 
special 
provisions relating to payments dates: 
[Not applicable/give details]. (Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 15(vi) and 
17(ix) relate) 
(i) 
Adjusted 
Payment 
Date 
(Condition 7(d)): 
[The next following business day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which such event such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
business day.] [The immediately preceding business 
day]/[Other*] / [As per Condition 7(d)] 
26. 
Redenomination provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] apply] 
27. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 12(b)] apply] 
28. 
Masse (Condition 11): 
Issue outside France: [Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
Name and address of the Representative: [⚫] 
 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [⚫] 
 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration]/[The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [⚫]]. 
 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert the 
wording below: 
 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to 
such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all the powers, 
rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the 
provisions of the French Code de commerce. A 
Representative will be appointed as soon as the Notes are 
held by several Noteholders.]  
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [Non-Exempt Offer in the Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdiction] [and] [admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris of the Notes described herein] 
pursuant to the Euro 15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Notes Programme of the Issuer.  
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[⚫] has been extracted from 
[⚫]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by [⚫], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]*  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By: 
Duly authorised 
 
 
*  
In the market practice, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Notes is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following business day (as defined in Condition 7(h)). 
*  
To be added only where information provided by third parties is added to the Final Terms.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Paris/ other (specify)/none] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market, third country market, 
SME Growth Market or MTF] with effect from [⚫].] / 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[specify relevant regulated market, third country market, 
SME Growth Market or MTF] with effect from [⚫].] / 
[The Existing Notes are already admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of specify relevant regulated market] / 
[Not applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
 
[⚫] 
(iv) 
Additional publication of Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms 
 
[⚫] (See Condition 13 which provides that the Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms of Notes admitted to trading 
on any regulated market of the EEA will be published on 
the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers. Please 
provide for additional methods of publication in respect 
of an admission to trading on a regulated market other 
than on the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers) 
2. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
(Where the expected price at which Notes will be offered 
cannot be given, insert a description of the method of 
determining the price and the process for its disclosure) 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Offer Period (including any possible 
amendments): 
 
[specify] 
Description of the application process: 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application: 
 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
 
 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Process for notifying to applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
 
 
[Not applicable/give details] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes charged 
to the subscriber or purchaser: 
 
[Not applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs such 
that it is required to disclose information relating to costs 
and charges, also include that information) 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Prospectus 
during the Offer Period:  
 
[Not applicable / Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
 
[Not applicable / Name(s) and address(es) of the financial 
intermediary(ies) appointed by the Issuer to act as 
Authorised Offeror(s) including the legal entity identifier 
("LEI") where the Authorised Offeror has legal 
personality / Any financial intermediary which satisfies 
the conditions set out below in item "Conditions attached 
to the consent of the Issuer to use the Prospectus"] 
Conditions attached to the consent of the 
Issuer to use the Prospectus: 
 
[Not applicable / Where the Issuer has given a general 
consent to any financial intermediary to use the 
Prospectus, specify any additional conditions to those set 
out on pages 33 and 34 of the Base Prospectus or indicate 
"See conditions set out in the Base Prospectus".] 
3. 
RATINGS AND EURO EQUIVALENT  
Ratings: 
[Not applicable]/  
[Applicable: 
The Notes [are expected to be]/[have been] rated [AA] by 
S&P [and/or] [AA (high)] by DBRS [and/or] [Aa2] by 
Moody's.] 
 
[S&P: [⚫]] 
[Moody's: [⚫]] 
[DBRS: [⚫]] 
[Other: [⚫]] 
Each of S&P, Moody's, DBRS [and] [⚫] is established in 
the European Union and is registered under Regulation

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). [[Each of] [S&P] 
[and/,] [Moody's] [and/,] [DBRS] [and] [⚫] is appearing 
on the list of registered credit rating agencies published by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation).] 
[[Each of] [] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under the Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings agencies, 
as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), [[but the rating[s] 
given by [[each of] []] [has been/will be] endorsed by 
[] in accordance with the CRA Regulation]/[but [each 
of] []] is certified by [] which is established in the 
European Union, is registered under the CRA Regulation 
and is appearing on the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation).] 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by [[each of] [⚫]] may be 
used for regulatory purposes in the European Union in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
Euro equivalent: 
[Not applicable/Euro [⚫]] (Only applicable for Notes not 
denominated in Euro). The aggregate principal amount of 
Notes issued has been converted into Euro at the rate of 
[⚫], producing a sum of: [⚫] 
4. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers in France [has been requested to provide/has provided – include 
first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the 
Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities 
of host member states] with [a] certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [as 
supplemented] has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.]  
5. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the following statement: 
["Save as discussed in the section entitled ["Subscription and Sale"] of the Base Prospectus [and save for 
any fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Managers in connection with the issue of the 
Notes,] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer. "]/[⚫]

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
6. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY -YIELD 
 
Indication of yield [of Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Tranche]: 
[⚫] 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue 
Date. 
[(Only applicable for offer to the public 
pursuant to a non-exempt offer in France) 
[yield gap of [⚫] per cent. in relation to tax free 
French 
government 
bonds 
(obligations 
assimilables 
au 
Trésor 
(OAT)) 
of 
an 
equivalent duration]. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future yield.] 
7. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of [CMS Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TEC10 (or any other 
reference rate)] rates can be obtained [but not] free of charge from [[⚫]/give details of electronic means 
of obtaining the details of performance.]  
[Amounts 
payable 
under 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[CMS 
Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TEC10] rates which is provided by [⚫]. [As at [⚫], [⚫] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
(Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended) (the "Benchmarks Regulation").] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[⚫] is not required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [⚫] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
8. 
[Inflation Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING45  
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [⚫] 
(ii) 
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: 
[⚫] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
9. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, USE OF PROCEEDS, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND 
ESTIMATED TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and use of 
proceeds:  
 
[⚫]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer's 
general corporate purposes]/[The Notes constitute 
"[Green/Social/Sustainability] Notes" and the net 
proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance, in 
 
45 Required only for securities giving rise to payment or delivery obligations linked to an underlying asset to which Annex 17 to the Prospectus 
Delegated Regulation applies.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
whole or in part, [Eligible Green Loans/Eligible Health 
Loan Portfolio/Eligible Social Loans/Eligible Green 
Loans and Eligible Social Loans] as defined in the [Sfil 
Group Social Note Framework/Sfil Group Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework] [as published as of 
the Issue Date/as amended or supplemented from time 
to time] which is available on the website of the Issuer: 
[Include the direct link to the relevant Sfil Group Social 
Note Framework or Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework] 
 
[Describe specific loans and/or availability of the Social 
Second Party Opinion or the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Second Party Opinion and any relevant 
third-party opinions and/or where the information can 
be obtained, etc…]] 
 
*(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – 
if the reasons for the offer are different from financing 
and/or refinancing any new or existing eligible loans, 
they will need to be included here.)] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[⚫] 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended "use" and presented in order of 
priority of such "uses".) 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
 
(A) 
Names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments of Managers: 
 
[Not applicable/ [⚫] give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments]  
 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or on a "best efforts" 
basis if such entities are not the same as the Managers. 
Indication of the material features of the agreements, 
including the quotas. Where not all of the issue is 
underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered.) 
 
(B) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[⚫] 
(C) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) if any: 
[Not applicable / [⚫] (give name and address)] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Manager: 
 
[Not applicable / [⚫] (give name and address)]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(iv) 
Indication of the overall amount of 
the underwriting commission and 
of the placing commission: 
 
[[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche]/[Not applicable] 
(v) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors: 
 
[Not applicable/Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
EEA, "Not applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified and the legend entitled "Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" on the cover page of 
the Final Terms should be included. For the purpose of 
the above, a "packaged" product shall designate a 
"packaged retail investment product" which means in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of 
26 November 2014 an investment, where, regardless of 
the legal form of the investment, the amount repayable 
to the retail investor is subject to fluctuations because of 
exposure to reference values or to the performance of 
one or more assets which are not directly purchased by 
the retail investor) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK retail 
investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products 
and a key information document will be prepared in the 
UK, "Not applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Non-Exempt Offer: 
[Not applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made by 
the [Managers] [and [specify, if applicable]] other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in 
France ("Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction") during the 
period from [specify date] until [specify date] ("Offer 
Period"). See further Paragraph 2 of Part B above. 
11. 
[DERIVATIVES ONLY – OTHER  
 
Date of underwriting agreement: 
[⚫] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[⚫] 
Other markets on which securities of the 
same class of the Notes to be admitted to 
trading are already admitted to trading: 
 
[⚫] 
[Information on taxes on the income from the 
Notes withheld at source in the country where

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
admission to trading (other than in France) is 
sought: 
 
[⚫] 
12. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear France and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
[Not applicable/ [⚫] (give name(s) and number(s)][and 
addresses])] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Name and address of the Calculation 
Agent: 
[⚫] 
(vi) 
The Agents appointed in respect of 
the Notes are: 
 
[⚫] 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s): 
 
 
[Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg] / [⚫] 
(viii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[⚫] 
(ix) 
Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description of 
the main terms of their commitment. 
 
 
 
[Not applicable / [⚫] (give names(s), address(es) and 
description)]

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
[ANNEX ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY] 
 
[insert the issue specific summary]

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF NOTES WITH A 
DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST €100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED 
MARKET AND ISSUES OF NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED 
MARKET, OR SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED 
INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS 
 
PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as 
amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive") where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products, as 
amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the 
Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[46MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 201847, has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market48] 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
 
46 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 
2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023). 
47 Or item 19 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 27 March 2023 as from their application date, which is expected to be in October 2023 
48 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following 
lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of 
clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]49 
[50UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials") has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]51. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]52 
[SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001 (Revised Edition 2020) of Singapore (the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are [prescribed capital 
markets products]/[capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [Excluded]/[Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: 
Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).]53 
 
 
 
 
 
49    Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients 
50  The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
51    ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
52     Legends to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
53  For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
 
Sfil  
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300HFEHJOXGE4ZE63  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
(the "Notes") 
[to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the existing Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of Tranche] [Title of Notes] (the "Existing Notes")] 
under the 
€15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
of Sfil 
SERIES NO: [⚫] 
TRANCHE NO: [⚫] 
Issue Price: [⚫] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Manager(s)] 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 12 June 2023 which received approval number 23-211 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 12 June 2023 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated 
[⚫] which received approval number 23-[⚫] from the AMF on [⚫]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] 54 [is] [are] available for viewing free of charge 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.sfil.fr). 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under 
a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions"), which are the [2016/2018/2019/2020/2021/2022] EMTN Conditions which are incorporated by 
reference in the base prospectus dated 12 June 2023 which received approval number 23-211 from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 12 June 2023 [, as supplemented by the supplement(s) to the base prospectus 
dated [●] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the Notes for the purposes of Article 8.4 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the 
relevant information (save in respect of section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by the 
[2016/2018/2019/2020/2021/2022] EMTN Conditions). A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these 
 
54 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Final Terms. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms] 55 [is] [are] available for viewing free of charge on the 
website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.sfil.fr). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]  
1. 
Issuer: 
Sfil 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫]  
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and form a 
single series with the existing [insert description of the 
Series] issued by the Issuer on [insert date] (the 
"Existing Notes") as from the Issue Date of this 
Tranche.] 
3. 
Specified Currency56: 
[⚫] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible 
issues only, if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denomination: 
[⚫] (one denomination only for the Notes)57 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[⚫] [Specify/ Issue Date/Not applicable] 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] [Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year]  
9. 
Interest Basis/Rate of Interest: 
[[⚫] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[⚫] month] [CMS Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/SARON/ 
SOFR/SONIA/TEC10 (or any other reference rate)] [+/-
[⚫] per cent. Floating Rate]  
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
[CPI Linked Interest] 
[HICP Linked Interest] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
55 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
56 Please note that with respect to any domestic issue settled from an Issuer account situated in France, payments relating to Notes shall be made 
in euros (according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil). 
57  
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis:58 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Inflation Linked Redemption] 
11. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
[Optional Change of Interest Date / Automatic Change 
of Interest Date: [⚫]] 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating or floating to 
fixed rate change occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there/Not applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call/Noteholder Put]/[Not applicable] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior Preferred 
(ii) 
Date of corporate authorisations for 
the issuance of Notes obtained:  
 
Resolution of the Board of Directors (Conseil 
d'administration) dated [⚫] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫]:] [Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/other] in [arrear/advance]] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day"]/not 
adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[⚫] per Specified Denomination/Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount[(s)]: 
[⚫] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[⚫] 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final Broken 
Amount(s) of interest which do not correspond with the 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s)) 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30/360-FBF / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / 
30E/360-FBF] 
(vi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where 
Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
58  
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended, must have a minimum 
redemption amount of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(vii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(viii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]/[Not applicable]  
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[In respect of Fixed/Floating Rate Notes: from (and 
including) [⚫] to (but excluding) [⚫]:] [Applicable/Not 
applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(In the event where the benchmark used to calculate the 
interest payable is discontinued, Condition 5(c)(iv)(D) 
provides for a methodology to determine the successor 
or alternative rate) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[⚫] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[⚫] (Not applicable unless different from Interest 
Payment Dates) 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination (Condition 
5(c)(iv)(C)): 
 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
‒ 
Reference Rate: 
[CMS Rate / EURIBOR / €STR / SARON / SOFR / 
SONIA / TEC10 (or any other reference rate)] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
‒ 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
 
[⚫] [[TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency]] / [U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days (if SOFR)] / [London Banking Days (if 
SONIA)] / [Zurich Banking Days (if SARON)]] prior to

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
[the first day in each Interest Accrual Period/each 
Interest Payment Date] 
‒ 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this paragraph) 
‒ 
[Reference 
Banks 
(if 
Relevant Screen Page is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
[[⚫] (Specify four)]/[As per Condition 5(a)] 
(In the case of €STR or SOFR, delete this paragraph)] 
‒ 
[Reference Currency: 
[⚫]] 
‒ 
[Relevant Financial Centre 
[⚫]] 
‒ 
[Designated Maturity: 
[⚫]] 
‒ 
[Specified Time: 
[⚫]] 
‒ 
[€STR Observation Look-
Back Period: 
 
[[⚫] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
‒ 
[SARON Observation Look-
Back Period: 
 
[[●] Zurich Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SARON) 
‒ 
[SONIA Observation Look-
Back Period: 
 
[[●] London Banking Days / Not applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
‒ 
[SONIA Rate of Interest 
Determination: 
[SONIA 
Shift 
Compound 
/ 
SONIA 
Lookback 
Compound / SONIA Compounded Index] 
(only applicable in the case of SONIA) 
‒ 
[SOFR Observation Look-
Back Period: 
 
[[⚫] U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
(specify) / Not applicable] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
‒ 
[SOFR 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Determination: 
 
[SOFR Arithmetic Mean / SOFR Lockout Compound / 
SOFR Lookback Compound / SOFR Shift Compound / 
SOFR Index Average]] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR)

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
‒ 
[SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
 
The day that is the [second / [●]] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the Interest Payment 
Date in relation to the relevant Interest Accrual Period.] 
(only applicable in the case of SOFR) 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
‒ 
Floating Rate: 
[⚫] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
‒ 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination 
du Taux Variable): 
 
 
[⚫] 
 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to FBF 
Determination under the Benchmark Events Technical 
Schedule published by the FBF in January 2020 are 
reliant upon the provisions by reference banks of offered 
quotations for Euribor which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time) 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable](If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
‒ 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions] / [2021 ISDA Definitions] 
‒ 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
(If "2021 ISDA Definitions" is selected, ensure this is a 
Floating Rate Option included in the Floating Rate 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
‒ 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
‒ 
Reset Date: 
[⚫] 
(N.B. the fallback provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the ISDA Definitions are reliant 
upon the provisions by reference banks of offered 
quotations for EURIBOR which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time) 
(Sub-paragraphs below only relevant if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is selected – otherwise, delete) 
‒ 
[Calculation Period: 
[⚫]

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
‒ 
Fixing Day: 
[⚫] 
‒ 
Effective Date: 
[Interest Commencement Date / [⚫]] 
‒ 
Termination Date: 
[As per Condition 5(c)(iv)(B)(b) / [⚫]] 
‒ 
Delayed Payment: 
[Applicable[: specify applicable number of days] (if no 
number is specified, the applicable number of days shall 
be five (5) days) / Not applicable] 
‒ 
Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
(Only applicable where the Floating Rate Option is an 
oversight rate) 
‒ 
OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
‒ 
Compounding 
with 
Lookback: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Lookback: [⚫]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
‒ 
Compounding 
with 
Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
[Observation Period Shift: [⚫]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
will be five (5)) 
‒ 
Set in Advance: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
‒ 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
[⚫] 
‒ 
Compounding with Lockout: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Day: [specify the relevant 
financial center(s)] 
[Lockout: [⚫]] 
(If no number is specified, and there is no default 
applicable to the Floating Rate Option, the default value 
of the Lockout will be five (5)) 
‒ 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Linear Interpolation 
[Applicable (specify the Shorter Designated Maturity 
and the Longer Designated and the Longer Designated 
Maturity, each as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions) 
/ Not applicable] ] 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum]/[Not applicable] 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with the Condition 5(g)]/[[⚫] per cent. 
per annum]59 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum] 
 
59 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30/360-FBF / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / 
30E/360-FBF] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation 
Yield 
(Condition 6(f)(i)): 
 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30/360-FBF / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / 
30E/360-FBF] 
17. 
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Calculation Agent responsible for 
calculating the interest due (if not the 
Calculation Agent): 
 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[⚫] 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[⚫] 
(v) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[⚫] 
(vi) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to: [⚫]) 
(vii) 
Rate of Interest: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum multiplied by the Inflation Index 
Ratio 
(viii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/365 / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 
30/360 / 30/360-FBF / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA) / 
30E/360-FBF] 
(ix) 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] (Note that this item relates to interest period end 
dates and not to the date and place of payment, to which 
item 24 relates) 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[In accordance with the Condition 5(g)]/[[⚫] per cent. 
per annum]60 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not applicable]/[⚫] per cent. per annum 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
18. 
Issuer Call Option 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
 
60 
[In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.]

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
 
As per the Conditions 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[⚫] per Specified Denomination] / [Not applicable] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
[[⚫] per Specified Denomination] / [Not applicable] 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
 
[⚫] / [As per the Conditions] 
19. 
Noteholder Put Option 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
 
As per the Conditions 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[⚫] 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[⚫] per Note of [[⚫] Specified Denomination/As 
provided below for Inflation Linked Notes, as the case 
may be]  
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
the 
Final 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Condition 6(e)): 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Final Redemption Amount in respect 
of Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
[Condition 6(e) applies] 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to [⚫]) 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[⚫] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[⚫] 
21. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons, illegality or on 
event of default: 
 
 
[⚫] / [As provided below for Inflation Linked Notes, as 
the case may be] 
Inflation Linked Notes – Provisions relating to 
the Early Redemption Amount: 
 
[Applicable / Not applicable]

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Index: 
[CPI/HICP] 
(ii) 
Early Redemption Amount in respect 
of Inflation Linked Notes: 
 
[Condition 6(f)(ii) applies] 
(iii) 
Base Reference: 
[CPI/HICP] Daily Inflation Reference Index applicable 
on [specify date] (amounting to [⚫]) 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Ratio: 
[⚫] 
(v) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
 
 
[[⚫] / Not applicable] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer form (au porteur) / Registered form (au 
nominatif)] 
Registration Agent: 
[Not applicable/Applicable (if applicable please give 
name and details)] 
 
(Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed in 
relation to Registered Notes only) 
23. 
[Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification of the holders of the Notes as 
provided by Condition 1(a): 
Applicable] 
24. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special provisions 
relating to payments dates: 
 
[Not applicable/give details] (Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 15(vi) and 
17(ix) relate) 
(i) 
Adjusted 
Payment 
Date 
(Condition 7(d)): 
 
[The next following business day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which such event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding business day.] [The immediately preceding 
business day]/[Other*] / [As per Condition 7(d)] 
25. 
Redenomination provisions: 
 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
26. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not applicable/The provisions [in Condition 12(b)] 
apply] 
27. 
Masse (Condition 11): 
 
 
*  
In the market practice, if any date for payment in respect of Fixed Rate Notes is not a business day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following business day (as defined in Condition 7(h)).

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
 
Name and address of the Representative: [⚫] 
 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [⚫] 
 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration]/[The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [⚫]]. 
 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert the 
wording below: 
 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, and 
unless a Representative has been appointed in relation to 
such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all the 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by 
the provisions of the French Code de commerce. A 
Representative will be appointed as soon as the Notes are 
held by several Noteholders.]  
PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue [and] [admission to trading on the regulated market of 
Euronext Paris of the Notes described herein] pursuant to the Euro 15,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Notes 
Programme of the Issuer. 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [[⚫] has been extracted from 
[⚫]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by [⚫], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]* 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer 
By:  
 
 
Duly authorised 
 
*  
To be added only where information provided by third parties is added to the Final Terms.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION  
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext Paris/ other (specify)/none] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be listed and admitted to trading 
on [specify relevant regulated market and also any third 
country market, SME Growth Market or MTF] with 
effect from [⚫].] / [Application is expected to be made 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [specify relevant regulated 
market] with effect from [⚫].] / [The Existing Notes are 
already admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
specify relevant regulated market and also any third 
country market, SME Growth Market or MTF] / [Not 
applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
 
[⚫] 
(iv) 
Additional publication of Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms 
 
[⚫] (See Condition 13 which provides that the Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms of Notes admitted to trading 
on any regulated market of the EEA will be published on 
the website of the Autorité des marchés financiers. 
Please provide for additional methods of publication in 
respect of an admission to trading on a regulated market 
other than website of the Autorité des marchés 
financiers) 
2. 
RATINGS AND EURO EQUIVALENT  
Ratings: 
[Not applicable]/  
[Applicable: 
The Notes [are expected to be]/[have been] rated [AA] by 
S&P [and/or] [AA (high)] by DBRS [and/or] [Aa2] by 
Moody's.].  
[S&P: [⚫]] 
[Moody's: [⚫]] 
[DBRS: [⚫]] 
[Other: [⚫]] 
Each of S&P, Moody's, DBRS [and] [⚫] is established in 
the European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings 
agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). [[Each 
of] [S&P] [and/,] [Moody's] [and/,] [DBRS] [and] [⚫] is 
appearing on the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation).] 
[[Each of] [] is not established in the European Union 
and has not applied for registration under the Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit ratings 
agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), [[but the 
rating[s] given by [[each of] []] [has been/will be] 
endorsed by [] in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation]/[but [each of] []] is certified by [] which 
is established in the European Union, is registered under 
the CRA Regulation and is appearing on the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation).] 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by [[each of] [⚫]] may be 
used for regulatory purposes in the European Union in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if it has previously been published by rating 
provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
Euro equivalent: 
 
 
[Not applicable/Euro [⚫]] (Only applicable for Notes not 
denominated in Euro). The aggregate principal amount 
of Notes issued has been converted into Euro at the rate 
of [⚫], producing a sum of: [⚫] 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The Autorité des marchés financiers in France [has been requested to provide/has provided – include first 
alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the establishment or update of the Programme and 
the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of competent authorities of host member 
states] with [a] certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus [as supplemented] has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the following statement: 
["Save as discussed in the section entitled ["Subscription and Sale"] of the Base Prospectus [and save for 
any fees of [insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to the Managers in connection with the issue of the 
Notes,] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to 
the offer. "]/[⚫] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
5. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY -YIELD

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Indication of yield [of Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Tranche]: 
[⚫] 
 
Calculated as [include details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date. 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
6. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY –BENCHMARK 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [CMS Rate/EURIBOR/€STR/ 
SARON/SOFR/SONIA/TEC10] rates which is provided by [⚫]. [As at [⚫], [⚫] [appears/does not appear] 
on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, 
as amended) (the "Benchmarks Regulation").] [As far as the Issuer is aware, [[⚫] is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the [Benchmarks Regulation]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [⚫] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration.]] 
7. 
[Inflation Linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF INDEX AND OTHER INFORMATION 
CONCERNING THE UNDERLYING 
(i) 
Name of underlying index: [⚫] 
(ii) 
Information about the index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained: [⚫] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be 
reported and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
8. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) Reasons for the offer:  
 
[⚫]*/[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer's 
general corporate purposes]/[The Notes constitute 
"[Green/Social/Sustainability] Notes" and the net 
proceeds will be used to finance and/or refinance, in 
whole or in part, [Eligible Green Loans/Eligible Health 
Loan Portfolio/Eligible Social Loans/Eligible Green 
Loans and Eligible Social Loans] as defined in the [Sfil 
Group Social Note Framework/Sfil Group Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework] [as published as of 
the Issue Date/as amended or supplemented from time to 
time] which is available on the website of the Issuer: 
[Include the direct link to the relevant Sfil Group Social 
Note Framework or Sfil Group Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework] 
 
[Describe specific loans and/or availability of the Social 
Second Party Opinion or the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Second Party Opinion and any relevant 
third party opinions and/or where the information can be 
obtained, etc…]] 
 
*(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – 
if the reasons for the offer are different from financing 
and/or refinancing any new or existing eligible loans, 
they will need to be included here.)] 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫]

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding.) 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION  
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated:  
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[⚫] 
[Not applicable/give name] 
(B) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Manager: 
[Not applicable/give name]  
(iv) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[Reg S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
10. 
[DERIVATIVES ONLY – OTHER  
 
Date of underwriting agreement: 
[⚫] 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[⚫] 
Other markets on which securities of the same 
class of the Notes to be admitted to trading are 
already admitted to trading: 
 
[⚫] 
[Information on taxes on the income from the 
Notes withheld at source in the country where 
admission to trading (other than in France) is 
sought: 
 
 
[⚫]] 
11. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear France and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
[Not applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Name and address of the Calculation 
Agent: 
 
[⚫] 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of initial Paying 
Agent(s): 
 
 
[Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg] / [⚫] 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[⚫] 
(viii) 
Name and address of the entities 
which have a firm commitment to act

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
as intermediaries in secondary 
trading, providing liquidity through 
bid and offer rates and description of 
the main terms of their commitment: 
 
 
[Not 
applicable/give 
names(s), 
address(es) 
and 
description]

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
AMF approval, admission to trading and non-exempt offer 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus 
to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as 
amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and has received approval number 23-211 on 12 June 2023.  
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made for the Notes during a period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market and/or the 
offer to the public of Notes pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 
12 June 2024, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy 
relating to the information contained (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect 
the assessment of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. 
2. 
Corporate authorisations 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France in 
connection with the update of the Programme. 
Under French law, any drawdown of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute 
obligations, requires the prior authorisation of the Board of Directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer 
which may delegate its powers to an authorised officer. 
For this purpose, on 24 March 2023, the Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration) of the Issuer (i) 
authorised for a period of one year from 24 March 2023 the issue of notes and assimilated debt securities 
(obligations et titres assimilés) up to €3,000,000,000 per financial year and (ii) delegated, the power to issue 
such notes and assimilated debt securities (obligations et titres assimilés) (x) to Mr. Philippe Mills, Directeur 
Général of the Issuer, to Mr. Francois Laugier, Directeur Général Adjoint of the Issuer and to Mr. Florent 
Lecinq, Directeur finance et marchés financiers of the Issuer and (y) up to €1,000,000,000 per issue, to Mr. 
Olivier Eudes, Directeur ALM et marchés financiers of the Issuer, each with the capacity to act separately. 
3. 
Issuer's LEI 
The LEI of the Issuer is 549300HFEHJOXGE4ZE63.  
4. 
Clearing 
Notes will be accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems which are entities in 
charge of keeping the records. The Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary). The Notes which 
are in registered form (au nominatif) will be also inscribed either with the Issuer or with the registration agent. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium, the address of Clearstream 
is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg and the address 
of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
5. 
Significant change in the Issuer's financial position or financial performance  
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 
31 December 2022 (being the date of its last financial period for which financial information has been 
published). 
6. 
No material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022 (being the 
date of its last financial period for which financial information has been published and audited). 
7. 
Litigation 
Except as disclosed in the paragraph entitled "6. LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS" of the 
"Description of the Issuer" section on pages 112 and 113 of this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any 
member of the Sfil Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the 
period of twelve (12) months immediately preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or the Sfil Group's financial position or 
profitability.  
8. 
Issuer's website 
The website of the Issuer is www.sfil.fr. The information on any website included in this Base Prospectus 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF, unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
9. 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which 
could result in any member of the Sfil Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders in respect of the Notes.  
10. 
Documents available 
So long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be 
available, free of charge during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer and, except for the document referred to in sub-paragraph (i) 
below, on the website of the Issuer (www.sfil.fr):  
(i) 
the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement; 
(ii) 
the up to date by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the most recently published audited annual financial statements and interim financial statements of the 
Issuer; 
(iv) 
the Final Terms for Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or admitted to trading on any 
other Regulated Market and/or offered to the public pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer in a Member 
State of the EEA; 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus or further base 
prospectus; 
(vi) 
any document incorporated by reference; and  
(vii) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time and the Final Terms 
relating to any issue of Notes admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public 
pursuant to a Non-Exempt Offer in a Member State of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
are also available on the websites of the Issuer (www.sfil.fr, for at least ten years as from the Issue Date of 
such Notes) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
11. 
Auditors 
KPMG S.A. (Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta, 92066 Paris-La-Défense Cedex, France) and 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (63, rue de Villiers, 92200 Neuilly sur Seine, France) have audited and 
rendered unqualified audit opinions in their reports on the annual financial statements of the Issuer for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
The French auditors carry out their duties in accordance with the principles of Compagnie Nationale des 
Commissaires aux Comptes (CNCC).  
12. 
Rating 
The long term senior debt of the Issuer has been assigned a rating of AA by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P"), Aa2 by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's") and AA (high) by DBRS Ratings GmbH 
("DBRS"). Notes issued under the Programme may be unrated or rated differently from the current ratings of 
the Issuer or of its long term senior debt. The rating (if any) of Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Each of S&P, Moody's and DBRS is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA 
Regulation. Each of S&P, Moody's and DBRS is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
13. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
14. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain statements that are forward-looking including statements with 
respect to the Issuer's business strategies, expansion and growth of operations, trends in its business, 
competitive advantage, and technological and regulatory changes, information on exchange rate risk and 
generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words believe, expect, project, 
anticipate, seek, estimate or similar expressions. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the 
forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. These forward looking 
statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the Prospectus Regulation. 
15. 
Stabilisation Manager 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, 
Denomination, Title and Redenomination"), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the "Stabilisation Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) 
in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty 
(60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-
allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
16. 
Third Party Information 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by reference has 
been extracted from sources specified in the sections where such information appears. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by the above sources, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. The Issuer has also identified the source(s) of such 
information. 
17. 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", "Euro", 
"EUR" or "euro" are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended, references to 
"£", "pounds sterling", "GBP" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to 
"$", "USD" and "U.S. Dollars" are to the lawful currency of the United States of America and references to 
"CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency of Switzerland. 
18. 
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Notes bearing floating rates of interest may be calculated by reference to 
"Benchmarks" such as CMS Rate, EURIBOR, €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA, TEC 10 or any other reference 
rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Benchmark"), in accordance with Regulation (EU) 
no. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Notes bearing floating rates of interest will 
specify the relevant Benchmark, the relevant Benchmark administrator and whether such Benchmark 
administrator appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, 
save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the relevant 
Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
19. 
Taxation  
Payments of interest on the Notes, or profits realised by a Noteholder upon the disposal or repayment of the 
Notes, may be subject to taxation in its home jurisdiction or in other jurisdictions in which it is required to 
pay taxes.  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes 
are transferred or other jurisdictions, including the jurisdiction of the investor and the Issuer's jurisdiction of 
incorporation, or in accordance with any applicable double tax treaty, which may have an impact on the 
income received from the Notes. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court 
decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask 
for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the subscription, acquisition, 
holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider the 
specific situation of the potential investor.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I declare, to the best of my knowledge, that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
Sfil 
112-114 avenue Emile Zola, 75015 Paris 
France 
Represented by  
Mr. Florent Lecinq 
Directeur finance et marchés financiers 
Duly authorised 
on 12 June 2023 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 12 June 2023 and is valid until 12 June 2024 and shall, during 
this period and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed 
by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or 
inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°23-211.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
Registered office of the Issuer 
Sfil 
112-114, avenue Emile Zola 
75015 Paris 
France 
Arranger  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
Permanent Dealers  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank 
12, place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052  
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
Marienturm, Taunusanlage 9-10  
D-60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
HSBC Continental Europe  
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (Taunus Turm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
La Banque Postale 
115, rue de Sèvres 
75275 Paris Cedex 06 
France 
 
Landesbank Baden-Wurttemberg 
Am Hauptbahnhof 2 
D-70173 Stuttgart 
Germany 
 
Morgan Stanley Europe SE 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18 
60312 Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany  
 
Natixis 
7, promenade Germaine Sablon 
75013 Paris 
France  
 
NatWest Markets NV 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
1082 MD Amsterdam 
Netherlands

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH  
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
Société Générale 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
UniCredit Bank AG 
Arabellastr. 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, 
Redenomination Agent, Consolidation Agent 
and Calculation Agent 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg, société anonyme 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg  
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Auditors to the Issuer  
 
KPMG S.A. 
Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta 
92066 Paris-La-Défense Cedex 
France 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92200 Neuilly sur Seine 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
 
CMS Francis Lefebvre Avocats 
2, rue Ancelle 
 
Linklaters LLP 
25, rue de Marignan 
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
75008 Paris 
France 
France