--- Page 1 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Bookrunners: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Co-Manager: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hamilton (Bermuda), 24 September 2021

--- Page 2 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for SFL Corporation Ltd. (the 
“Company”, “SFL Corporation” or “we”). 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 2 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners and the Co-Manager, 
available at their websites (www.arctic.com, www.dnb.no, www.paretosec.com and www.smbcnikko-cm.com).  
 
The Joint Bookrunners and the Co-Manager and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and 
employees may be a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base 
Prospectus and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. 
The Joint Bookrunners' and the Co-Manager’s corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager 
for this Company in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated 24 September 2021 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these 
documents constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................4 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 13 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 14 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 15 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 16 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 17 
7 ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE ........................................................................................ 19 
8 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 20 
9 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 22 
10 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................ 25 
11 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 26 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 28 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 29 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 39 
JOINT BOOKRUNNERS' AND CO-MANAGER’S DISCLAIMER ...................................................... 40 
ANNEX 1 MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION .................................................... 41 
ANNEX 2 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 42 
ANNEX 3 SUBSIDIARIES .................................................................................................... 43 
ANNEX 4 COMPLETE FLEET LIST .......................................................................................... 46 
ANNEX 5 CONTRACTED CHARTER BACKLOG ......................................................................... 48

--- Page 4 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by SFL Corporation Ltd. involves inherent risks.   
 
As the Company is the parent company of the Group, and a holding company, the risk factors for the Group are 
deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s business, 
financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, and the Company could 
be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the bonds. Prospective investors 
should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus, before making an 
investment decision. The risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms cover the Company and 
the bonds issued by the Company, respectively. 
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. Any investor must conduct its own 
investigations and analysis of the Company and should consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability 
of any investment. 
 
  
1.1 Risks related to the Company 
1.1.1 Market risk 
Cyclicality and volatility within the maritime industry may lead to reduced revenues and profitability 
The international seaborne transportation industry is both cyclical and volatile in terms of charter rates and 
profitability. The degree of charter rate volatility for vessels has varied widely. Fluctuations in charter rates result 
from changes in the supply and demand for vessel capacity and changes in the supply and demand for energy 
resources, commodities, semi-finished and finished consumer and industrial products internationally carried at sea. 
The supply of vessels generally increases with deliveries of new vessels and decreases with the scrapping of older 
vessels, conversion of vessels to other uses, such as floating production and storage facilities, and loss of tonnage 
as a result of casualties. If the Company enters into a charter when charterhire rates are low, the Company’s 
revenues and earnings will be adversely affected. In addition, a decline in charterhire rates is likely to cause the 
market value of the Company’s vessels to decline. The Company cannot assure that it will be able to successfully 
charter its vessels in the future or renew its existing charters at rates sufficient to allow it to operate its business 
profitably, or a reduced or unprofitable rates or may not be able to charter its vessels at all, meet its obligations or 
pay dividends to its shareholders. The factors affecting the supply and demand for vessels are outside of the 
Company’s control, and the nature, timing and degree of changes in industry conditions are unpredictable. 
 
Factors that influence demand for vessel capacity include: 
 
• 
supply and demand for energy resources, commodities, semi-finished and finished consumer and industrial 
products; 
• 
changes in the exploration for and production of energy resources, commodities, semi- finished and finished 
consumer and industrial products; 
• 
the location of regional and global production and manufacturing facilities; 
• 
the location of consuming regions for energy resources, commodities, semi-finished and finished consumer 
and industrial products; 
• 
the globalization of production and manufacturing; 
• 
global and regional economic and political conditions, including armed conflicts, terrorist activities, embargoes 
and strikes; 
• 
economic slowdowns caused by public health events such as the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; 
• 
developments in international trade; 
• 
changes in seaborne and other transportation patterns, including the distance cargo is transported by sea; 
• 
environmental and other regulatory developments; 
• 
currency exchange rates; and 
• 
weather and natural disasters. 
 
Factors that influence the supply of vessel capacity include:

--- Page 5 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5
• 
the number of newbuilding deliveries; 
• 
the scrapping rate of older vessels; 
• 
conversion of vessels to other uses, such as floating production and storage facilities; 
• 
the price of steel and vessel equipment; 
• 
changes in environmental and other regulations that may limit the useful lives of vessels; 
• 
vessel casualties; 
• 
the number of vessels that are out of service; and 
• 
port or canal congestion. 
 
Demand for the Company’s vessels and charter rates are dependent upon, among other things, seasonal and 
regional changes in demand and changes to the capacity of the world fleet. The Company believe the capacity of 
the world fleet is likely to increase, and there can be no assurance that global economic growth will be at a rate 
sufficient to utilize this new capacity. Continued adverse economic, political or social conditions or other 
developments could further negatively impact charter rates, and therefore have a material adverse effect on the 
Company’s business, results of operations and ability to pay dividends. 
 
The charter-free market value of the Company’s vessels and drilling units may increase or decrease depending on 
the level of supply and demand for vessels and drilling units. Furthermore, the charter-free market value may be 
affected by a number of other factors, including, but not limited to, the prevailing level of charter rates and dayrates, 
general economic and market conditions affecting the international shipping and offshore drilling industries, types, 
sizes and ages of vessels and drilling units, availability of or developments in other modes of transportation, 
competition from other companies, cost of newbuildings, governmental or other regulations and technological 
advances. 
 
Seadrill’s Chapter 11 filing could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition 
and results of operations, as well as its ability to pay dividends 
Two subsidiaries of the Company, namely SFL Hercules Ltd. and SFL Linus Ltd. (collectively referred to as the "Rig 
Owners") have leased two drilling units to two subsidiaries of Seadrill Limited, namely Seadrill Offshore AS and 
North Atlantic Linus Charterer Ltd. (collectively referred to as the "Seadrill Charterers").  
 
The performance of the Seadrill Charterers under the mentioned leases is guaranteed by Seadrill Limited, Seadrill 
Rig Holding Company Ltd. and Seadrill Treasury UK Limited. Lower offshore oil exploration drilling activity since 
the fall of 2018 have resulted in reduced demand for drilling units, which has adversely affected the Seadrill 
Charterers' ability to secure drilling contracts and, therefore, their ability to make lease payments to the Rig Owners.  
According to public filings, Seadrill and most of its subsidiaries, including the Seadrill Charterers, have filed for 
Chapter 11 cases in the Southern District of Texas, USA (the "Chapter 11 Proceedings"). In connection with the 
Chapter 11 Proceedings, the relevant Rig Owners entered into interim funding agreements (the "Interim Funding 
Agreements") relating to the two drilling rigs that are chartered to subsidiaries of Seadrill to ensure uninterrupted 
performance on the sub-charters to oil majors. The Interim Funding Agreements have been sanctioned by the 
bankruptcy court pursuant to a cash collateral order entered on 9 March 2021. Pursuant to the Interim Funding 
Agreements, the relevant Seadrill Charterers will be allowed to use funds received from the respective sub-
charterers of the rigs West LinusIn exchange, SFL Linus Ltd. will receive approximately 73% of the lease hire under 
the existing charter agreements for West Linus for the duration of the Interim Funding Agreements. The agreed 
amounts are sufficient to cover the full debt service relating to the rig. Any excess amounts paid under the above 
referenced sub-charters will remain in Seadrill’s earnings accounts, which are pledged to the relevant Rig Owners. 
In August 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to its existing charter agreement relating to West 
Hercules. Under the amendment agreement with Seadrill, the West Hercules is contracted to be employed with an 
oil major until the second half of 2022, and thereafter redelivered to SFL in Norway. Pursuant to the amendment 
agreement, SFL has agreed to receive bareboat hire of (i) approximately $64,700 per day until the earlier of Seadrill 
emerging from Chapter 11 and January 15, 2022 (ii) thereafter approximately $60,000 per day while the rig is 
employed under a contract and generating revenues for Seadrill and approximately $40,000 in all other modes, 
including when the rig is idle. Seadrill’s assumptions of the amended agreement has been approved by the 
bankruptcy court. 
 
Seadrill’s failure to pay hire under the leases for the Company’s drilling rigs when due, along with certain other 
events, including the commencement of the Chapter 11 Proceedings, constitute events of default under such leases 
and the related financing agreements. Unless cured or waived, an event of default under these lease agreements 
or related financing agreements could result in enforcement of the applicable provisions thereunder, which along 
with non-payment of amounts owed under the leases and/or a negative result under the Chapter 11 Proceedings, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and results of operations, as well 
as its ability to pay dividends. While no assurances can be provided with regards to the outcome of Seadrill’s 
Chapter 11 Proceedings, SFL continues to have constructive dialogue with Seadrill and the relevant financing banks 
to find a long term solution for the West Linus.

--- Page 6 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6
Financial instability may result in reduced access to credit and may disable us from repaying all of our 
obligations, including interest payments on the Bonds 
Global financial markets and economic conditions have been, and continue to be, volatile. Beginning in February 
2020, due in part to fears associated with the spread of COVID-19 (as more fully described below), global financial 
markets experienced volatility and a steep and abrupt downturn followed by a recovery, which volatility may continue 
as the COVID-19 pandemic continues. Credit markets and the debt and equity capital markets have been distressed 
and the uncertainty surrounding the future of the global credit markets has resulted in reduced access to credit 
worldwide, particularly for the shipping industry. 
 
The amount of available capital from commercial lenders remains below levels seen before the global financial 
crisis. There has been a general decline in the willingness by banks and other financial institutions to extend credit, 
particularly in the shipping industry, due to the historically volatile asset values of vessels. As the shipping industry 
is highly dependent on the availability of credit to finance and expand operations, it has been and may continue to 
be negatively affected by this decline. 
 
The Company has significant indebtedness outstanding under its NOK700 million Senior Unsecured Bonds due 
2023, NOK700 million Senior Unsecured Bonds due 2024, NOK600 million Senior Unsecured Bonds due 2025, 
5.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2021 and 4.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2023. The Company has also 
entered into bank loan facilities that it has used to refinance existing indebtedness and to acquire additional vessels. 
The Company may need to refinance some or all of its indebtedness on maturity of its convertible notes, bonds or 
bank loan facilities, to acquire additional vessels in the future or for general corporate purposes. The Company 
cannot assure that it will be able to do so on terms acceptable to itself or at all, and as a result of concerns about 
the stability of financial markets generally and the solvency of counterparties specifically, the availability and cost 
of obtaining money from the credit markets has become more difficult as many lenders have increased interest 
rates, enacted tighter lending standards, refused to refinance existing debt at all or on terms similar to current debt 
and reduced, and in some cases ceased, to provide funding to borrowers. Due to these factors, we cannot be 
certain that financing will be available if or when needed and to the extent required on acceptable terms. If financing 
is not available when needed, or is available only on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to meet our obligations 
as they come due or we may be unable to enhance our existing business, complete additional vessel acquisitions, 
otherwise take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, or the Company will have to dedicate some or all 
of its cash flows, and it may be required to sell some of its assets, to pay the principal and interest on its 
indebtedness. 
 
Further, the Company’s debt service obligations require the Company to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash 
flows from operations to required payments on indebtedness and could limit its ability to obtain additional financing, 
make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and carry out other general corporate activities in the future. These 
obligations may also limit the Company’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the 
shipping and offshore industry or detract from its ability to successfully withstand a downturn in its business or the 
economy generally. This may place the Company at a competitive disadvantage to other less leveraged 
competitors. 
 
The uncertainty surrounding the future of the credit markets in the United States, Europe and the rest of the world 
has resulted in increased risk related to access to credit worldwide. As of December 31, 2020 had total outstanding 
indebtedness of $1.8 billion under our various credit facilities and bond loans, including our equity-accounted 
subsidiaries and a further $0.6 billion of financial lease obligations.  
 
Risks of terrorism and political and social unrest could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay coupons, debt installments and/or 
dividends 
Continuing conflicts and recent developments in the Middle East, parts of Africa and elsewhere, and the presence 
of United States and other armed forces in Afghanistan and other countries, may lead to additional acts of terrorism 
and armed conflict around the world, which may contribute to further economic instability in the global financial 
markets. These uncertainties could also adversely affect the Company’s ability to obtain financing on terms 
acceptable to itself or at all. In the past, political conflicts have also resulted in attacks on vessels, mining of 
waterways and other efforts to disrupt international shipping, particularly in the Arabian Gulf region. Acts of terrorism 
and piracy have also affected vessels trading in regions such as the South China Sea the Gulf of Aden off the coast 
of Somalia and off the coast of Nigeria. Any of these occurrences, or the perception that the Company’s vessels 
are potential terrorist targets, could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations and ability to pay coupons, debt installments and/or dividends.

--- Page 7 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7
Uncertainties regarding the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic are likely to result in sustained 
market turmoil, which could also negatively impact the Company's business, financial condition and cash 
flows  
Since the beginning of calendar year 2020, the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, which originated in China in late 
2019 and subsequently spread around the world, has negatively affected economic conditions, the supply chain, 
the labor market, the demand for shipping regionally as well as globally and may otherwise impact the Company's 
operations and the operations of the Company's customers and suppliers. If the COVID-19 pandemic continues on 
a prolonged basis or becomes more severe, the adverse impact on the global economy and the rate environment 
for tankers, containerships, dry bulk and other cargo vessels may deteriorate further and the Company's operations 
and cash flows may be negatively impacted. The extent of COVID-19’s impact on the Company's financial and 
operational results, which could be material, will depend on the length of time that the pandemic continues and 
whether subsequent waves of the infection happen. Uncertainties regarding the economic impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic are likely to result in sustained market turmoil, which could also negatively impact the Company's 
business, financial condition and cash flows.  
At this stage, it is difficult to determine the full impact of COVID-19 on the Company's business. Effects of the current 
pandemic have or may include, among others: 
 
• 
deterioration of economic conditions and activity and of demand for shipping; 
• 
operational disruptions to us or our customers due to worker health risks and the effects of new 
regulations, directives or practices implemented in response to the pandemic (such as travel 
restrictions for individuals and vessels and quarantining and physical distancing); 
• 
potential delays in (a) the loading and discharging of cargo on or from the Company's vessels, (b) 
vessel inspections and related certifications by class societies, customers or government 
agencies and (c) maintenance, modifications or repairs to, or drydocking of, the Company's 
existing vessels due to worker health or other business disruptions; 
• 
reduced cash flow and financial condition, including potential liquidity constraints; 
• 
credit tightening or declines in global financial markets, including to the prices of the Company's 
publicly traded securities and the securities of the Company's peers, could make it more difficult 
for us to access capital, including to finance the Company's existing debt obligations; 
• 
potential reduced ability to opportunistically sell any of the Company's vessels on the second-
hand market, either as a result of a lack of buyers or a general decline in the value of second-
hand vessels; 
• 
potential decreases in the market values of the Company's vessels and any related impairment 
charges or breaches relating to vessel-to-loan financial covenants; 
• 
potential disruptions, delays or cancellations in the construction of new vessels, which could 
reduce the Company's future growth opportunities; 
• 
due to quarantine restrictions placed on persons and additional procedures using commercial 
aviation and other forms of public transportation, the Company's crew has had difficulty embarking 
and disembarking on the Company's ships. Although the restrictions have on certain cases 
delayed crew embarking and disembarking on the Company's ships, they have not far functionally 
affected the Company's ability to crew out vessels; 
• 
international transportation of personnel could be limited or otherwise disrupted. In particular, the 
Company's crews generally work on a rotation basis, relying largely on international air transport 
for crew changes plan fulfillment. Any such disruptions could impact the cost of rotating the 
Company's crew, and possibly impact the Company's ability to maintain a full crew synthesis 
onboard all the Company's vessels at any given time. It may also be difficult for the Company's 
in-house technical teams to travel to ship yards to observe vessel maintenance, and we may need 
to hire local experts, which local experts may vary in skill and are difficult to supervise remotely 
for work we ordinarily address in-house; and 
• 
potential non-performance by counterparties relying on force majeure clauses and potential 
deterioration in the financial condition and prospects of the Company's customers, joint venture 
partners or other business partners. 
 
The occurrence or continued occurrence of any of the foregoing events or other epidemics or an increase in the 
severity or duration of the COVID-19 or other epidemics could have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, value of our vessels, and ability to pay dividends.

--- Page 8 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8
1.1.2 Legal and regulatory risk 
Government regulation of vessels, particularly in the areas of safety and environmental requirements, can 
be expected to become stricter in the future and require the Company to incur significant capital 
expenditures on its vessels to keep them in compliance, or even to scrap or sell certain vessels altogether 
SFL’s operations are affected by extensive and changing international, national, state and local laws, regulations, 
treaties, conventions and standards in force in international waters, the jurisdictions in which the Company’s tankers 
and other vessels operate, and the country or countries in which such vessels are registered, including those 
governing the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of oil spills and other 
contamination, air emissions, and water discharges and ballast and bilge water management. 
 
In addition, vessel classification societies and the requirements set forth in the IMO's International Management 
Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and for Pollution Prevention, or the ISM Code, also impose significant safety 
and other requirements on the Company’s vessels. In complying with current and future environmental 
requirements, vessel owners and operators may also incur significant additional costs in meeting new maintenance 
and inspection requirements, in developing contingency arrangements for potential spills and in obtaining insurance 
coverage. Government regulation of vessels, particularly in the areas of safety and environmental requirements, 
can be expected to become stricter in the future and require the Company to incur significant capital expenditures 
on its vessels to keep them in compliance, or even to scrap or sell certain vessels altogether. 
 
Although the Company has arranged insurance to cover certain environmental risks, there can be no 
assurance that such insurance will be sufficient to cover all such risks or that any claims will not have a 
material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial 
condition and available cash 
Under local, national and foreign laws, as well as international treaties and conventions, the Company could incur 
material liabilities, including cleanup obligations, natural resource damages and third-party claims for personal injury 
or property damages, in the event that there is a release of petroleum or other hazardous substances from the 
Company’s vessels or otherwise in connection with the Company’s current operations. The Company could also 
incur substantial penalties, fines and other civil or criminal sanctions, including in certain instances seizure or 
detention of its vessels, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws, regulations and other 
requirements. Environmental laws often impose strict liability for remediation of spills and releases of oil and 
hazardous substances, which could subject the Company to liability without regard to whether the Company was 
negligent or at fault. 
 
Coastal states in the United States have enacted pollution prevention liability and response laws, many providing 
for unlimited liability. Furthermore, the 2010 explosion of the drilling rig Deepwater Horizon, which is unrelated to 
SFL, and the subsequent release of oil into the Gulf of Mexico, or other events, may result in further regulation of 
the shipping and offshore industries and modifications to statutory liability schemes, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. An oil spill 
could also result in significant liability, including fines, penalties, criminal liability and remediation costs for natural 
resource damages under other international and U.S. federal, state and local laws, as well as thirdparty damages, 
and could harm the Company’s reputation with current or potential charterers of its vessels. The Company is 
required to satisfy insurance and financial responsibility requirements for potential oil (including marine fuel) spills 
and other pollution incidents. Although it has arranged insurance to cover certain environmental risks, there can be 
no assurance that such insurance will be sufficient to cover all such risks or that any claims will not have a material 
adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and available 
cash. 
 
The Company is exposed to litigation risks 
The Company may, from time to time, be involved in various litigation matters. The Company cannot predict with 
certainty the outcome or effect of any claim or other litigation matter, and the ultimate outcome of any litigation or 
the potential costs to resolve them may have a material adverse effect on the Company. Insurance may not be 
applicable or sufficient in all cases and/or insurers may not remain solvent which may have a material adverse 
effect on the Company’s financial condition. 
 
The Bonds may not comply with future sustainability-linked bond standards The sustainability alignment of 
the Bonds has been measured against the ICMA Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles of June 2020. The ICMA 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles and other relevant market standards may be updated during the term of the 
Bonds. Should the Bonds not qualify as aligned with such updated standards, this may have an impact on the 
pricing of the Bonds.

--- Page 9 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9
1.1.3 Operational risk  
If counterparties were to breach their obligations to SFL under any of these agreements, the Company’s 
shareholders and bondholders would have to rely on SFL to pursue its remedies against those counterpartiesFrom 
time to time, the Company enters into, among other things, charter parties with itscustomers, newbuilding contracts 
with shipyards, credit facilities with banks, guarantees, interest rate swap agreements, currency swap agreements, 
total return bond swaps, and total return equity swaps. Such agreements are subject the Company to counterparty 
risks. The ability of each of the Company’s counterparties to perform its obligations under a contract with SFL will 
depend on a number of factors that are beyond the Company’s control and may include, among other things, general 
economic conditions, the condition of the maritime and offshore industries, the overall financial condition of the 
counterparty, charter rates and dayrates received for specific types of vessels and drilling units, and various 
expenses. In addition, in depressed market conditions, the Company’s charterers and customers may no longer 
need a vessel or drilling unit that is currently under charter or contract, or may be able to obtain a comparable vessel 
or drilling unit at a lower rate. As a result, charterers and customers may seek to renegotiate the terms of their 
existing charter parties and drilling contracts, or avoid their obligations under those contracts. Should a counterparty 
fail to honor its obligations under agreements with the Company, SFL could sustain significant losses which could 
have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
The charters, management agreements, charter ancillary agreements and the other contractual agreements the 
Company has with companies affiliated with Hemen were made in the context of an affiliated relationship. Although 
every effort was made to ensure that such agreements were made on an arm's-length basis, the negotiation of 
these agreements may have resulted in prices and other terms that are less favorable to the Company than terms 
it might have obtained in arm's-length negotiations with unaffiliated third parties for similar services. 
 
In general the holders of the Company’s common shares and other securities have no step in right nor direct right 
to enforce the obligations of the counterparties of the company, or any of the Company’s other customers under 
the charters, or any of the other agreements to which the Company is a party. Accordingly, if any of those 
counterparties were to breach their obligations to SFL under any of these agreements, the Company’s shareholders 
and bondholders would have to rely on SFL to pursue its remedies against those counterparties. 
 
The Company is exposed to operational risks that may not be covered by insurance 
The Company’s vessels and their cargoes are at risk of being damaged or lost, due to events such as marine 
disasters, bad weather, mechanical failures, human error, environmental accidents, diseases, war, terrorism, piracy, 
political circumstances and hostilities in foreign countries, labor strikes and boycotts, changes in tax rates or 
policies, and governmental expropriation of the Company’s vessels. Any of these events may result in loss of 
revenues, increased costs and decreased cash flows to the Company’s customers, which could impair their ability 
to make payments to the Company under its charters. 
 
In the event of a casualty to a vessel or other catastrophic event, the Company will rely on its insurance to pay the 
insured value of the vessel or the damages incurred. Through the agreements with the Company’s vessel 
managers, SFL procures insurance for most of the vessels in its fleet employed under time charters against those 
risks that the Company believe the shipping industry commonly insures against. These insurances include marine 
hull and machinery insurance, protection and indemnity insurance, which include pollution risks and crew 
insurances, and war risk insurance. Currently, the amount of coverage for liability for pollution, spillage and leakage 
available to the Company on commercially reasonable terms through protection and indemnity associations and 
providers of excess coverage is USD 1 billion per vessel per occurrence. 
 
The Company cannot assure you that it will be adequately insured against all risks. The Issuer’s vessel managers 
may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at reasonable rates for its vessels in the future. For 
example, in the past more stringent environmental regulations have led to increased costs for, and in the future may 
result in the lack of availability of, insurance against risks of environmental damage or pollution. Additionally, the 
Company’s insurers may refuse to pay particular claims. For example, the circumstances of a spill, including non-
compliance with environmental laws, could result in denial of coverage, protracted litigation, and delayed or 
diminished insurance recoveries or settlements. Any significant loss or liability for which the Company is not insured 
could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition. Under the terms of the Company’s bareboat charters, 
the charterer is responsible for procuring all insurances for the vessel. 
 
The  Company is exposed to risks associated to owning older vessels and acquiring second-hand vessels 
In general, the costs to maintain a vessel in good operating condition increase as the vessel ages. Due to 
improvements in engine technology, older vessels are typically less fuel-efficient than more recently constructed 
vessels. Cargo insurance rates increase with the age of a vessel, making older vessels less desirable to charterers.

--- Page 10 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10
Governmental regulations, safety, environmental or other equipment standards related to the age of tankers and 
other types of vessels may require expenditures for alterations or the addition of new equipment to the Company’s 
vessels to comply with safety or environmental laws or regulations that may be enacted in the future. These laws 
or regulations may also restrict the type of activities in which the Company’s vessels may engage or prohibit their 
operation in certain geographic regions. The Issuer cannot predict what alterations or modifications its vessels may 
be required to undergo as a result of requirements that may be promulgated in the future, or that as the Company’s 
vessels age market conditions will justify any required expenditures or enable the Company to operate its vessels 
profitably during the remainder of their useful lives. 
 
SFL’s current business strategy includes additional growth through the acquisition of both newbuildings and second-
hand vessels. Although the Company generally inspects second-hand vessels prior to purchase, this does not 
normally provide the Company with the same knowledge about the vessels' condition that it would have had if such 
vessels had been built for and operated exclusively by itself. Therefore, the Company’s future operating results 
could be negatively affected if the vessels do not perform as the Company expects. Also, the Issuer does not receive 
the benefit of warranties from the builders if the vessels the Company buys are older than one year. 
 
1.1.4 Financial risk 
Interest rates give rise to changes in the valuations of interest rate swaps and could adversely affect the results of 
the Company’s operations and other comprehensive income. The Company is exposed to fluctuations in interest 
rates with its diversified debt portfolio which varies from shorter floating interest to longer fixed interest. The 
Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate exposure and has interest rate adjustment clauses 
in some of its chartering agreements. For a portion of the Company’s floating rate debt, if interest rates rise, interest 
payments on the Company’s floating rate debt that it has not swapped into effectively fixed rates would increase. 
 
An increase in interest rates could cause the Company to incur additional costs associated with its debt service, 
which may materially and adversely affect the results of its operations. The interest rate swaps that have been 
entered into by the Company and its subsidiaries are derivative financial instruments that effectively translate 
floating rate debt into fixed rate debt. US GAAP requires that these derivatives be valued at current market prices 
in the Company’s financial statements, with increases or decreases in valuations reflected in the income statement 
or, if the instrument is designated as a hedge, in other comprehensive income. Changes in interest rates give rise 
to changes in the valuations of interest rate swaps and could adversely affect the results of its operations and other 
comprehensive income. 
 
Currency fluctuations could have an adverse effect on the Company's cash flows, financial condition and 
results of operations 
The majority of the Company's transactions, assets and liabilities are denominated in U.S. dollars, the functional 
currency of the Company. Though, The Company has entered into currency swap transactions, involving the 
payment of U.S. dollars in exchange for Norwegian kroner, which are designated as hedges against the NOK700 
million senior unsecured bonds due 2023, the NOK700 million senior unsecured bonds due 2024 and the NOK600 
million senior unsecured bonds due 2025. However, NOK is sensitive to e.g. fluctuations in the U.S dollars oil price, 
as there is a risk that currency fluctuations could have an adverse effect on the Company's cash flows, financial 
condition and results of operations. The Company has not entered into forward contracts for either transaction or 
translation risk. Accordingly, there is a risk that currency fluctuations could have an adverse effect on the Company's 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
The Company is exposed to credit risks to the extent that the Company’s counterparties are unable to 
perform or unwilling to honor under the contracts that could have an adverse effect on the Company's cash 
flows, financial condition and results of operations 
 
 
Restrictions in the Company's financial indebtedness may unable the Company to make distributions to its 
shareholders 
The Company’s loan facilities and the indentures for its convertible notes and bonds contain conditions which limits 
the Company's business and future financing activities. For example, the Company’s may not make distributions to 
its shareholders if it does not satisfy certain financial covenants or receive waivers from its lenders. The Company 
cannot assure you that it will be able to satisfy these covenants in the future. As a consequence, due to these 
restrictions, the Company may need to seek permission from its lenders in order to engage in some corporate 
actions. The Company’s lenders' interests may be different from the Company’s and SFL cannot guarantee that it 
will be able to obtain its lenders' permission when needed. This may prevent the Company from taking actions that 
are in its best interests.

--- Page 11 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11
Market value of vessels may decline and may lead to that the Company recording impairment adjustments 
in its financial statements which could adversely affect the financial results and condition 
During the period a vessel or drilling unit is subject to a charter, the Company will not be permitted to sell it to take 
advantage of increases in vessel or drilling unit values without the charterers' agreement. Conversely, if the 
charterers were to default under the charters due to adverse market conditions, causing a termination of the 
charters, it is likely that the charter-free market value of the Company’s vessels or drilling units would also be 
depressed. The charter-free market values of SFL’s vessels and drilling units have experienced high volatility in 
recent years. The charter-free market value of the Company’s vessels and drilling units may increase and decrease 
depending on a number of factors, as further described in section 1.1.1. 
 
In addition, as vessels and drilling units grow older, they generally decline in value. If the charter- free market values 
of the Company’s vessels and drilling units decline, the Company may not be in compliance with certain provisions 
of its credit facilities and it may not be able to refinance its debt, obtain additional financing or make distributions to 
its shareholders. Additionally, if the Company sell one or more of its vessels or drilling units at a time when vessel 
and drilling unit prices have fallen and before it have recorded an impairment adjustment to its consolidated financial 
statements, the sale price may be less than the vessel's or drilling unit's carrying value on the balance sheet of the 
Company’s consolidated financial statements, resulting in a loss and a reduction in earnings. Furthermore, if vessel 
and drilling unit values fall significantly, the Company may have to record an impairment adjustment in its financial 
statements, which could adversely affect the financial results and condition. 
 
1.2 Risks related to the Bonds 
1.2.1 Volatility in price, illiquidity in the market and callable bonds 
The Bonds will be new securities for which there is currently no trading market. Even though the Issuer intends to 
list the Bonds on the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs), no assurance can be given that the Bonds will actually be 
listed. The liquidity of any market for the Bonds will depend on the number of holders of those Bonds, investor 
interest at large and relative to the Issuer and its business segment in particular, and the interest of securities 
dealers in making a market in those securities and other factors. Accordingly, there can be no assurance as to (i) 
the liquidity of any such market that may develop, (ii) Bondholders’ ability to sell the Bonds, or (iii) the price at which 
Bondholders would be able to sell the Bonds. If an active market does not develop or is not maintained, the price 
and liquidity of the Bonds may be adversely affected. In addition, transfer restrictions may apply to the Bonds and 
there may be limitations as to where the Bonds may be marketed, offered and registered. Further, the Bonds are 
callable subject to certain provisions, including that a certain premium is paid, which could affect the market value 
of the Bonds. 
 
1.2.2 Significant cash requirement to meet debt obligations and sustain 
operations 
The ability of the Issuer to make principal or interest payments when due in respect of its financial indebtedness, 
including (without limitation) the Issuer's financial indebtedness in respect of the Bonds and the Issuer's financial 
indebtedness under other credit arrangements, will depend on the Company's future performance and its ability to 
generate cash. The Issuer will need significant amounts of cash to fund its business and operations. The Bonds 
mature in 2026 and if the Issuer does not have sufficient cash flows from operations and other capital resources to 
pay its financial indebtedness and to fund its other liquidity needs, it may be required to incur new financial 
indebtedness in order to be able to repay the Bonds. If the Issuer is unable to refinance all or a portion of its 
indebtedness or obtain such refinancing on terms acceptable to the Issuer, the Issuer may be forced to reduce or 
delay its business activities or capital expenditures or sell assets or raise additional debt or equity financing in 
amounts that could be substantial. No assurance can be given that the Issuer will be able to accomplish any of 
these measures in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, the terms of any other 
or future debt may limit the Issuer's ability to pursue any of these measures. 
 
1.2.3 The Issuer may have insufficient funds to make required 
redemptions or repurchases of the Bonds 
The Bond Agreement provide for certain redemption and repurchase mechanics in respect of the Bonds which 
entail redemption or repurchase with a premium, either voluntarily or mandatorily. The latter will be the case, inter 
alia, upon the occurrence of a put-option event (as described in the Bond Agreement), whereby each individual

--- Page 12 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12
Bondholder has a right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds at 100% of nominal value. 
There can be no assurance that the Issuer will have sufficient funds at the time of such event to make the required 
redemption and/or repurchase of the Bonds, should a mandatory redemption or repurchase occur. Further, an 
investor may not be able to reinvest the prepayment proceeds at an equivalent rate of interest. 
 
1.2.4 Restrictive covenants may lead to inability to finance operations, 
capital needs and to pursue business opportunities 
The Bond Agreement restricts the Group's ability to, inter alia, make certain payments and merge, de-merge and 
dispose of assets. Even though these limitations are subject to carve-outs and limitations, some of the covenants 
could limit the Issuer's ability to finance future operations and capital needs and its ability to pursue activities that 
may be in the Issuer's interest. Further, the Issuer may be subject to affirmative, negative and other covenants 
contained in other agreements for financial indebtedness. A breach of any of such covenants, ratios, tests or 
restrictions could result in an event of default under the Bond Agreement. This could have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuer and its ability to carry on its business and operations and, in turn, the Issuer's ability to pay all or part 
of the interest or principal on the Bonds. 
 
1.2.5 Interest rate risk 
The interest rate of the Bonds is subject to variability of the NIBOR interest rate and will vary in accordance with the 
variability of the NIBOR interest rate. The interest rate risk related to the Bond Issue is limited by quarterly 
adjustments to the change in the reference interest rate (NIBOR 3 months) over the 5 year term. The primary price 
risk for a floating rate bond issue will be related to the market view of the correct trading level for the credit spread 
related to the bond issue at a certain time during the tenor, compared with the credit margin the bond issue is 
carrying. A possible increase in the credit spread trading level relative to the coupon credit margin may relate to 
general changes in the market conditions and/or Issuer specific circumstances. However, under normal market 
circumstances the anticipated tradable credit spread will fall as the duration of the bond issue becomes shorter. In 
general, the price of bonds will fall when the credit spread in the market increases, and conversely the bond price 
will increase when the market spread decreases. 
1.2.6 Level of subordination of the Bonds 
The Bonds constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer, and rank ahead of subordinated debt of the Issuer. 
However, the Bonds do not rank ahead of any obligations for the Issuer related to any potential claims which are 
preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application.

--- Page 13 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13
2 Definitions 
 
Annual Report 2020 
The annual consolidated financial statements of SFL Corporation Ltd. for 
the year ended December 31, 2020 
 
Annual Report 2019 
The annual consolidated financial statements of SFL Corporation Ltd. for 
the year ended December 31, 2019 
 
Base Prospectus 
 This document dated 24 September 2021. 
 
 
 The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Co-manager 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited 
 
Company/Issuer/SFL 
SFL Corporation Ltd., a corporation organised under the laws of Bermuda. 
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 2. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Group 
SFL Corporation Ltd. and its subsidiaries from time to time 
 
Interim Report Q1 2021 
The consolidated financial statements of SFL Corporation Ltd. for the three 
month period ended March 31, 2021 
 
Interim Report Q2 2021 
The consolidated financial statements of SFL Corporation Ltd. for the three 
month period ended June 30, 2021 
 
Joint Bookrunners 
Arctic Securities AS, DNB Bank ASA and Pareto Securities AS as Joint 
Bookrunners 
 
US GAAP 
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles

--- Page 14 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
 
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
Par-la-Ville Place, 
14 Par-la-Ville Road 
P.O. Box HM 1593 
Hamilton, HM08 
Bermuda 
 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
SFL Corporation Ltd. declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.    
 
 
Hamilton (Bermuda), 24 September 2021 
 
 
 
SFL Corporation Ltd.

--- Page 15 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
15
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditor for the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been Moore Stephens P.C. (“MSPC”), certified public accountants and advisors.  
 
MSPC is member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 
 
MSPC has its registered address at 546 Fifth Avenue 6th Floor, 10036-5000, New York, New York, USA.

--- Page 16 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 History and development of the Company 
5.1.1 Name and contact details 
The legal name of the Issuer is SFL Corporation Ltd., the commercial name is SFL Corporation. 
 
The address, telephone number and website of the Issuer’s principal place of business is as follow: 
SFL Corporation Ltd.,  
Par-la-Ville Place, 
14 Par-la-Ville Road 
Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda 
Telephone: +1 441 295 9500 
 
Website www.sflcorp.com 
 
The information on the website mentioned above does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
5.1.2 Place of registration, registration number and LEI code 
The Company is registered with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda with registration number EC-34296. The 
Company’s LEI code is 549300RLYYPSB0C7RH77. 
 
5.1.3 Incorporation, domicile and legal form  
The Company is a corporation organised under the laws of Bermuda. SFL Corporation Ltd. was incorporated on 
10 October 2003.   
 
The Company operates under the provisions of the Bermuda Companies Law of 1981.  
 
5.1.4 Objects and purposes  
SFL’s primary business strategy is to continue the profitable growth of our business, deliver quarterly dividend 
payments and increase long term distributable cash flow per share. 
 
The Company's bye-laws can be found at the Company's website www.sflcorp.com.  
 
5.1.5 Expected financing of activities 
SFL is a specialty financing provider, as an integral part of its business, the Company enters into and repays or 
buys back financing structures on an ongoing basis, including without limitation secured and unsecured bank loans, 
shares of common stock, Scandinavian high yield bonds, US registered notes, including convertible such, and other 
privately negotiated borrowed funds, including in foreign currency, however none of which are, to the best of belief 
of the management, material to the evaluation of the Company’s solvency.

--- Page 17 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17
6 Business Overview    
 
SFL is an international ship owning and chartering company with a large and diverse asset base across the 
maritime, renewable and offshore asset classes and business sectors. 
 
6.1.1 Main categories of services performed and principal markets 
Fleet 
SFL owns a substantially modern fleet of vessels. Our assets consist of five crude oil tankers, 22 dry bulk carriers, 
35 container vessels (including seven leased-in vessels), six car carriers, one jack-up drilling rig, one ultra-
deepwater drilling units, two chemical tankers and two oil product tankers included in our wholly owned and partly 
owned subsidiaries and associated companies. 
 
The table in Annex 4 sets forth the fleet that we own or charter-in including those in our associated companies as 
of the date of this prospectus. All of the VLCCs, Suezmax tankers, product tankers and chemical tankers are double-
hull vessels. 
 
In the year ended December 31, 2020, our two VLCCs accounted for 6% of our consolidated operating revenues 
(2019: 4%, 2018: 8%). In the year ended December 31, 2020, we had eight Capesize dry bulk carriers which 
accounted for approximately 11% of our consolidated operating revenues (2019: 11%, 2018: 13%). 
 
We also earned income from 32 container vessels on long term bareboat charters, which accounted for 
approximately 13% of our consolidated operating revenues in the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019: 14%, 
2018: 11%). 
 
We had 12 container vessels on long term time chartersat December 31, 2020, which accounted for approximately 
29% of our consolidated operating revenues (2019: 30%; 2018: 27%). 
 
We also had four container vessels on time charter which accounted for approximately 15% of our consolidated 
operating revenues in the year ended December 31, 2020 (2019: 14%, 2018: 10%). 
 
Our income earned from offshore unites was partly earned from drilling units which were accounted for using the 
equity method. In October 2020, two of the three subsidiaries were consolidated. (See details in risk factors and 
history and developments above). In the year ended December 31, 2020, income from associated companies 
accounted for 7.2% of our net loss (2019: 35.0% of net income, 2018: 39.1% of net income). Also, in the year ended 
December 31, 2020, revenue from subsidiaries that were consolidated from October 2020, accounted for 
approximately 1% of our consolidated operating revenues (2019: 0%, 2018: 0%). 
 
The table in Annex 5 sets out the contracted charter log as per date of this prospectus. 
 
Competition 
The Company currently operate in several sectors of the maritime, shipping and offshore industry, including oil 
transportation, dry bulk shipments, chemical transportation, oil products transportation, container transportation, car 
transportation and drilling rigs. 
 
The markets for international seaborne oil transportation services, dry bulk transportation services, and container 
and car transportation services are highly fragmented and competitive. Seaborne oil transportation services are 
generally provided by two main types of operators: major oil companies or captive fleets (both private and state-
owned) and independent shipowner fleets. 
 
In addition, several owners and operators pool their vessels together on an ongoing basis, and such pools are 
available to customers to the same extent as independently owned and operated fleets. Many major oil companies 
and other commodity carriers also operate their own vessels and use such vessels not only to transport their own 
cargoes but also to transport cargoes for third parties, in direct competition with independent owners and operators. 
 
Container vessels and car carriers are generally operated by logistics companies, where the vessels are used as 
an integral part of their services. Therefore, container vessels and car carriers are typically chartered more on a 
period basis and single voyage chartering is less common. As the market has grown significantly over recent 
decades, we expect in the future to see more vessels chartered by logistics companies on a shorter term basis, 
particularly smaller vessels.

--- Page 18 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18
Our jack-up drilling rig and our ultra-deepwater drilling unit are sub-chartered out on long term charters to oil majors. 
Jack-up drilling rigs and ultra-deepwater drilling units are normally chartered by oil companies on a shorter-term 
basis linked to area-specific well drilling or oil exploration activities, but there have also been longer period charters 
available when oil companies want to cover their longer term requirements for such rigs. Ultra-deepwater semi-
submersible drilling rigs are selfpropelled, and can therefore easily move between geographic areas. Jack-up drilling 
rigs are not self-propelled, but it is common to move these assets over long distances on heavy-lift vessels. 
Therefore, the markets and competition for these rigs are effectively world-wide. 
 
Competition for charters in all the above sectors is intense and is based upon price, location, size, age, condition 
and acceptability of the vessel/rig and its technical and commercial managers. Competition is also affected by the 
availability of other sized vessels/rigs to compete in the trades in which we engage. Most of our existing vessels 
are chartered at fixed rates on a long term basis and are thus not directly affected by competition in the short term. 
However, tankers chartered to Frontline Shipping and dry bulk carriers chartered to the Golden Ocean Charterer 
are subject to profit sharing agreements, which will be affected by competition experienced by the charterers.

--- Page 19 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19
7 Organizational structure 
7.1 Description of Issuer  
SFL Corporation Ltd. is a Bermuda-based company incorporated in Bermuda on October 10, 2003, as a Bermuda 
exempted company under the Bermuda Companies Law of 1981. We are engaged primarily in the ownership and 
operation of vessels and offshore related assets, and also involved in the charter, purchase and sale of assets. 
 
Our primary objective is to continue to grow our business through accretive acquisitions across a diverse range of 
marine and offshore asset classes. In doing so, our strategy is to generate stable and increasing cash flows by 
chartering our assets primarily under medium to long term bareboat or time charters. 
 
SFL operates through subsidiaries located in Bermuda, Liberia, Norway, Singapore, the United Kingdom and the 
Marshall Islands. The table in Annex 3 sets out the subsidiaries as per the date of this prospectus.  
 
The company structure is shown below. 
 
 
7.2 Dependence upon other entities  
Our subsidiaries own all of our vessels and drilling units, and payments under our charter agreements are made to 
our subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to satisfy our financial and other obligations depends on the performance of 
our subsidiaries and their ability to distribute funds to us. 
 
Therefore, the Company is dependent on the results of the operations of its subsidiaries.

--- Page 20 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
20
8 Trend information  
8.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
8.2 Known trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events 
Liners 
Following recently announced transactions, SFL will have a liner fleet of 35 wholly or partly owned container vessels 
and six car carriers, including four dual fuel car carriers under construction. The liner fleet generated approximately 
$75.3 million in gross charter hire in the second quarter, including $2.4 million of profit share from fuel savings. Of 
the total gross charter hire, approximately 95% was derived from vessels on long term charters and the remaining 
was derived from vessels on short term charters.  
 
According to industry sources, the container shipping market continues to see extraordinary conditions with strong 
recovery in container volumes along with port congestion and logistical issues. During the quarter containership 
charter rates experienced record high levels, with near term outlook remaining positive. 
 
As of June 30, 2021, including recently announced transactions, the estimated fixed rate charter backlog3 from the 
wholly and partly owned liner fleet was approximately $2.2 billion, with an average remaining charter term of 
approximately 4.7 years or 7.5 years if weighted by charter hire.  
 
In April, the Company entered into an agreement with the Volkswagen Group to build and charter out two newbuild 
dual-fuel 7,000 CEU car carriers designed to use liquefied natural gas (“LNG”). The charter period is 10 years from 
delivery in 2023, and until the new vessels are delivered, Volkswagen Group will charter our two existing car carriers 
SFL Composer and SFL Conductor. The transaction is estimated to add more than $200 million to the fixed-rate 
charter backlog. 
 
Subsequent to quarter end, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire two modern 6,800 TEU container 
vessels in combination with long term time charters to Maersk. The charters will run for a period of 6 years, and 
there are purchase options with profit split at the end of year five and six of the charter period. The vessels are 
expected to be delivered in the third quarter, and the fixed rate charter backlog will increase by more than $160 
million. 
 
Additionally, the Company has entered into an agreement to acquire two modern 14,000 TEU container vessels in 
combination with charters to Evergreen. The new vessels are employed on time charters until 2023 and 2024, 
respectively, and will be available for new charter opportunities thereafter. The vessels are expected to be delivered 
in the third quarter, and the fixed rate charter backlog will increase by more than $80 million. We expect to initiate 
discussions for new charters well in advance of expiry of the existing charters. 
 
Moreover, the Company entered into an agreement with a major Asia-based transportation company to build and 
charter out two newbuild dual-fuel 7,000 CEU car carriers designed to use LNG. The charter period is 10 years 
from delivery in 2024. The transaction is estimated to add more than $200 million to the fixed-rate charter backlog. 
Finally, the charterer of 18 vintage feeder container vessels has exercised its purchase options of the vessels with 
delivery expected in the third quarter. Net cash proceeds after repayment of associated debt is estimated to be 
approximately $40 million. The Company does not expect any material accounting impact arising from the 
transaction.   
 
Tankers 
SFL has nine crude oil, product and chemical tankers, with the majority employed on long term charters. The vessels 
generated approximately $14.6 million in gross charter hire in the second quarter.  
 
SFL has two Suezmax tankers trading in the spot market, and the net charter hire from these vessels was 
approximately $1.8 million in the second quarter, compared to approximately $2.5 million in the first quarter.

--- Page 21 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
21
Tankers trading in the spot market experienced weaker results compared to the previous quarter, following 
continued oil production supply cuts as a result of low global oil demand. Tanker vessel values have however 
continued to strengthen through the quarter. 
 
Dry Bulk  
The Company owns 22 dry bulk carriers. 12 vessels are employed on long term charters, and the other ten are 
trading in the short term market. SFL generated approximately $39.4 million in gross charter hire from the dry bulk 
fleet in the second quarter, including $1.2 million of profit share.   
 
During the second quarter, freight rates generally increased as demand for transportation increased along with port 
congestions absorbing vessel capacity. This has continued into the third quarter. The Company has ten dry bulk 
vessels ranging between 32,000 and 57,000 dwt, employed in the spot and short term market. These vessels 
generated approximately $14.9 million in net charter hire during the second quarter, compared to approximately 
$9.8 million in the previous quarter. 
 
Offshore 
SFL owns two drilling rigs which are chartered out to subsidiaries of Seadrill on bareboat terms. In the second 
quarter, the Company received charter hire of approximately $12.2 million on the rigs. 
In February 2021, Seadrill and most of its subsidiaries filed Chapter 11 cases in the Southern District of Texas. SFL 
and certain of its subsidiaries have entered into court approved interim agreements with Seadrill relating to West 
Linus and West Hercules, allowing for the uninterrupted performance of sub-charters to oil majors while the Chapter 
11 process is ongoing.  
 
Subsequent to quarter end, the Company entered into an amendment to its existing charter agreement relating to 
West Hercules. Under the amendment agreement with Seadrill, the West Hercules is contracted to be employed 
with an oil major until the second half of 2022, and thereafter redelivered to SFL in Norway.  
Pursuant to the amendment agreement, SFL has agreed to receive bareboat hire of (i) approximately $64,700 per 
day until Seadrill emerges from Chapter 11 and its plan is confirmed by the court and (ii) thereafter approximately 
$60,000 per day while the rig is employed under a contract and generating revenues for Seadrill and approximately 
$40,000 in all other modes, including when the rig is idle. Seadrill is expected to seek bankruptcy court approval of 
the amendment agreement on or before September 2, 2021, which is a condition precedent to the effectiveness to 
the amendment agreement. 
 
SFL’s limited corporate guarantee of the outstanding debt in the rig owning subsidiary will remain unchanged at 
$83 million. 
 
While no assurances can be provided with regards to the outcome of Seadrill’s Chapter 11 process, the amendment 
agreement, or Seadrill’s plan support agreement, SFL continues to have constructive dialogue with Seadrill 
regarding the rig West Linus, which is on a sub-charter to an oil major in the North Sea until the end of 2028.

--- Page 22 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22
9 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
9.1 Information about persons 
 
Board 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Board of the Company:  
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
James O'Shaughnessy 
Director of the Company and Chairperson of the 
Audit Committee 
See clause 5.1.1 
Kathrine Astrup Fredriksen 
Director of the Company 
See clause 5.1.1 
Gary Vogel 
Director of the Company 
See clause 5.1.1 
Keesjan Cordia 
Director of the Company 
See clause 5.1.1 
Ole B. Hjertaker 
Director of the Company 
See clause 5.1.1 
 
James O'Shaughnessy has been a Director of the Company since September 2018. Mr. O'Shaughnessy has been 
an Executive Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller of Axis Capital Holdings Limited 
since March 26, 2012. Prior to that Mr. O'Shaughnessy has amongst other served as Chief Financial Officer in the 
Bermuda operations of Flagstone Reinsurance Holdings SA and as Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice 
President of Scottish Re Group Ltd., and Chief Financial Officer of XL Re Ltd. at XL Group plc. Mr. O'Shaughnessy 
received a Bachelor of Commerce degree from University College, Cork, Ireland in the year 1981 to 1985 and is 
both a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Ireland and an Associate Member of the Chartered 
Insurance Institute of the UK. Mr. O'Shaughnessy earned a Master's Degree in Accounting from University College 
Dublin in the year 1985 to 1986. 
 
Kathrine Astrup Fredriksen has been a Director of the Company since February 2020. Ms. Fredriksen serves as 
President of Seatankers UK and has served as a board member of Norwegian Property since 2016. She has 
previously been on the boards of Seadrill, Golar LNG, Frontline and Deep Sea Supply. Through her role as 
President of Seatankers UK, she provides advice on all group Investments and is intrinsically involved in the 
administration of the organization. Kathrine is educated at European Business School in London. She is a 
passionate collector of modern and contemporary art. 
 
Gary Vogel has been a Director of the Company since December 2016. He currently serves as Chief Executive 
Officer and Director of Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc., a U.S listed owner and operator of geared dry bulk vessels. From 
2000 to 2015, Mr Vogel held various positions in Clipper Group Ltd., last as Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Vogel 
graduated from the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy in 1988 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Marine 
Transportation as well as a U.S. Coast Guard Unlimited Tonnage 3rd Officers License. Subsequently, he served as 
an officer in the U.S. Naval Reserve. Mr. Vogel is currently on the Lloyd’s Register North America Advisory 
Committee. 
 
Keesjan Cordia has been a Director of the Company since September 2018. Mr. Cordia is a private investor with 
a background in Economics and Business Administration. Mr. Cordia holds several board and advisory board 
positions in the Oil & Gas Industry, among which: board member of Workships group B.V (2006), board member of 
Combifloat B.V (2013). and board member of Kerrco Inc (2017). He recently became Chairman of the board of 
Oceanteam ASA (April 2018). From 2006-2014 he was CEO at Seafox (Offshore Services). Mr. Cordia is founder 
and Managing Partner of Invaco Management B.V., an investment firm based in Amsterdam. He is also an advisor 
to Parcom Capital and member of the investor committee of Connected Capital, both Private Equity firms. 
 
Ole B. Hjertaker has been a Director of the Company since October 2019. Mr. Hjertaker has served as Chief 
Executive Officer of the Company since 2009, and served as Chief Financial Officer from 2006 to 2009. Prior to 
joining SFL, Mr. Hjertaker was employed in the Corporate Finance division of DNB Markets, a leading shipping and 
offshore bank. Mr. Hjertaker has extensive corporate and investment banking experience, mainly within the Maritime 
and Transportation industries, and holds a Master of Science degree from the Norwegian School of Economics and 
Business Administration.

--- Page 23 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23
Management 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Management of the Company: 
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Ole B. Hjertaker 
Chief Executive Officer 
See clause 5.1.1 
Aksel C. Olesen 
Chief Financial Officer 
See clause 5.1.1 
Trym Otto Sjølie 
Chief Operating Officer 
See clause 5.1.1 
Thecla Panagides 
Chief Accounting Officer 
See clause 5.1.1 
André Reppen 
Chief Treasurer & Senior Vice President 
See clause 5.1.1 
Jannicke Eilertsen 
Compliance Officer 
See clause 5.1.1 
 
Ole B. Hjertaker, please see description under Board above. 
 
Aksel C. Olesen serves as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Olesen holds a Law Degree from the University of Bergen. 
Prior to joining SFL, he spent 12 years at Pareto Securities where he worked in various positions in the firm’s 
investment banking division, including as Head of Investment Banking Asia in Singapore from 2011 to 2014 and 
most recent as Head of Shipping and Offshore Project Finance. Mr. Olesen started his career working for the 
shipping company Kristian Jebsens Rederi as part of the legal, business development and finance team. 
 
Trym Otto Sjølie serves as Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Sjølie has a background spanning 25 years in the shipping 
industry in diverse capacities, ranging from asset management, technical and operational management, chartering 
and engineering. Prior to joining SFL, Mr. Sjølie served as the MD of a shipping fund with a fleet of vessels across 
multiple asset classes. He previously worked for Höegh Autoliners, a leading car carrier operator, from 1998 to 
2010. Mr Sjølie also has experience in vessel design and operations of shuttle tankers, FSOs and FPSOs. Mr. 
Sjølie holds a MSc degree in Marine engineering and Naval Architecture from the Norwegian University of Science 
and Technology (NTNU) and a MMa Degree from BI Norwegian Business School. 
 
Thecla Panagides serves as Chief Accounting Officer. Mrs. Panagides holds an Honour's degree in Accounting 
and Finance from the University of Birmingham and is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
England and Wales. Prior to joining SFL Mrs. Panagides served as Chief Accountant in Frontline Corporate 
Services for four years and has held positions at Coca-Cola Hellenic and Ernst & Young. 
 
André Reppen serves as Chief Treasurer and Senior Vice President. Mr. Reppen holds an MBA in finance in 
addition to the AFA title and a Master of Science degree from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business 
Administration. Prior to joining SFL, Mr. Reppen worked for PwC in the Shipping and Financial Services department 
as a transaction and corporate structuring advisor. Mr. Reppen is also a CEFA charterholder. 
 
Jannicke Eilertsen serves as Compliance Officer. Ms. Eilertsen holds a Master of Laws from the University of Oslo 
and studied maritime laws at the University of Southampton. Ms. Eilertsen worked at Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm as 
a Senior Associate in the Compliance and Investigations department. At Wiersholm, Ms. Eilertsen worked with 
several privately and publicly owned companies on cross-border matters concerning anti-bribery and corruption, 
anti-money laundering and sanctions. Also, Ms. Eilertsen has experience from the FD&D department at Gard (UK) 
Ltd in London and from Rolls-Royce Marine AS as legal counsel. 
 
 
9.2 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interest  
Certain of our directors, executive officers and major shareholders may have interests that are different from, or are 
in addition to, the interests of our other shareholders. In particular, Hemen, Holding Ltd, or Hemen a company 
indirectly controlled by trusts established by Mr. John Fredriksen, for the benefit of his immediate family, and certain 
of its affiliates, may be deemed to beneficially own approximately 20.1% of our issued and outstanding common 
shares as at March 17, 2021. Furthermore, in February 2020, Ms. Kathrine Astrup Fredriksen, who is the daughter 
of Mr. John Fredriksen, became a Director of the Company. Hemen is also a principal shareholder of a number of 
other large publicly traded companies involved in various sectors of the shipping and oil services industries, or the 
Hemen Related Companies. In addition, certain directors, including Mr. Cordia and Mr. O'Shaughnessy, also serve 
on the boards of one or more of the Hemen Related Companies, including but not limited to Frontline, Golden 
Ocean, Northern Drilling Ltd, Avance Gas and Archer Limited. There may be real or apparent conflicts of interest 
with respect to matters affecting Hemen and other Hemen Related Companies whose interests in some

--- Page 24 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
24
circumstances may be adverse to our interests. To the extent that we do business with or compete with other 
Hemen Related Companies for business opportunities, prospects or financial resources, or participate in ventures 
in which other Hemen Related Companies may participate, these directors and officers may face actual or apparent 
conflicts of interest in connection with decisions that could have different implications for us. These decisions may 
relate to corporate opportunities, corporate strategies, potential acquisitions of businesses, newbuilding 
acquisitions, inter-company agreements, the issuance or disposition of securities, the election of new or additional 
directors and other matters. Such potential conflicts may delay or limit the opportunities available to us, and it is 
possible that conflicts may be resolved in a manner adverse to us or result in agreements that are less favorable to 
us than terms that would be obtained in arm's-length negotiations with unaffiliated third-parties. 
 
Other than stated above there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuing entity of the 
persons referred to in item 9.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 25 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25
10 Major shareholders 
10.1 Ownership  
As at the date of this prospectus, there were 138,550,687 common shares (par value US$0.01 per share) issued 
and outstanding. 
 
The following table presents certain information as at the date of this prospectus, regarding the ownership of our 
Common Shares with respect to each shareholder whom we know to beneficially own five percent or more of our 
outstanding Common Shares: 
 
Owner 
Number of Common Shares 
Precent of Common Shares 
Hemen Holding Limited 
25,728,687 
18.6% 
 
In calculating the above percentages of common shares held by Hemen we have included 8,000,000 shares issued 
as part of a share lending arrangement relating to the October 2016 issue of 5.75% convertible notes and 3,765,842 
shares issued in December 2018 as part of a share lending arranging relating to the 4.875% convertible notes. 
These shares will be returned to us on or before the maturity of the bonds in 2021 and 2023 respectively. 
 
Our major shareholders have the same voting rights as our other shareholders.  
 
 
10.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 26 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26
11 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
 
11.1 Historical Financial Information for the Company 
The Company’s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States ("US GAAP"). 
 
A summary of the Company’s significant accounting policies is set forth in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements in the Annual Report 2020, pages F-12 to F-20. 
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical financial 
information and financial statements are incorporated by reference to the Annual Report 2020, Annual Report 2019 
, Interim Report Q1 2021 and Interim Report Q2 2021. See Cross Reference List for complete web address. 
 rly Report  
 
Interim Report 
Interim Report 
Annual Report 
 
Q2 2021 
Q1 2021 
2020 
2019 
 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
Page(s) 
 
 
 
 
SFL Corporation Ltd.  
Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
8 
8 
F-5 
 
F-5 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheets  
 
9 
9 
F-7 
 
F-7 
 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
10 
10 
F-8 
F-8 
Notes to the consolidated financial 
statements 
--- 
--- 
F-11 – F-66 
F-11 – F-63 
 
The Interim Reports have not been audited. 
  
 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
The Company’s annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 were audited by 
Moore Stephens P.C. (“MSPC”). Please see Section 4. The audits were conducted in accordance with the standards 
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the the Annual Report 2020, pages F-2 to F-4, and 
Annual Report 2019, pages F-2 to F-4. 
 
 
 
 
11.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
In September 2017, Seadrill entered a restructuring plan, whereby the leases were revised, and subsequently 
entered Chapter 11 proceedings from which it emerged in July 2018. The restructuring involved reducing the charter 
hire for all three leases in the short term and increasing charter hire in later years, and adjusting the purchase 
obligation/put option prices and extending the charter term for the leases of West Taurus and West Hercules. 
 
Despite the de-leveraging and improved debt terms, the oil and gas market remained in a sustained downturn after 
Seadrill emerged from Chapter 11 in summer 2018, even before the further damage caused by the dual demand 
and supply shock of the COVID-19 pandemic and the OPEC-Russia oil price war. The combination of these external 
forces prevented Seadrill from reaping the benefits of the prior restructuring, which adversely affected the Seadrill 
Charterers' ability to secure drilling contracts and, therefore, their ability to make lease payments to us and resulted 
in the bankruptcy of their parent company Seadrill and most of its subsidiaries.

--- Page 27 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
27
A significant portion of our net income and operating cash flows have been generated from our three leases with 
subsidiaries of Seadrill, which disclosed on February 10, 2021 that it and most of its subsidiaries filed Chapter 11 
cases in the Southern District of Texas, USA (the "Chapter 11 Proceedings"). 
In connection with Seadrill's Chapter 11 Proceedings, SFL and certain of its subsidiaries have entered into court 
approved interim agreements relating to two of the Company's drilling rigs that are chartered to subsidiaries of 
Seadrill to ensure uninterrupted performance on the sub-charters to oil majors. Pursuant to these agreements, 
Seadrill will be allowed to use funds received from the respective sub-charterers to pay a fixed level of operating 
and maintenance expenses in additional to general and administrative costs. In exchange, SFL will receive 
approximately 65 -75% of the lease hire under the existing charter agreements for West Linus and West Hercules 
for the same period. 
 
Any excess amounts paid under the above referenced sub-charters will remain in Seadrill's earnings accounts, 
pledged to SFL. 
 
With regards to the third rig, West Taurus, the lease has been rejected by the court and the rig has been redelivered 
to SFL. This rig is debt free and has been held in layup by Seadrill for more than five years. The Company has 
decided to divest of West Taurus for recycling. As previously disclosed, in October 2020, we had agreed with our 
financing banks to repurchase the bank loan on the idle drilling rig West Taurus, at a discount of 62% of the 
outstanding balance. The Company repurchased the total debt outstanding under the facility of $176.1 million for 
$110.0 million and recognized a gain on debt extinguishment of $66.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2020. 
The rig is now debt free following the full settlement of the loan. In connection with the West Taurus, SFL recorded 
a net negative book adjustment of approximately $186.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, inclusive of the gain 
on the redemption of the bank debt. 
 
In the fourth quarter of 2020, we negotiated amended terms for the financing agreement relating to the harsh 
environment jackup rig West Linus, pursuant to which we will provide a corporate guarantee for the entire 
outstanding loan amount, in exchange for more flexible financing terms. The rig is employed on a sub-charter by 
Seadrill to an oil major throughout 2028. The terms of the loan relating to West Hercules remain unchanged. 
 
As previously announced, Seadrill's failure to pay hire under the leases for the Company's drilling rigs when due, 
along with certain other events, including the commencement of its Chapter 11 Proceedings, constitute events of 
default under such leases and the related financing agreements. Unless cured or waived, an event of default under 
a lease agreements or related financing agreements could result in enforcement of the applicable provisions 
thereunder, including making payments under certain guarantees of the loan facilities relating to our drilling rigs. 
 
The failure of the charterers of our drilling rigs to meet their respective obligations to us under our existing lease 
agreements, including a rejection of such leases which could lead to a redelivery of all or some the rigs, in the 
Chapter 11 Proceedings or any material changes to the commercial terms of such agreements, including reductions 
in the charter rates payable to us, or any material payments that we are required to make under our guarantees or 
any acceleration of our debt as a result of an event of default thereunder would likely have material adverse effect 
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, ability to pay dividends to our shareholders 
and compliance with covenants in our credit facilities. 
 
 
Other than stated above, there has been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or Group's 
financial position or profitability. 
 
 
11.4 Significant change in the Group’s financial position  
 
There has not occurred any significant change in the financial position of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which interim financial information has been published.

--- Page 28 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
28
12 Documents available  
 
For the term of the Base Prospectus, the following documents (or copies thereof) can be inspected at the offices or 
on the Issuer’s website as specified in section 5.1.1 of this Base Prospectus: 
 
(a) the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the issuer; and 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the issuer’s 
request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 29 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
29
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for the 
issuance of Bonds.  
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can take 
place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing Limit 
will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3 or 6 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days prior to 
each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount, or at the 
Redemption Price as specified in the Final Terms if the Issuer does not, on or before the Target Observation Date, 
deliver written evidence (to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction) that the Sustainability Performance Target has been 
met, as confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance with customary procedures. 
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 30 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
30
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding 
of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined in the Bond 
Terms. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the Base 
Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new issue. 
 
 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Terms, including any 
Additional Bonds, and (ii) any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which form an integrated part of the Bond 
Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time.  
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the Bondholders 
in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, including enforcement 
of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take such 
steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights of the 
Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a Bond, 
subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms.

--- Page 31 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
31
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
A day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system is open, and the relevant Bond 
currency settlement system is open and banks generally are open for business 
in Oslo and New York. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day (Following Business Day convention). However, no adjustment will be made to the Interest 
Period. 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). The Interest 
Period is adjusted accordingly. 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the Outstanding 
Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means a person or group of persons, other than Hemen Holding Ltd. and/or other companies 
controlled directly or indirectly by Mr. John Fredriksen, his direct lineal descendants, the personal 
estate of any of them and any trust created for the benefit of any of the aforementioned persons 
and their estates, gaining Decisive Influence over the Issuer. 
 
 
Co-Manager: 
The bond issue’s co-manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of 
days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in which 
case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month.

--- Page 32 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
32
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days 
basis). 
 
 
De-Listing Event: 
Means the occurrence of an event whereby the Issuer's shares ceases to be listed on the New 
York Stock Exchange or another recognised Exchange. 
 
 
Decisive Influence: 
A person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or interests in 
another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) 
a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) 
a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that 
 
other person. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond / Nominal 
Amount: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue. 
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against payment 
or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Early redemption 
option due to a tax 
event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the Outstanding 
Bonds prior to the Maturity Date due to a tax event. 
 
In such case the terms of the early redemption option will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on markets 
in financial instruments (MiFIR). 
 
 
External Verifier: 
Means any qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation services appointed by the 
Issuer (acceptable to the Bond Trustee) to review and confirm the Issuer’s performance against 
the Sustainability Performance Target. 
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian FSA only approves the template for Final 
Terms as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the quality of the securities that are subject of the Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
In the case of USD LIBOR: Second London business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 33 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
33
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment Date 
corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
SFL Corporation Ltd. is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Bookrunner: 
The bond issue’s joint bookrunner(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a Joint 
Bookrunner may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option or Early redemption option due to a tax event. The Maturity Date coincides with the 
last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 34 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
34
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to be in charge of keeping the records for the bond issue in 
the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each Bondholder 
will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and put price will be specified in the 
Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
 Means a Change of Control Event or a De-Listing Event 
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date (if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option or Early 
redemption option due to a tax event) at  
(a) a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount; or 
(b) the Redemption Price if the Issuer does not, on or before the Target Observation Date, deliver 
written evidence (to the Bond Trustee's satisfaction) that the Sustainability Performance Target 
has been met, as confirmed by the External Verifier in accordance with customary procedures. 
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed, as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or USD LIBOR or any other rate as specified in 
the Final Terms, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Sustainability Linked 
Bond Framework: 
Means the Issuer's Sustainability Linked Bond Framework adopted by the Issuer in April 2021 
establishing the Issuer's sustainability strategy priorities and goals with respect to the 
Sustainability Performance Target. 
 
 
Sustainability 
Performance Target: 
Means the sustainability performance target set out in the Sustainability Linked Bond 
Framework.

--- Page 35 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
35
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or more 
occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds have 
been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the Bonds 
outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate nominal 
amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap issues 
under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Target Observation 
Date: 
Means the date falling one (1) month prior to the Maturity Date, provided that if such date is not 
a Business Day, it shall mean the next proceeding Business Day. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the Additional 
Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the supplement, will 
be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The Bond Terms 
governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and 
the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest period 
can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the Issue 
Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske sertifikat- 
og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in January 2020: 
https://finansanalytiker.no/innlegg/januar-2020-oppdatert-konvensjon-for-det-norske-sertifikat-
og-obligasjonsmarkedet/   
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any Bond 
Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct understanding of 
the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds for refinancing of existing bonds and for general 
corporate purposes. 
 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be available for 
inspection at the offices of SFL Corporation Ltd., Par-la-Ville Place, 14 Par-la-Ville Road, Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda 
or on the Issuer’s website at www.sflcorp.com. 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement.

--- Page 36 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
36
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation Period 
Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition of 
"Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of “Market 
Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 104,000. In addition, there is a 
listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will be 
specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior unsecured debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer other than obligations 
which are mandatorily preferred by law. The Bonds shall rank ahead of subordinated capital. 
 
The Bonds are unsecured. 
 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond Terms 
on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent provided for 
in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the Joint 
Bookrunner(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Company is a corporation 
organised under the laws of Bermuda. The Company operates under the provisions of the Bermuda Companies 
Law of 1981.

--- Page 37 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
37
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) before 
listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a Bond 
Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the 
Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and including 
the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and 
including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 38 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
38
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.6 Rating 
The Issuer has not been rated. 
 
The Bonds have not been rated. 
 
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 2.

--- Page 39 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
39
Cross reference list 
 
Reference in 
Registration 
Document 
Refers to 
Details 
11.1 Historical 
Financial 
Information for 
the Company 
Interim Report Q2 2021 available at 
https://www.sflcorp.com/category/quarte
rly-reports/ 
Consolidated Statements of Operations, page 8 
Consolidated Balance Sheets, page 9 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 10 
 
 
Interim Report Q1 2021 available at 
https://www.sflcorp.com/category/quarte
rly-reports/   
Consolidated Statements of Operations, page 8 
Consolidated Balance Sheets, page 9 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page 10 
 
 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://www.sflcorp.com/category/annual
-reports/   
Consolidated Statements of Operations, page F-5 
Consolidated Balance Sheets, page F-7 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page F-8 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages F-11 – F-66 
 
Annual Report 2019, available at 
https://www.sflcorp.com/category/annual
-reports/   
Consolidated Statements of Operations, page F-5 
Consolidated Balance Sheets, page F-7 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, page F-8 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements, 
pages F-11 – F-63 
11.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://www.sflcorp.com/category/annual
-reports/  
Auditors’ report, pages F-2 – F-4  
 
Annual Report 2019, available at 
https://www.sflcorp.com/category/annual
-reports/   
Auditors’ report, page F-2 – F-4 
 
 
References to the documents mentioned above are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 40 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
40
Joint Bookrunners' and Co-Manager’s disclaimer 
 
Arctic Securities AS, DNB Bank ASA and Pareto Securities AS as Joint Bookrunners, and SMBC Nikko Capital 
Markets Limited as Co-Manager, have assisted the Company in preparing this Base Prospectus. The Joint 
Bookrunners and the Co-Manager have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and the Joint Bookrunners and the Co-
Manager expressly disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the issuance or distribution 
of bonds by SFL Corporation Ltd.  
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Bookrunners and the Co-Manager, 
available at their respective websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information 
between different parts of the Joint Bookrunners and the Co-Manager may prevent employees of the Joint 
Bookrunners and the Co-Manager who are preparing this Base Prospectus from utilizing or being aware of 
information available to the Joint Bookrunners and the Co-Manager and/or any of their affiliated companies and 
which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint 
Bookrunners and the Co-Manager, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the 
accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo / London, 24 September 2021 
 
 
Arctic Securities AS 
(www.arctic.com) 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
 
Pareto Securities AS 
(www.paretosec.com) 
 
 
 
SMBC Nikko Capital Markets Limited 
(www.smbcnikko-cm.com)

--- Page 41 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
41
Annex 1 Memorandum and articles of association

--- Page 75 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
42
Annex 2 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 76 ---
[Annex 2] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hamilton (Bermuda), [Date]

--- Page 77 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert the following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness

--- Page 78 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 24 September 2021 and [the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 24 September 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the “Base 
Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.sflcorp.com/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Par-la-Ville Place, 14 Par-la-Ville Road, 
Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda, or their successor (s).

--- Page 79 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
SFL Corporation Ltd.,  
Par-la-Ville Place, 
14 Par-la-Ville Road 
Hamilton HM 08 Bermuda 
Telephone: +1 441 295 9500 
 
Registration number EC-34296 in the Registrar of Companies in 
Bermuda. 
LEI-code ((legal entity identifier): 549300RLYYPSB0C7RH77. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 24 September 2021. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
SFL Corporation Ltd 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a corporation organized under the laws of 
Bermuda. The Company operates under the provisions of the 
Bermuda Companies Law of 1981. 
Principal activities 
SFL is an international ship owning and chartering company with 
a large and diverse asset base across the maritime, renewable 
and offshore asset classes and business sectors. 
Major shareholders 
 
To the Issuer’s knowledge, the ownership of our Common Shares with respect to each shareholder who 
beneficially own five percent or more of our outstanding Common Shares is as follows: 
 
Owner 
Number of Common Shares 
Precent of Common Shares 
Hemen Holding Limited 
25,728,687 
18.6%
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management

--- Page 80 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
Name  
Position  
Ole B. Hjertaker 
Chief Executive Officer 
Aksel C. Olesen 
Chief Financial Officer 
Trym Otto Sjølie 
Chief Operating Officer 
Thecla Panagides 
Chief Accounting Officer 
André Reppen 
Chief Treasurer & Senior Vice President 
Jannicke Eilertsen 
Compliance Officer 
 
 
Statutory auditors 
Moore Stephens P.C. 
 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information 
 
 
SFL Corporation Ltd consolidated financial statements: 
 
Amounts in thousands of USD 
Interim Report 
Interim Report 
Annual Report 
 
Q2 2021 
Q1 2021 
2020 
2019 
Operating income 
43,180 
42,065 
-138,174 
137,777 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
 1 852 853  
 1 961 427  
 1 997 758  
 2 511 499  
Net Cash flows from operating 
activities 
61,964 
62,992 
276,475 
249,707 
Net Cash flows from financing 
activities 
106,842 
-54,752 
-431,432 
-89,204 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-15,102 
-8,624 
176,339 
-169,881 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2020. 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer  
• 
Cyclicality and volatility within the maritime industry may 
lead to reduced revenues and profitability 
• 
Financial instability may result in reduced access to credit 
and may disable us from repaying all of our obligations, 
including interest payments on the Bonds 
• 
Risks of terrorism and political and social unrest could 
have a material adverse impact on the Company’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and 
ability to pay coupons, debt installments and/or dividends 
• 
Government regulation of vessels, particularly in the areas 
of safety and environmental requirements, can be 
expected to become stricter in the future and require the 
Company to incur significant capital expenditures on its 
vessels to keep them in compliance, or even to scrap or 
sell certain vessels altogether 
• 
The Company is exposed to Litigation risks 
• 
The Bonds may not comply with future sustainability-
linked bond standards 
• 
If counterparties were to breach their obligations to SFL 
under any of these agreements, the Company’s 
shareholders and bondholders would have to rely on SFL 
to pursue its remedies against those counterparties 
• 
Interest rates give rise to changes in the valuations of 
interest rate swaps and could adversely affect the results 
of the Company’s operations and other comprehensive 
income 
• 
Restrictions in the Company's financial indebtedness and 
risk related to market value of vessels may unable the 
Company to make distributions to its shareholders

--- Page 81 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
• 
Volatility in price, illiquidity in the market and callable 
bonds 
• 
Significant cash requirement to meet debt obligations and 
sustain operations 
• 
The Issuer may have insufficient funds to make required 
redemptions or repurchases of the Bonds 
• 
Restrictive covenants may lead to inability to finance 
operations, capital needs and to pursue business 
opportunities 
• 
Interest rate risk 
• 
Level of subordination of the Bonds 
 
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading is as follow: [●] . 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 82 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
SFL Corporation Ltd is registered with the Registrar of Companies in 
Bermuda with registration number EC-34296. The Company’s LEI code 
is 549300RLYYPSB0C7RH77. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
Unsecured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR / USD LIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 83 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin]  
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] % p.a. 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
Redemption Price is [redemption price] % 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.

--- Page 84 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
[terms of the call option] 
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the early redemption option] 
 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.7. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the Base 
Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 85 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.5.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.sflcorp.com  
 
 
Joint Bookrunners: 
[name of joint bookrunners] as [type of bookrunner] 
 
 
Co-Managers: 
[name of co-managers] as [type of manager] 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name and address of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 104,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 86 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd. 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of joint bookrunners and co-managers] as [type of bookrunner and manager] for 
the issuance of the Loan. The [type of bookrunner and manager] [has/have] acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in 
relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The [type of bookrunner and manager] will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as possible 
after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the [type of bookrunner and manager]: 
[name of joint bookrunners and co-managers] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The [type of 
bookrunners and managers] have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made, and the [type of bookrunner and manager] expressively 
disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this 
prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The 
statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving 
this prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the [type of bookrunner and manager] nor on any 
person affiliated with them in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment 
decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of joint bookrunners and co-managers] 
[web address of joint bookrunners and co-managers]

--- Page 87 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
43
Annex 3 Subsidiaries 
 
 
Significant Subsidiaries 
 
The table below lists the Company's significant subsidiaries as of the date of this prospectus: 
  
   
   
   
 
Name 
Vessel / Activity 
Incorporation 
Ownership 
Percentage 
SFL Energy Inc. 
Front Energy 
Marshall Islands 
100% 
SFL Force Inc. 
Front Force 
Marshall Islands 
100% 
Front Heimdall Inc 
Glorycrown 
Liberia 
100% 
Front Baldur Inc. 
Everbright 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Management AS 
Management company 
Norway 
100% 
Ship Finance Management (UK) Limited Management company 
United Kingdom 
100% 
SFL Management (Bermuda) Limited 
Management company 
Bermuda 
100% 
SFL Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd 
Management company 
Singapore 
100% 
SFL Bulk Holding Ltd. 
Intermediate holding company 
Bermuda 
100% 
SFL Container Holding Limited 
Intermediate holding company 
Bermuda 
100% 
SFL Tanker Holding Limited 
Intermediate holding company 
Bermuda 
100% 
SFL Capital I Ltd. 
Financing 
Bermuda 
100% 
SFL Capital II Ltd. 
Financing 
Bermuda 
100% 
SFL Capital V Ltd. 
Dormant 
Bermuda 
100% 
SFL Hudson Inc 
SFL Hudson 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Yukon Inc 
SFL Yukon 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Sara Inc 
SFL Sara 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Humber Inc 
SFL Humber 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Kate Inc 
SFL Kate 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Tyne Inc 
SFL Tyne 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Clyde Inc 
SFL Clyde 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Dee Inc 
SFL Dee 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Trent Inc 
SFL Trent 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Medway Inc 
SFL Medway 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Spey Inc 
SFL Spey 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Kent Inc 
SFL Kent 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Sea Cheetah Limited 
Dormant 
Cyprus 
100% 
SFL Sea Halibut Limited 
Dormant 
Cyprus 
100% 
SFL Sea Pike Limited 
Dormant 
Cyprus 
100% 
SFL Sea Jaguar Limited 
Dormant 
Cyprus 
100% 
SFL Sea Leopard Limited 
Dormant 
Cyprus 
100% 
SFL Sea Bear Limited 
Dormant 
Cyprus 
100% 
SFL Chemical tanker Ltd. 
SFL Weser 
Marshall Islands 
100% 
SFL Chemical tanker II Ltd. 
SC Guangzhou 
Marshall Islands 
100% 
SFL Ace I Company Ltd. 
Dormant 
Malta 
100% 
SFL Ace II Company Ltd. 
Dormant 
Malta 
100% 
SFL Hercules Ltd. 
West Hercules 
Bermuda 
100% 
SFL Deepwater Ltd 
Dormant 
Bermuda 
100% 
SFL Linus Ltd 
West Linus 
Bermuda 
100% 
Alice Container Inc. 
MSC Alice 
Marshall Islands 
100%

--- Page 88 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
44
SFL Composer Inc. 
SFL Composer 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Conductor Inc. 
SFL Conductor 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Loire Inc. 
San Felipe 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Seine Inc. 
San Felix 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Somme Inc. 
San Fernando 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Taurion Inc. 
San Francisca 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Kenai Inc. 
Sinochart Beijing 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Crolly Inc. 
Min Sheng 1 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Rufina Inc 
MSC Arushi R. 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Rosanna Inc. 
MSC Vaishnavi R. 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Romana Inc. 
MSC Julia R. 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Roberta Inc. 
Santa Roberta 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Ricarda Inc. 
Santa Ricarda 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Rebecca Inc. 
Santa Rebecca 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Rafaela Inc. 
Santa Rafaela 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Victoria Inc. 
MSC Vidhi 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Virginia Inc. 
MSC Margarita 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Battersea Inc 
Battersea 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Beijing Inc. 
Golden Beijing 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Belgravia Inc. 
Belgravia 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL China Inc 
KSL China 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Future Inc 
Golden Future 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Magnum Inc. 
Golden Magnum 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Zheijang Inc. 
Golden Zheijang 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Zhoushan Inc 
Golden Zhoushan 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Sarat Inc. 
Maersk Sarat 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Shivling Holding Inc. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Shivling Inc. 
Maersk Shivling 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Skarstind Holding Inc. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Skarstind Inc. 
Maersk Skarstind 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Sabine Inc. 
SFL Sabine 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Trinity Inc. 
SFL Trinity 
Liberia 
100% 
Nilgun Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Jemima Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Belle Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Rossella Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Korea Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Japan Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Alabama Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Edith Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Caitlin Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Mandy Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Santhya Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Giannina Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Alyssa Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Himanshi Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Erminia Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Rig Holding (Bermuda) Limited 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Bermuda 
100%

--- Page 89 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
45
SFL TEU Capital Ltd. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Bermuda 
100% 
SFL Axia Inc. 
Thalassa Axia 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Doxa Inc. 
Thalassa Doxa 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Mana Inc. 
Thalassa Mana 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Tyhi Inc. 
Thalassa Tyhi 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Capsan Holding Ltd. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Marshall Islands 
100% 
SFL Vincent Inc. 
Cap San Vincent 
Marshall Islands 
100% 
SFL Lazaro Inc. 
Cap San Lazaro 
Marshall Islands 
100% 
SFL Juan Inc. 
Cap San Juan 
Marshall Islands 
100% 
SFL Ace 1 Company Inc. 
Asian Ace 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Ace 2 Company Inc. 
Green Ace 
Liberia 
100% 
Sarah International Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
England Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Positano Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Wisdom Inc. 
Landbridge Wisdom 
Marshall Islands 
100% 
SFL Zambezi Holding Inc. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Zambezi Inc. 
Maersk Zambezi 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Hawaii Holding Inc. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Hawaii Inc. 
SFL Hawaii 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Maui Holding Inc. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Maui Inc. 
SFL Maui 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL PCTC Holding Inc. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Emden Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Wolfsburg Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Elpida Holding Inc. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Elpida Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Patris Holding Inc. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Patris Inc. 
Dormant 
Liberia 
100% 
Rig Holding Linus Inc. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Liberia 
100% 
Rig Holding Taurus Inc. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Liberia 
100% 
SFL Finance Corporation Ltd. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Marshall Islands 
100% 
River Box Holding Inc. 
Intermediate Holding Company 
Liberia 
49.9%

--- Page 90 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
46
Annex 4 Complete fleet list 
 
Type  
Vessel  
Charterer  
Built  
Capacity  
Backlog  
Bulk 
Sinochart Beijing 
Sinotrans 
2012 
82.000 DWT 
Q4 2022 
Bulk 
SFL Yukon 
Short term 
2010 
57.000 DWT 
 
Bulk 
SFL Tyne  
Short term 
2012 
32.000 DWT 
 
Bulk 
SFL Trent 
Short term 
2012 
34.000 DWT 
 
Bulk 
SFL Spey  
Short term 
2011 
34.000 DWT 
 
Bulk 
SFL Sara  
Short term 
2011 
57.000 DWT 
 
Bulk 
SFL Medway  
Short term 
2011 
34.000 DWT 
 
Bulk 
SFL Kent 
Short term 
2012 
34.000 DWT 
 
Bulk 
SFL Kate  
Glovis 
2011 
57.000 DWT 
Q3 2021 
Bulk 
SFL Humber 
Glovis 
2012 
57.000 DWT 
Q4 2022 
Bulk 
SFL Hudson 
Short term 
2009 
57.000 DWT 
 
Bulk 
SFL Dee  
Short term 
2013 
32.000 DWT 
 
Bulk 
SFL Clyde  
Short term 
2012 
32.000 DWT 
 
Bulk 
Min Sheng 1 
Sinotrans 
2012 
82.000 DWT 
Q3 2022 
Bulk 
KSL China 
Golden Ocean 
2013 
180.000 DWT Q3 2025 
Bulk 
Golden Zhoushan 
Golden Ocean 
2011 
176.000 DWT Q3 2025 
Bulk 
Golden Zhejiang 
Golden Ocean 
2010 
176.000 DWT Q3 2025 
Bulk 
Golden Magnum 
Golden Ocean 
2009 
180.000 DWT Q3 2025 
Bulk 
Golden Future 
Golden Ocean 
2010 
176.000 DWT Q3 2025 
Bulk 
Golden Beijing 
Golden Ocean 
2010 
176.000 DWT Q3 2025 
Bulk 
Belgravia 
Golden Ocean 
2009 
170.000 DWT Q3 2025 
Bulk 
Battersea 
Golden Ocean 
2009 
170.000 DWT Q3 2025 
Car Carriers 
TBN DF PCTC NB 4  Asian Liner 
Operator 
2024 
7.000 CEU 
Q2 2034 
Car Carriers 
TBN DF PCTC NB 3  Asian Liner 
Operator 
2024 
7.000 CEU 
Q1 2034 
Car Carriers 
Wolfsburg 
Volkswagen 
2023 
7.000 CEU 
Q3 2033 
Car Carriers 
Emden 
Volkswagen 
2023 
7.000 CEU 
Q2 2033 
Car Carriers 
SFL Conductor 
Volkswagen 
2006 
6.500 CEU 
Q3 2023 
Car Carriers 
SFL Composer 
Volkswagen 
2005 
6.500 CEU 
Q2 2023 
Chemical 
SC Guangzhou 
 
2008 
17.000 DWT 
 
Chemical 
SFL Weser 
Short term 
2008 
17.000 DWT 
 
Container 
Thalassa Elpida 
Evergreen 
2014 
14.000 TEU 
Q1 2024 
Container 
Thalassa Patris 
Evergreen 
2013 
14.000 TEU 
Q4 2023 
Container 
SFL Hawaii  
Maersk 
2014 
6,800 TEU 
Q1 2028 
Container 
SFL Maui  
Maersk 
2013 
6.800 TEU 
Q4 2027 
Container 
Maersk Zambezi  
Maersk 
2020 
5.300 TEU 
Q3 2028 
Container 
MSC Reef  
MSC 
2016 
19.400 TEU 
Q3 2033 
Container 
MSC Erica 
MSC 
2016 
19.400 TEU 
Q4 2033 
Container 
Cap San Juan  
Maersk 
2015 
10.600 TEU 
Q4 2024 
Container 
Cap San Vincent 
Maersk 
2015 
10.600 TEU 
Q3 2024 
Container 
Cap San Lazaro  
Maersk 
2015 
10.600 TEU 
Q3 2024 
Container 
Thalassa Axia 
Evergreen 
2014 
14.000 TEU 
Q4 2024 
Container 
Thalassa Doxa 
Evergreen 
2014 
14.000 TEU 
Q3 2024 
Container 
Thalassa Tyhi  
Evergreen 
2014 
14.000 TEU 
Q3 2024 
Container 
Thalassa Mana 
Evergreen 
2014 
14.000 TEU 
Q3 2024 
Container 
MSC Vaishnavi R. 
MSC 
2002 
4.100 TEU 
Q3 2025 
Container 
MSC Vidhi 
MSC 
2001 
5.800 TEU 
Q1 2024

--- Page 91 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
47
Type  
Vessel  
Charterer  
Built  
Capacity  
Backlog  
Container 
Maersk Skarstind 
Maersk 
2016 
9.500 TEU 
Q3 2024 
Container 
San Francisca 
Maersk 
2015 
8.700 TEU 
Q1 2025 
Container 
San Fernando 
Maersk 
2014 
8.700 TEU 
Q1 2025 
Container 
San Felix 
Maersk 
2014 
8.700 TEU 
Q4 2024 
Container 
San Felipe 
Maersk 
2014 
8.700 TEU 
Q3 2024 
Container 
MSC Zlata R.  
MSC 
2002 
4.100 TEU 
Q3 2025 
Container 
MSC Viviana 
MSC 
2017 
19.200 TEU 
Q1 2032 
Container 
MSC Vidisha R 
MSC 
2002 
4.100 TEU 
Q3 2025 
Container 
MSC Margarita 
MSC 
2002 
5.800 TEU 
Q1 2024 
Container 
MSC Katya R.  
MSC 
2002 
4.100 TEU 
Q3 2025 
Container 
MSC Julia R.  
MSC 
2002 
4.100 TEU 
Q3 2025 
Container 
MSC Arushi R. 
MSC 
2002 
4.100 TEU 
Q3 2025 
Container 
MSC Anna 
MSC 
2016 
19.200 TEU 
Q4 2031 
Container 
MSC Anisha R. 
MSC 
2002 
4.100 TEU 
Q3 2025 
Container 
MSC Alice 
MSC 
2003 
1.700 TEU 
Q2 2022 
Container 
Maersk Shivling 
Maersk 
2016 
9.300 TEU 
Q4 2024 
Container 
Maersk Sarat  
Maersk 
2015 
9.500 TEU 
Q2 2024 
Container 
Asian Ace 
Short term 
2005 
1.700 TEU 
 
Container 
Green Ace 
Short term 
2005 
1.700 TEU 
 
Jack Up 
West Linus * 
Seadrill 
2014 
450 ft 
 
Product tanker 
SFL Trinity 
Phillips 66 
2017 
114.000 DWT Q3 2024 
Product tanker 
SFL Sabine 
Phillips 66 
2017 
114.000 DWT Q3 2024 
Semi-submersible West Hercules * 
Seadrill 
2008 
10.000 ft 
 
Suezmax 
Glorycrown 
Short term 
2009 
156.000 DWT  
Suezmax 
Everbright 
Short term 
2010 
156.000 DWT  
VLCC 
Landbridge Wisdom Landbridge 
2020 
308.000 DWT Q2 2027 
VLCC 
Front Force 
Frontline 
2004 
300.000 DWT Q1 2027 
VLCC 
Front Energy 
Frontline 
2004 
300.000 DWT Q2 2027 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Charter backlog illustrations are based on the fixed charter period, excluding any options, and the information 
may change without notice. Vessels on short term charters (<1 year) are shown as “short term contract”. Some 
charters have purchase options that will if exercised reduce the contracted backlog. The data is for illustrational 
purposes only and SFL is not responsible for the accuracy and reliability of the data. 
 
*) Seadrill has disclosed that it is evaluating comprehensive restructuring alternatives to reduce debt service costs 
and overall liabilities, including leases. While no assurances can be provided with regards to the outcome of the 
Seadrill restructuring and negotiations, SFL continues to have constructive dialogue with Seadrill and the relevant 
financing banks.

--- Page 92 ---
SFL Corporation Ltd., 24 September 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
48
Annex 5 Contracted charter backlog 
 
 
 
The Charter backlog illustrations are based on the fixed charter period, includes fully owned vessels and 100% of 
four partially owned 19,000 TEU container vessels, which SFL also manages. The backlog excludes rigs, charterers’ 
extension options and purchase options. The information may change without notice. Vessels on short term charters 
(<1 year) are shown as “short term contract”. Some charters have purchase options that will if exercised reduce the 
contracted backlog. The data is for illustrational purposes only and SFL is not responsible for the accuracy and 
reliability of the data. 
 
*) Seadrill has disclosed that it is evaluating comprehensive restructuring alternatives to reduce debt service costs 
and overall liabilities, including leases. While no assurances can be provided with regards to the outcome of the 
Seadrill restructuring and negotiations, SFL continues to have constructive dialogue with Seadrill and the relevant 
financing banks.