--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 26 JUNE 2023 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
 as Issuer and Guarantor 
(incorporated in France) 
 
SG ISSUER 
as Issuer 
(incorporated in Luxembourg) 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH 
as Issuer  
(incorporated in Germany) 
 
Warrants Issuance Programme 
 
For guidance on using this Base Prospectus and navigating between the different sections hereof, please refer to the "Base 
Prospectus - User Guide" section of this Base Prospectus (which is intended to assist investors in review of this Base 
Prospectus but which should nevertheless be read in conjunction with the other sections of this Base Prospectus). 
 
Under the Warrants Issuance Programme (the Programme), each of Societe Generale, SG Issuer and Societe Generale Effekten 
GmbH (each an Issuer and together the Issuers) may from time to time issue warrants (Warrants)    denominated in any currency 
agreed by the Issuer of such Warrants (the relevant Issuer) and the relevant purchaser(s).  
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) which 
is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers, the Guarantor 
and of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in the securities. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the 
Warrants issued under the Programme or the quality or solvency of the Issuers, in accordance with the provisions of Article 6(4) of 
the Luxembourg act on prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019, as amended. Such approval does not extend to money market 
instruments (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) having a maturity of less than one year or to Warrants (which are not publicly 
offered) to be admitted to trading on the Euro MTF (as defined below).  
 
The information on the websites does not form part of the prospectus (with the exception of links to the electronic addresses where 
information incorporated by reference is available) and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent authority. 
 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Warrants issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and (ii) the multilateral trading facility Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the Euro MTF). The regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014 (as amended, MiFID II) (a Regulated Market). 
 
The Euro MTF is not a Regulated Market and accordingly the CSSF is not the competent authority for the approval of this Base 
Prospectus in connection with Warrants issued under the Programme which are admitted to trading on the Euro MTF, but the Euro 
MTF is subject to the supervision of the CSSF. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus 
pertaining to Warrants admitted to trading on the Euro MTF. The CSSF therefore assumes no responsibility in relation to the issues 
of Warrants admitted to trading on the Euro MTF.  
 
Warrants issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other market, including any other 
Regulated Market in any Member State of the EEA and/or offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA. The applicable Final 
Terms in respect of the issue of any Warrants will specify whether or not such Warrants will be listed and admitted to trading on any 
market and/or offered to the public in any Member State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market.  
 
This Base Prospectus, which replaces the previous one dated 27 June 2022, has been approved on 26 June 2023 and is valid until 
26 June 2024 and must during such period and in accordance with Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any new significant facts or material errors or inaccuracies. The 
obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does 
not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
 
This Base Prospectus will be filed with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd (prospectus office) as competent review body under the Swiss 
Financial Services Act (the FinSA) for automatic acceptance of this Base Prospectus as an issuance prospectus in accordance with

--- Page 2 ---
2 
article 54(2) of the FinSA. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this Base Prospectus pertaining to 
Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange.  
 
The Warrants and any guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the U. S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the Securities Act) or under the securities law of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and trading in the Warrants 
has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC) under the U. S. Commodity Exchange Act of 
1936, as amended (the CEA). No person has registered and no person will register as a "commodity pool operator" of any Issuer 
under the CEA and the rules thereunder (the CFTC Rules) of the CFTC, and no Issuer has been and no Issuer will be registered as 
an investment company under the U. S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder 
(the Investment Company Act). The  Warrants are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S thereunder (Regulation S).   
 
Accordingly, the Warrants may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in an offshore transaction (as defined under 
Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a person who (a) is not (i) a U.S. person as defined in Regulation S (Regulation S 
U.S. Person) unless the applicable Final Terms specify that a U.S. person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (IRS U.S. Person) is also applicable, or (ii) if in the case of SGI Index Linked Warrants, Advised SGI Index is 
applicable or, if in the case of Portfolio Linked Warrants, Dynamic Portfolio is applicable, a person who is either a Regulation S U.S. 
Person or an IRS U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms specify that only a Regulation S U.S. Person is applicable; and (b) 
is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order 
proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a Non-United States person defined under 
CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are 
not Non-United States persons, shall be considered a U.S. person), and (c) is not a "U.S. person" for purposes of the final rules 
implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules) (a Risk Retention U.S. Person) (such a person or account as described herein, a Permitted 
Transferee). The Warrants are available only to Permitted Transferees.  
 
Notice of the number of Warrants and the issue price of  Warrants which are applicable to each issuance (as defined in the General 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants) of Warrants will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which (except in the 
case of Exempted Swiss Public Offer Warrant or Exempt Offer Warrant) (all as defined in the sections entitled "General Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Warrants" and "General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants") will be delivered to the 
CSSF.  
 
THE WARRANTS OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR APPROVED BY, ANY 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS 
OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY 
IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
 
U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Section 871(m) Regulations) 
generally impose a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid (within the meaning of the relevant Section 
871(m) Regulations) to a non-United States holder (a Non-U.S. Holder) with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. 
equities or indices that include U.S. equities (U.S. Underlying Equities). Specifically, and subject to special rules from 2017 through 
2022 set out in Notice 2020-2 (the Notice), the Section 871(m) Regulations will generally apply to Warrants issued on or after 1 
January 2017 that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. Underlying Equities as determined by the 
Issuers on the date for such Warrants as of which the expected delta of the product is determined by the Issuers based on tests in 
accordance with the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations (for the purposes of the Notice, such Warrants are deemed “delta-one” 
instruments) (the Specified Warrants). A Warrant linked to U.S. Underlying Equities, which the Issuer has determined not to be a 
Specified Warrant will not be subject to withholding tax under Section 871(m) Regulations. Investors are advised that the Issuer's 
determination is binding on all Non-U.S. Holders of the Warrants, but it is not binding on the United States Internal Revenue Service 
(the IRS) and the IRS may therefore disagree with the Issuer’s determination. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify if the Warrants are Specified Warrants, and, if so, whether the relevant Issuer or its withholding 
agent will withhold tax under Section 871(m) Regulations and the rate of the withholding tax. Investors should note that if the Issuer 
or any withholding agent determines that withholding is required, neither the relevant Issuer nor the withholding agent will be required 
to gross up any amounts withheld in connection with a Specified Warrant. Investors should consult their tax adviser regarding the 
potential application of Section 871(m) Regulations to their investment in the Warrants. 
 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Warrants should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary 
charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction in which the Warrants are transferred or other 
jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for 
financial instruments such as the Warrants. Potential investors are advised to consult their own tax adviser on the tax 
impacts of the acquisition, holding, disposal and exercise of the Warrants. The requirement to pay such taxes may reduce 
the effective yield on the Warrants and may also have an adverse impact on their value. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants state "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as Applicable, the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by

--- Page 3 ---
3 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants state "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", as Applicable, the Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance/target market – the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants will include a legend entitled “MiFID II 
product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants, and which channels for distribution 
of the Warrants are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a distributor) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU 
Delegated 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Warrants is a manufacturer in respect 
of such Warrants, but otherwise neither the Arranger or the Dealer nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants may include a legend entitled “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants and which channels for 
distribution of the Warrants are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a distributor) 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, 
any Dealer subscribing for any Warrants is a manufacturer in respect of such Warrants, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act  2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from 
time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants, in connection with Section 309B of 
the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the 
relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309(A)(1) of the SFA), that the Warrants 
are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).  
     
ARRANGER 
Societe Generale 
  
   
DEALERS 
Societe Generale  
SG Option Europe

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Table of Contents 
 
Section 
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME.................................................................................................................. 6 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................................................ 12 
BASE PROSPECTUS – USER GUIDE ...................................................................................................................................... 30 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................................. 52 
REGULATORY INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................................. 60 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS .............................................................................. 68 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................................................ 72 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS................................................................................................................... 83 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................................................ 84 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................................................................ 85 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW WARRANTS ................................................................. 130 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW WARRANTS .................................................................. 176 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FIXED LEVERAGE AND TURBO WARRANTS .................. 212 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE .......................................................................... 305 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED WARRANTS .................................................................. 418 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED WARRANTS AND DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED 
WARRANTS ........................................................................................................................................................................... 425 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS ................................................................ 434 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED WARRANTS......................................................... 438 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED WARRANTS ........................................... 446 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED WARRANTS .......................... 462 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED WARRANTS .................................................... 465 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS ................................................................. 480 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS .............................................................. 491 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS ....................................................... 542 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED WARRANTS ................................................................. 545 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETP LINKED WARRANTS AND FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS ...... 566 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON EQUITY SECURITY LINKED  WARRANTS ................................ 575 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED WARRANTS ............................................................. 577 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED WARRANTS....................................................... 582 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DIVIDEND LINKED WARRANTS ......................................................... 622 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO SECURED WARRANTS ........................................................ 635 
FORM OF GUARANTEE ........................................................................................................................................................ 652 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE ............................................................................................................................ 654 
DESCRIPTION OF SG ISSUER .............................................................................................................................................. 658 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH ............................................................................................ 662 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE INDICES ("SGI INDICES”) ................................................................................ 666 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................................. 667 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................. 670 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................................................... 681 
ON-GOING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS ..................................................................................................................................... 685

--- Page 5 ---
5

--- Page 6 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
6 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, this Base Prospectus 
and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any particular Tranche of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The following description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 as amended implementing the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Words and expressions defined in the sections headed "General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants" or, as the case 
may be, "General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants" shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
 
 
Hyperlinks of websites referred to in the Base Prospectus are exclusively for information purposes and must not be regarded as part 
of the Base Prospectus itself, unless the information to which they refer is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
 
1.    PARTIES TO THE PROGRAMME 
 
Issuers 
- Societe Generale 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 
 
- SG Issuer 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300QNMDBVTHX8H127 
 
- Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 529900W18LQJJN6SJ336 
 
Guarantor 
Societe Generale 
 
Arranger 
Societe Generale 
 
Dealers 
Societe Generale, SG Option Europe, and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
 
Listing Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Registrar, Transfer Agent and Exchange Agent  
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.  
 
Paying Agents 
Societe Generale (Paris); Societe Generale, Paris, Zurich Branch; Societe Generale, New York Branch; Societe Generale 
Luxembourg S.A.; Societe Generale, Sucursal en España; Societe Generale Securities Services S.p.A.; Computershare Investor 
Services (Jersey) Limited (for Warrants cleared with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited); , and/or any such additional or successor paying 
agent appointed in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants and the General Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Warrants. 
 
The Issuers may appoint or (as the case may be) maintain an additional paying agent in each jurisdiction where Uncertificated 
Warrants are registered and, if appropriate, for so long as any Uncertificated Warrants are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
the Issuers will maintain a paying agent with a specified office in Luxembourg, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In respect of EUI Warrants, the Issuers may appoint or (as the case may be) maintain an additional paying agent in the United 
Kingdom. 
 
In respect of Uncertificated SIS Warrants and other Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, Societe Generale, Paris, Zurich Branch 
shall act as Principal Swiss Paying Agent, together with further additional Swiss Paying Agents which may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
2.      DESCRIPTION 
 
Warrants Issuance Programme 
 
Warrants issued under the Programme are intended to constitute "non-equity securities", within the meaning of Article 2(c) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
 
3.       METHOD OF DISTRIBUTION 
 
Warrants may be distributed to qualified investors and/or non-qualified investors, and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
 
Warrants may be offered at a price as specified in the applicable Final Terms which:

--- Page 7 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
7 
 
(a) will be the Issue Price or the Issue Price up to a maximum specified in the applicable Final Terms, represented by a distribution 
fee payable upfront by the Issuer to the distributors; or 
 
(b) will be the market price which will be determined by the Dealer on a daily basis (and, as the case may be, in accordance with 
market conditions then prevailing including the current market price of the Underlying(s)); and/or will evolve between the Issue Date 
and the last day of the Offer Period on a linear basis in such way specified in the applicable Final Terms on the last day of the Offer 
Period and will be provided by the Dealer to any Warrantholders  upon request; or 
 
(c) will be fully subscribed by the Dealer and thereafter offered to the public in the secondary market in France, at the Issue Price, 
during the Offer Period; or 
 
(d) will evolve between dates specified in the applicable Final Terms in order to reach a specific maximum level on a specific date, in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
Offer Price (t) = OfferPriceBase x (1 + ConvergencePercentage x Nb(t) / 360) 
 
Where: 
 
OfferPriceBase means a number specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
ConvergencePercentage means a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
Nb(t) means the number of calendar days between the Issue Date and the date "t" on which the value of the Warrants is calculated 
(both dates included);or 
 
(e) will be determined by the Dealer on a continuous basis in accordance with the market conditions then prevailing and depending 
on market conditions, the offer price shall be equal to, higher or lower than the Issue Price; or 
 
(f) will be provided by the Dealer by way of quotes made available in the market specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
 
and which, in all cases, may be increased by such fees, if any, as disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4.     CURRENCIES 
 
The payment obligations in respect of any Warrants may be in any currency or currencies agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
 
Payments in respect of Warrants may, subject to compliance as aforesaid, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies 
other than the currency in which the Settlement Amount of Warrants is calculated. 
 
5.    ISSUE PRICE 
 
Warrants will be issued at an issue price expressed as an amount per Warrant (as specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
 
6.   EXERCISE OF WARRANTS 
 
Warrants may be European or American Style and may be subject to Automatic Exercise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject as provided below, the Warrants will have such exercise periods and expiry dates as may be agreed between an Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, subject to such limits as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to such Issuer or the relevant Settlement Currency. Warrants may be open-ended and, in 
such circumstances, will not have a fixed expiry date. Open-ended Warrants only expire on the occurrence of designated events 
which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
European Style Warrants are also known as Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants. Where the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the Warrants are Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants, any references in the Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final 
Terms to European Style Warrants shall be deemed to be a reference to Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants.   
 
 
7.     SETTLEMENT / CANCELLATION / EARLY EXPIRATION OF WARRANTS 
 
Warrants may be (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) cash settled and/or (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants) settled on 
exercise by delivery of certain Deliverable Assets, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Warrants may be cancelled for tax reasons, at the option of the Issuer or the Warrantholder or automatically upon the occurrence of 
one or more trigger events, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants may also expire early on the occurrence of certain events, which will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
8. REDENOMINATION / CONVERSION OF CURRENCY AND/OR CONSOLIDATION

--- Page 8 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
8 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that certain Warrants may be redenominated in/converted into euro. The relevant provisions 
applicable to any such redenomination/conversion are contained in the General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
and the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants. 
 
Warrants denominated in a currency that may be redenominated/converted into euro may be subject to consolidation with other 
Warrants denominated in euro. 
 
9.  STATUS OF THE WARRANTS 
 
Warrants issued by Societe Generale will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Societe 
Generale ranking as senior preferred obligations, as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of French Code Monétaire et Financier. 
 
Warrants issued by SG Issuer (other than Secured Warrants) and by Societe Generale Effekten GmbH will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer and by Societe Generale Effekten GmbH. 
 
Secured Warrants will be issued by SG Issuer only. 
 
The provisions relating to Secured Warrants are more fully described in the section "Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Secured Warrants". 
 
10. CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS 
 
Each issue of Warrants denominated in a currency in respect of which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements in full force (see "Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions") including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Under the Luxembourg act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the Luxembourg Prospectus Act), which implements 
the Prospectus Regulation, prospectuses relating to money market instruments having a maturity at issue of less than twelve months 
and complying with the definition of securities (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) do not constitute a prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
11. TYPE OF WARRANTS 
 
Fixed Leverage Warrants  
 
Payments in respect of Fixed Leverage Warrants will be calculated by reference to one or more underlyings described above as 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Fixed Leverage Warrants 
are designed to track the performance of a Leveraged Strategy, after taking into account deduction of certain costs, and through 
tracking the performance of the Leveraged Strategy, the Fixed Leverage Warrants provide a daily exposure to the relevant underlying. 
The exposure to the relevant underlying provided by the Warrants is amplified by a target daily exposure. If the underlying to the Fixed 
Leverage Warrants moves in the opposite direction to that anticipated by investors, the losses incurred by the Fixed Leverage 
Warrants will be greater in percentage terms than those incurred by the underlying itself. The prices of Fixed Leverage Warrants can 
therefore be volatile. However, the payout value of Fixed Leverage Warrants cannot be less than zero. As Fixed Leverage Warrants 
are reset on a daily basis, an investor's capital could erode very quickly following a continued succession of positive or negative 
performance of the Warrant underlying. Fixed Leverage Warrants may also provide for physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) 
as set out in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. The terms and conditions of Fixed Leverage Warrants may be subject to 
adjustment if certain events affecting the relevant underlying asset occur, all as more fully described in the relevant Additional Terms 
and Conditions. Fixed Leverage Warrants will be issued by applying the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fixed Leverage Warrants 
and the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions in respect of the relevant underlying asset.  
 
Turbo Warrants  
 
Payments in respect of Turbo Warrants will be calculated by reference to one or more underlying assets described above as agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. If a Turbo Warrant's stop loss 
level is reached at any point during the product lifespan, the product will expire, potentially with no remaining value. The entire invested 
capital (plus any potential gains made during the lifetime of the product) is at risk. However, the payout value of a Turbo Warrant 
cannot be less than zero. Turbo Warrants may also provide for physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions. The terms and conditions of Turbo Warrants may be subject to adjustment if certain events affecting 
the relevant underlying asset occur, all as more fully described in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. Turbo Warrants will 
be issued by applying the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants and the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions in respect of the relevant underlying asset.  
 
Formula-Linked Warrants 
 
Amounts payable or deliverable in respect of exercise of Formula-Linked Warrants are determined by reference to one or several 
formula(e) which are based on the underlying(s) of such Formula-Linked Warrants. Formula-Linked Warrants may also provide for 
delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. The terms and conditions of Formula-
Linked Warrants may be subject to adjustment if certain events affecting the relevant underlying asset occur, all as more fully

--- Page 9 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
9 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions. Formula-Linked Warrants will be issued by applying the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae and the Additional Terms and Conditions in respect of the relevant underlying asset. 
 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants and any delivery of any Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of Physical Delivery 
Warrants will be made in accordance with the terms of the applicable Final Terms, subject always to applicable securities laws. 
 
12. TYPE OF STRUCTURED WARRANTS 
 
Structured Warrants  
 
Structured Warrants will provide investors with an exposure to one or more Underlyings. Payments of any amounts in respect of 
Structured Warrants will be calculated by reference to such Underlying. Item "Type of Structured Warrants" of the applicable Final 
Terms will specify the relevant type of Underlying of the Structured Warrants. Any Structured Warrant may be exposed to more than 
one Underlying, in which case more than one type of Structured Warrant will be specified. For each such Underlying and type of 
Warrant, the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions will apply. The application of such Additional Terms and Conditions will also 
be specified in item "Type of Structured Warrants" of the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the relevant Underlying and state where information on the relevant Underlying, in particular 
on its past and future performance and on its volatility, can be found and whether or not the relevant Issuer intends to provide further 
information on the Underlying. 
 
Each type of Underlying for Structured Warrants is further described below. 
 
Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to one or 
more shares or depositary receipts as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants may also provide for settlement of the Warrants by 
physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and 
Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants. Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants may be subject to early 
termination of the Warrants or adjustment if certain corporate events, delisting, merger or de-merger, nationalisation or insolvency 
occur, all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked 
Warrants. 
 
Index Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Index Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to the performance of one or more indices as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Index Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants. 
 
Index Linked Warrants are linked to the performance of an index that is not composed by the relevant Issuer. In accordance with the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 as amended, the applicable Final Terms contains the name of the index and 
an indication of where to obtain information about the index.  
 
SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of SGI Index Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to one or more Societe Generale Indices as the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
SGI Index Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants. 
 
SGI Index Linked Warrants are linked to the performance of an index that is composed by Societe Generale or any other legal entity 
belonging to the Societe Generale group (an SGI Index).  
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of the SGI Indices, Societe Generale, is included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Articles 34 and 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
 
In respect of the description of each SGI Index, this Base Prospectus contains in the section "Description of  Societe Generale Indices 
("SGI Indices")", in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 as amended, an index description including 
the essential characteristics to enable an investor to fully understand the index and its dynamics and make an informed assessment.   
 
It should be noted that additional SGI Indices may be used as underlyings following the publication of a supplement in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, containing an index description of such additional Indices.  
 
ETF Linked Warrants

--- Page 10 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
10 
 
Payments in respect of ETF Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to one or more exchange traded funds as agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Subject to applicable laws and regulations, 
ETF Linked Warrants may also provide for settlement of the Warrants by physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants. ETF Linked Warrants may be subject to 
early termination of the Warrants or adjustments, all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked 
Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants. 
 
ETP Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of ETP Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to the performance of one or more exchange trade 
products as the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. ETP Linked 
Warrants may also provide for settlement of the Warrants by physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants. ETP Linked Warrants may be subject to early 
termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Condition for ETP Linked Warrants 
and for ETF Linked Warrants. 
 
Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Reference Rate Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to one or more reference rate as agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reference Rate Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants. 
 
Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to one or more foreign exchange rate 
as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants. 
 
Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Commodity Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to one or more commodities and/or commodity 
indices as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Commodity Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants. 
 
Fund Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Fund Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to units, interests or shares in a single fund or basket 
of funds on such terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. Subject to applicable laws and regulations, Fund Linked Warrants may also provide for settlement of the Warrants by 
physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants. 
 
Fund Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment, as applicable, or if certain corporate events 
occur, all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants. 
 
Credit Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Credit Linked Warrants will be linked to the credit, and possibly the CDS spread, of a specified entity or entities 
and will be issued on such terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the event of the occurrence of certain circumstances (which may include, amongst other things, Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, 
Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium or Restructuring) in relation to a Reference Entity or, with respect 
to Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, Reference Entities, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the obligation 
of the relevant Issuer to pay or deliver, as the case may be, the Settlement Amount, may be replaced by (i) an obligation to pay other 
amounts which are equal to either certain fixed amount(s) as specified in the applicable Final Terms or amounts calculated by 
reference to the value of the Deliverable Asset(s) (which may, in each case, be less than the par value of the Warrants at the relevant 
time) and/or (ii) an obligation to deliver the Deliverable Asset(s), all as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Warrants.  
 
Credit Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants. 
 
Inflation Linked Warrants

--- Page 11 ---
General Description of the Programme 
 
11 
Payments in respect of Inflation Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to inflation indices as agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Inflation Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants. 
 
Bond Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Bond Linked Warrants will be linked to the credit of a specified obligation (the "Bond" as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) issued by a specified issuer (the "Bond Issuer" as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and will be issued 
on such terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the event of the occurrence of certain circumstances (which may include, amongst other things, Bond Acceleration, Bond Default, 
Bond Failure to Pay or Bond Restructuring) in relation to a Bond or Bonds (with respect to Basket of Bond Linked Warrants) in each 
case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the obligation of the relevant Issuer to pay a settlement on the exercise date may be 
replaced by (i) an obligation to pay other amounts which are equal to either certain fixed amount(s) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or amounts calculated by reference to the value of the underlying assets (which may, in each case, be less than the par value 
of the Warrants at the relevant time).  
 
Bond Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants. 
 
Non-Equity Security Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Non-Equity Security Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to one or more non equity securities or 
futures contracts thereon as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. Non-Equity Security Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination of the Warrants or adjustment, as more fully 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Non-Equity Security Linked Warrants. 
 
Future Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Future Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to one or more future contracts as agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. Future Linked Warrants may be subject to 
early termination of the Warrants or adjustments, as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked 
Warrants. 
 
Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Portfolio Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to a portfolio of underlyings as the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree and as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Portfolio Linked Warrants may also provide for settlement of the Warrants by physical delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) as set out 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants. Portfolio Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination 
of the Warrants or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional Terms and Condition for Portfolio Linked Warrants. 
 
Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Dividend Linked Warrants will be calculated by reference to dividends linked to one or more shares, depositary 
receipts and/or indices as agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Dividend Linked Warrants may be subject to early termination or adjustment as more fully described in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants.

--- Page 12 ---
Risk Factors 
 
12 
 
RISK FACTORS 
 
The discussion below is of a general nature and is intended to describe various risk factors associated with an investment 
in the Warrants. You should carefully consider the following discussion of risks and any risk factors included in the 
documents incorporated by reference herein. 
 
The Issuers and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Warrants 
issued under the Programme, but the failure of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to pay principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Warrants may occur or arise for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuers or 
the Guarantor based on information currently available to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate.  
 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings when used in this section. 
 
To the best of each Issuer’s knowledge, in each category of Risk Factors, the risk factor identified by the Issuers as the most important 
appears first. For the rest of the risk factors, the order of appearance is not an indication of the importance or the likelihood of their 
occurrence. 
 
1. RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP 
 
1.1 Risks related to the macroeconomic, geopolitical, market and regulatory environments 
 
These risks are detailed on pages 163 to 167 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document by reference (see Section "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"). 
 
1.2 Credit and counterparty credit risks 
 
These risks are detailed on pages 168 to 169 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference (see Section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
 
1.3 Market and structural risks 
 
These risks are detailed on pages 169 to 170 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference (see Section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
 
1.4 Extra-financial risks (including operational risks) and model risks 
 
These risks are detailed on pages  to 171 to 174 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference (see Section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
 
1.5 Liquidity and funding risks 
 
These risks are detailed on page 171 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference (see Section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
 
1.6 Risks related to insurance activities 
 
These risks are detailed on page 174 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document incorporated by reference (see Section 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"). 
 
2. RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR 
 
2.1 Factors that may affect Societe Generale's ability, as Issuer or Guarantor, to fulfil its obligations under the Warrants  
 
In case of Warrants issued by Societe Generale, if Societe Generale defaults or goes bankrupt, the Warrantholders may suffer a 
partial or total loss of the amount invested. If Societe Generale is subject to measures in respect of the regulations relating to the 
statutory bail-in mechanism (bail-in), their debt may be reduced to zero, converted into equity (shares) or debt securities or undergo 
a maturity postponement. Their investment is not covered by any guarantee or compensation system. Societe Generale’s credit 
ratings are an assessment of its ability to honour its commitments. Consequently, any actual or anticipated downgrading of Societe 
Generale’s credit ratings may affect the market value of the Warrants. 
 
Societe Generale unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees the payment of all amounts due under the Warrants by SG Issuer or 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH  (SG Effekten) and as a result the Warrantholders are exposed to the credit risk of Societe Generale 
as Guarantor. Societe Generale’s credit ratings are an assessment of its ability to honour its commitments. Consequently, any actual 
or anticipated downgrades of Societe Generale’s credit ratings may affect the market value of the Warrants. 
 
2.2 Factors that may affect SG Issuer's or SG Effekten's ability, as Issuer, to fulfil its obligations under the Warrants 
 
In case of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten, SG Issuer's or SG Effekten's  activity consists inter alia in issuing debt 
securities and the funds collected are systematically deposited with Societe Generale in the form of either term loans or swap contracts 
and pursuant to which SG Issuer or SG Effekten  will receive from Societe Generale the amounts due under the Warrants. SG Issuer's

--- Page 13 ---
Risk Factors 
 
13 
or SG Effekten's  ability to make payments under the Warrants will therefore depend primarily on the performance of its obligations 
by Societe Generale under such hedging transactions entered into between SG Issuer or SG Effekten  and Societe Generale. 
 
If SG Issuer or SG Effekten defaults or goes bankrupt, as a result of the limited recourse clause on SG Issuer or SG Effekten included 
in the terms and conditions of the Warrants, the Warrantholders have no recourse against SG Issuer or SG Effekten and any amount 
due and unpaid by SG Issuer or SG Effekten must be claimed against Societe Generale as Guarantor. 
 
If the resolution authorities take structural bail-in measures in accordance with the regulations relating to the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms, against securities issued by Societe Generale or SG Issuer (statutory bail-in) or against  
structured securities of Societe Generale (contractual bail-in) then the investment of the Warrantholders may be reduced to zero, 
converted into equity (shares) or debt securities or be subject to a maturity postponement and in such case the obligations of Societe 
Generale as Guarantor shall be adjusted to such reduction, conversion or postponement. Their investment is not covered by any 
guarantee or indemnity system. 
 
2.3 Information in relation with the lack of independence of each Issuer and, as the case may be, the Guarantor - Conflict of 
interest  
 
Societe Generale will act as issuer under the Programme, as the Guarantor of the Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten , as 
Calculation Agent and also as provider of hedging instruments to each Issuer. As a result, investors will be exposed not only to the 
credit risk of Societe Generale but also to operational risks arising from the lack of independence of Societe Generale, in assuming 
its duties and obligations as the Guarantor, Calculation Agent and provider of the hedging instruments. Whilst compliance procedures 
require effective segregation of duties and responsibilities between the relevant divisions within the Guarantor, the possibility of 
conflicts of interest arising cannot be wholly eliminated.  
 
The Group provides a full array of capital market products and advisory services worldwide including the issuance of "structured 
securities” where the amounts due under the Warrants are linked to the performance of underlying assets and may possess or acquire 
material and/or confidential information about the underlying assets and/or the reference entities which is not public knowledge and 
which are or could be important to the Warrants. 
 
Such business activities and such material and/or confidential information may cause consequences adverse to the Warrantholders. 
The Issuers, the Guarantor and any other member of the Group have no obligation to disclose such information about such underlying 
assets or the obligors to which they relate or the reference entities.  
 
The Calculation Agent, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the Exchange Agent may 
be all part of the Group. A deterioration of Societe Generale's credit risk would have a negative impact on the obligations of each of 
the entities listed above in relation to the Warrants. If one of these entities does not respect its obligations towards the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Guarantor, this could have a negative impact on the value of the Warrants, the Warrantholders may therefore lose part or 
all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
2.4 Risk relating to the Restructuring Directive 
 
Societe Generale is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that Societe Generale becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where applicable, the “centre 
of main interests” (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of Societe Generale is located in France. The Directive 
(EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the 
efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has 
been transposed into French law by the Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 15 September 2021. Such ordonnance, applicable as from 1st 
October 2021, amends French insolvency laws notably with regard to the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency 
proceedings. According to this ordonnance, “affected parties” (including notably creditors, and therefore the Warrantholders) shall be 
treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall 
be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a sufficient commonality of interest based 
on verifiable criteria. Warrantholders will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning 
that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, the Warrantholders will 
be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may possibly be overridden 
by a cross-class cram down. 
 
Both the scopes of the Directive (EU) 2019/1023 and the ordonnance do not cover financial institutions, unless the competent authority 
chooses to make them applicable. In such a case, the application of French insolvency law to a credit institution such as Societe 
Generale is also subject to the prior permission of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution before the opening of any 
safeguard, judicial reorganisation or liquidation procedures. This limitation will affect the ability of the Warrantholders to recover their 
investments in the Warrants. 
 
Should such proceedings be opened, the commencement of insolvency proceedings against Societe Generale would have a material 
adverse effect on the market value of Warrants issued by Societe Generale. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of 
affected parties could negatively and significantly impact the Warrantholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover all or part of the amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
 
2.5 Risk relating to the Issuer substitution  
 
Societe Generale or SG Issuer or SG Effekten  may be replaced by each other or (with respect to English Law Warrants only) by any 
subsidiary or any other third party as principal obligor in respect of the Warrants without the consent of the relevant Warrantholders

--- Page 14 ---
Risk Factors 
 
14 
provided certain conditions are satisfied (inter alia no withholding tax triggered by the substitution, guarantee by Societe Generale to 
be maintained as the case may be). Any such substitution may impact the value of the Warrants and consequently the Warrantholders 
may lose part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
2.6 Risks of interruption or malfunction of Société Générale information and communication systems due to cyber 
criminality 
 
Société Générale and SG Issuer rely largely on Société Générale’s group information and communication systems to carry out their 
businesses. Any interruption or malfunction in the security of Société Générale’s systems, which could be caused in particular by a 
breakdown or operational failure of its financial intermediaries or external service providers which it uses to carry out or facilitate its 
securities operations or by malicious and/or fraudulent acts using digital means to reach data, data treatments and data users and 
constituting a cybercrime, could lead to malfunctions or interruptions in Société Générale Group’s information and communication. 
Even if the Société Générale’s group has developed means aiming at preventing the occurrence of such events, these risks cannot 
be totally excluded. If such interruptions, malfunctions, malicious and/or fraudulent acts occurred, Société Générale and/or SG Issuer 
might not be able to perform its obligations under the Warrants or might perform them only partly. In those cases, pursuant to the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, Société Générale and/or SG Issuer, upon notification to the Warrantholders, would 
suspend the performance of its obligations without this constituting an event of default and without interest accruing on the Warrants. 
Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
2.7 Risk relating to the applications of international  financial sanctions 
 
Economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar measures (the “Sanctions”) may be enacted, administered or enforced 
by the United Nations, the United States of America, the United Kingdom or the European Union (or any present or future member 
state thereof) (or by any agency of any of above mentioned) against countries, entities and/or individuals. Sanctions usually aim at 
prohibiting payments to be made to the relevant countries, entities and/or individuals, and as such may affect the capacity of the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, the paying agents and/or the clearing systems to effectuate the payments due under the Warrants in whole 
or in part. The Sanctions may be different from one of the jurisdictions or organizations mentioned above to another, they may have 
an extra territorial effect. The way of complying with the Sanctions also largely rely on the interpretation made by the authorities in 
charge of the implementation of these Sanctions. In that context, pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, 
Société Générale and/or SG Issuer, upon notification to the Warrantsholders, would suspend the performance of its obligations without 
this constituting an event of default and without interest accruing on the Warrants.  Consequently, investors may lose part or all of 
their investment in the Warrants. 
 
 
3. RISKS RELATED TO THE WARRANTS 
 
3.1 Risks related to the characteristics of the Warrants  
 
3.1.1 Risks linked to Warrants including a risk of capital loss  
 
For Warrants which include a risk of capital loss, the settlement value of such Warrants may be less than the amount initially invested. 
In a worst case scenario, investors may lose their entire investment. Moreover, regardless of the level of the capital protection, the 
investor may lose part or all of the initially invested amount, if the Warrants are sold by the investor or settled early.  
 
3.1.2 Risk of Leveraged Exposure  
 
Warrants embed a leverage factor increasing the exposure to the relevant underlying and will amplify both return and losses. While 
the use of leverage allows for potential multiples of a return (assuming a return is achieved) when the applicable underlying moves in 
the anticipated direction, it will conversely magnify losses when such underlying moves against expectations of investors. Prospective 
investors should note that Warrants will involve a higher level of risk, and that whenever there are losses such losses may be higher 
than those of a similar security which is not leveraged. Investors should therefore only invest in Warrants if they fully understand the 
effects of the leverage that may be embedded in the Warrants.  
 
3.1.3 Loss of Time Value  
 
The amounts due on exercise of the Warrants is typically expected to be negatively impacted by the "time value" of the Warrants. The 
"time value" of the Warrants will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to expiration and expectations concerning the 
value of the underlying of the Warrants. Warrants offer hedging and investment diversification opportunities but also pose some 
additional risks with regard to erosion in value.  
 
3.1.4 Worthless expiration of Warrants  
 
In the case of a Warrant which gives the Warrantholder the right to buy the Underlying at a specific price on or before a specified date 
(a Call Warrant), if the specified price of the Underlying on the Exercise Date is equal to or below the Strike, the Warrant will expire 
worthless. In the case of a Warrant which gives the Warrantholder the right to sell the Underlying at a specific price on or before a 
specified date (a Put Warrant), if the specified price of the Underlying on the Exercise Date is equal to or above the Strike, the 
Warrant will expire worthless. The closer the specified price of the Underlying to the Strike, the higher the probability of such an 
expiration. Strike means a set price at which an Underlying can be bought or sold when the Warrant is exercised. Call Warrants and 
Put Warrants could also give the Warrantholder the right to receive a cash amount or physical delivery amount, depending on the 
fluctuations in the price of the Underlying, calculated in accordance with the pre-specified formula in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
Risk Factors 
 
15 
3.1.5 Risks relating to the exercise of Warrants  
 
In the case of European Style Warrants, the Warrantholder cannot exercise the Warrants during their term. During this period, the 
value of the Warrants can only be realised by selling the Warrants. Risk: Market participants must be found who are prepared to 
purchase the Warrants at an appropriate price. The lower the achievable selling price, the greater the loss for the investor.  
In the case of American Style Warrants, the effectiveness of the exercise depends on the submission of an Exercise Notice and the 
delivery of the Warrants to the Paying Agent. The exact conditions for exercising effectively are laid down in the terms and conditions. 
Risk: If these conditions are met at a later point in time, the Valuation Date will also be postponed. Where the number of Warrants to 
be exercised exceeds the figure specified in the Exercise Notice, the excess Warrants shall be transferred back at the expense of the 
Warrantholder.  
 
If a certain minimum number of Warrants needs to be exercised, Warrantholders who do not have the required minimum number are 
either forced to sell their Warrants or buy more, with transaction costs in both cases incurred.  
 
3.1.6 Warrants subject to optional early expiration by the Issuer  
 
An optional early expiration feature of Warrants is likely to limit their market value. Before or during any period when the relevant 
Issuer may elect to settle the Warrants early, the market value of those Warrants generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be exercised.  
 
3.1.7 Warrants subject to Event-linked Early Expiration  
 
The Final Terms may specify that the Warrants can be subject to an Event-linked Early Expiration if the level of the underlying(s) 
becomes higher than, equal to or below one or more predefined level(s) on either predefined dates or at any time during the life of 
the Warrants. As a result, for those Warrants when the level of the underlying(s) reaches the predefined level(s), the Warrantholders 
will not benefit from the performance of the underlying(s) subsequent to such event.  
 
3.1.8 Early settlement at the option of the Issuer (following a Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event or Force Majeure 
Event or for a decrease in issuance size) 
 
The Issuer may decide to cancel the Warrants at market value upon the occurrence of certain events (including, without limitation, a 
change in law or regulation, including tax law, or a force majeure event affecting the Issuer or an entity of its group, if the number of 
Warrants outstanding held at such time by Warrantholders falls below or equal to 10% of the initial number of such Warrants). This 
could result in Warrantholders receiving an amount on cancellation which may be lower than the amount initially invested and being 
settled earlier than they had anticipated and the Warrantholders will not benefit from the performance of the underlying asset(s) 
subsequent to such event.   
 
3.1.9 Risks related to adjustment, substitution or cancellation of the Warrants  
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Warrants give the Calculation Agent a certain discretion to determine whether any event(s) affecting 
the Warrants or the underlying(s) has occurred in accordance with such Terms and Conditions.  The Calculation Agent also has 
certain discretion in order to determine the consequences thereof for the Warrants, the underlying(s) or the hedging transactions, 
including determination of the price of the underlying(s) and the choice between (a) mechanisms to adjust or substitute the 
underlying(s), (b) the deduction of the increase in the cost of hedging of any amount due, (c) the monetisation and, consequently, the 
de-indexation of the formula of the Warrants for all or part of the amounts due under the Warrants on the underlying(s) and/or (d) the 
early settlement or cancellation of the Warrants by the Issuer, without any obligation to take into account the interest of the 
Warrantholders. In the absence of manifest or proven error, these adjustments, substitutions or cancellation decisions will be binding 
upon the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Agent and the Warrantholders. Each of these measures imposed on the Warrants may 
result in the total or partial loss of the amount invested (regardless of the level of capital protection of the Warrants, if any). 
 
3.1.10 Trading in the Warrants and/or Underlyings may be suspended, interrupted or terminated  
 
If the Warrants are listed on one (or more) regulated or unregulated markets, the trading of such Warrants may – depending on the 
rules applicable to such markets – be suspended or interrupted by the respective stock exchange or a competent regulatory authority 
upon the occurrence of a number of reasons, including violation of price limits, breach of statutory provisions, occurrence of 
operational problems of the stock exchange or generally if deemed required in order to secure a functioning market or to safeguard 
the interests of investors. Furthermore, trading in the Warrants may be terminated, either upon decision of the stock exchange or a 
regulatory authority.  
 
Where trading in an Underlying of the Warrants is suspended, interrupted or terminated, trading in the respective Warrants will usually 
also be suspended, interrupted or terminated and existing orders for the sale or purchase of such Warrants will usually be cancelled. 
Investors should note that the Issuer has no influence on trading suspension or interruptions and that investors in any event must 
bear the risks connected therewith. In particular, investors may not be able to sell their Warrants where trading is suspended, 
interrupted or terminated, and the stock exchange quotations of such Warrants may not adequately reflect the price of such Warrants. 
All these risks would, if they materialise, have a material adverse effect on the value of the Warrants and investors may therefore lose 
part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
3.1.11 Risks relating to the Paying Agent

--- Page 16 ---
Risk Factors 
 
16 
Any payments to Warrantholders will be made by the Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuers. The Issuers shall transfer to the Paying 
Agent such amount as may be due under the Warrants on or before each date on which such payment in respect of the Warrants 
becomes due.  
 
If the Paying Agent, while holding funds for payment to the Warrantholders in respect of the Warrants, is declared insolvent, the 
Warrantholders may not receive all (or any part) of amounts due to them in respect of the Warrants from the Paying Agent, in which 
case the Warrantholders will have to claim any payment  directly from the Issuer.  
 
3.1.12 Hedging and trading activity by the Issuers, the Guarantor and other members of the Group could potentially affect 
the value of the Warrants  
 
In the ordinary course of their business, whether or not they will engage in any secondary market making activities, the Issuers, the 
Guarantor and/or any other members of the Group may effect transactions for their own account or for the account of their customers 
and hold long or short positions in any underlying or reference asset(s), reference entities or obligors or related derivatives.  
 
These transactions may affect the Issuers' hedging positions, which could in turn impact the market value of the Warrants and 
consequently investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
3.1.13 Exchange rate risks and exchange controls  
 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal amount on the Warrants in the Settlement Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if a Warrantholder's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's 
Currency) other than the Settlement Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Settlement Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Settlement Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Warrants, (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Warrants and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value 
of the Warrants.  
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an 
applicable exchange rate. As a result, Warrantholders may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
 
3.1.14 Risks relating to Physical Delivery Warrants  
 
In the case of Warrants which are redeemable by delivery of assets, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on the due date 
for settlement of the Warrants and prevents delivery of the asset, the Issuer shall, in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, 
pay, in respect of each Warrant, the fair market value of the number of Underlying(s) (the Fair Market Value) to be delivered converted 
into the Settlement Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable. The Fair Market Value will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the basis of the market conditions on the first Business Day following the Delivery Period.  
 
3.1.15 Risks relating to Warrants referencing a benchmark  
 
Amounts due under the Warrants may be determined by reference to Reference Rates that constitute "benchmarks" for the purposes 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable.  
  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Warrants linked 
to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EEA.  
 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation, among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark within the 
UK. Notwithstanding the provisions applying to the Warrants, which seek to mitigate any adverse effects for the Warrantholders, the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable could have a material impact on any Warrants 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark", in particular: 
 
- an index that is a "benchmark" may not be permitted to be used by a supervised entity (including the Issuer) in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
 
- if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark" 
and as a consequence, Warrantholders could lose part of their investment or receive less income than would have been the case 
without such change.

--- Page 17 ---
Risk Factors 
 
17 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase 
the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements. 
  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer 
or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the "benchmark". 
  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Warrants linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
  
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Warrants which 
are linked to or which reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to 
such Warrants – please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of an Index Event could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any such Warrants linked to or referencing such "benchmarks"" below). Depending on the manner in which a 
benchmark rate is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances (i) result in the application of 
a backward-looking, risk-free overnight rate, whereas the benchmark rate is expressed on the basis of a forwardlooking term and 
includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application of 
a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could 
have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Warrants linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
  
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the existing provisions 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by Regulation 
(EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 
2021 published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 (the Amending Regulation). 
  
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by 
conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the European Commission, such replacement 
being limited to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third country benchmarks are 
extended until the end of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if 
necessary. The Amending Regulation applies as of 13 February 2021. 
  
The FCA confirmed on 5 March 2021 that all LIBOR settings will either cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be 
representative: 
 
-from 31 December 2021, in the case of all sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese yen settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US 
dollar settings; and 
-immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the remaining US dollar settings. 
 
Regulatory authorities and central banks are strongly encouraging the transition away from IBORs, such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, 
and have identified 'risk free rates' to replace such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (amongst others) (i) for GBP LIBOR, 
the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), so that SONIA may be established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark 
by the end of 2021, (ii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) to be eventually established as the primary 
US dollar interest rate benchmark, and (iii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, a new Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR or EuroSTR) as the new 
euro risk-free rate. Similar initiatives are currently underway in respect of each of the LIBOR rates in other currencies -– i.e. Japanese 
Yen (IBOR), Honk Kong Dollar (HIBOR), Swiss franc (CHF LIBOR), Australian dollar (BBSW) and Canadian dollar (CDOR) – to 
transition over to identified alternative risk free rates.   
  
In case of the occurrence of an Index Event, the applicable floating rate of interest could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on any such Warrants linked to or referencing such "benchmarks without any requirement that the consent of 
Warrantholders be obtained.  
  
Pursuant to  the terms and conditions of the Warrants, occurrence of certain events affecting the benchmarks (each an Index Event) 
such as loss of any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official 
register in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate, the permanent cessation of the 
Reference Rate or the loss of representativeness of the Reference Rate will trigger the application of certain fallbacks arrangements 
including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or other relevant reference rate (which could include, without limitation, any 
mid-swap rate) becomes unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on 
any Warrants by reference to such benchmark under the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable or otherwise. 
  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Replacement Rate with or 
without the application of an Adjustment Spread (which, if applied, could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to 
reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark) (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants to ensure the proper operation of the successor 
or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 18 ---
Risk Factors 
 
18 
No consent or approval of the Warrantholders shall be required in connection with effecting any successor rate or alternative rate (as 
applicable) or with any other related adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants (or any other 
document) which are made in order to effect any successor rate or alternative rate (as applicable). 
  
Investors should note that, the Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent will have a certain discretion to determine the 
Replacement Rate and as the case may be the Adjustment Spread in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could 
have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Warrantholder, any such adjustment 
may not be favourable to such Warrantholder. 
 
Investors should note that, the Calculation Agent will have a certain discretion to determine the Replacement Reference Rate and as 
the case may be the Adjustment Spread in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Warrantholder, any such adjustment may not be 
favourable to such Warrantholder. 
  
The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. These risk-free rates have a different methodology 
and other important differences from the IBORs they will eventually replace. Any of these developments could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on Warrants linked to any such rates.Warrantholders may therefore lose part or all of their investment 
in the Warrants. 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates.   
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Warrants allow Warrants referencing inter alia SONIA, SOFR, the Euro short term rate ("€STR"), 
SARON, TONA to be issued. The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, as reference rates in the capital markets, 
and their adoption as alternative to the relevant interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an 
application of risk free rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Warrants 
that reference a risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus. Warrantholders may therefore lose part or all of their investment in 
the Warrants. 
 
The nascent development of the use of these risk free rates as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as continued 
development of risk free rates-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or  could otherwise affect the market price of the Warrants. Amounts due under the Warrants 
which reference a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the relevant payment date. 
  
In addition, the Issuer or Calculation Agent has no control over the determination, calculation or publication of these risk-free rates. 
There can be no guarantee that they will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the 
interests of Warrantholders. 
  
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or 
other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Warrants. 
 
These risk-free rates may fail to gain market acceptance and any market of the Warrants indexed on these rates may be illiquid and 
unpredictable. Investors should not rely on indicative or historical data concerning these risk free rates. The investors are exposed to 
some discretion of the Calculation Agent to determine the interest rate that will replace the benchmarks that will cease to be published 
or used and to calculate the amount of interest needed to calculate the amounts due under the Warrants on the basis of the risk-free 
rates. 
 
3.1.16 Risks relating to legal, tax and regulatory changes  
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Warrants (including any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or connected therewith) are 
based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible 
judicial decision or change to such laws, or the official application or interpretation of such laws or administrative practices after the 
date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur during the term of the Warrants that may adversely affect the Warrants, the underlying, 
related derivatives or the collateral assets in the case of Secured Warrants. The regulatory environment is evolving, and changes in 
the regulation of any entities may adversely affect their value.   
 
Regulators and self-regulatory organisations and exchanges are authorised to take extraordinary actions in the event of market 
emergencies. The regulation of securities and derivatives transactions is an evolving area of law and is subject to modification by 
government and judicial action. The effect of any future regulatory change on the underlying, related derivatives or on the collateral 
assets could be material, including clearing and margin requirements for derivatives and consequently may adversely affect the value 
of the Warrants. Investors may therefore lose part or all of their investment in the Warrants. Investors may therefore lose part or all of 
their investment in the Warrants. 
 
3.1.17 Limited recourse against SG Issuer and SG Effekten 
 
Each holder of Warrant(s) issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten  is deemed to have acknowledged and undertaken, on its acquisition 
of such Warrant(s), that, in the event of a payment default by SG Issuer or SG Effekten  of any amount due in respect of any Warrants 
(such payment defaults, Defaulted Payments), such holder shall not institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, or otherwise

--- Page 19 ---
Risk Factors 
 
19 
assert a claim against SG Issuer or SG Effekten  to enforce such Defaulted Payments and waives all rights to institute such 
proceedings or make such claims in respect of such Defaulted Payments against SG Issuer or SG Effekten .  
 
Nevertheless, Warrantholders will continue to be able to claim against the Guarantor in respect of any unpaid amount.  
 
As a consequence, prospective investors in Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten  should note that in the case of Defaulted 
Payments the entitlement of the Warrantholders will be limited to the sums obtained by making a claim under the Guarantee, and the 
relevant provisions of the Guarantee.  
 
3.1.18 Waiver of set-off  
 
Pursuant to the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, the Warrantholders waive any right of or claims of set-off, netting, 
compensation, retention and counterclaim (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under 
or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or 
not relating to the Warrants) in relation to the Warrants, to the extent permitted by applicable law. As a result, the Warrantholders will 
not at any time be entitled to set-off the Issuer’s obligations under the Warrants against obligations owed by them to the Issuer.  
 
3.1.19 Meetings of Warrantholders 
 
The General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a video conference platform) of Warrantholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally (see Condition 16 
(Meetings of Warrantholders, of the General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants and of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the French Law Warrants). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Warrantholders, including 
Warrantholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, Warrantholders who did not consent to the Written Resolutions 
and Warrantholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. General meetings or written consultations may deliberate on any 
proposal relating to the modification of the conditions of the Warrants subject, in the case of French Law Warrants, to the limitations 
provided by French law. Only holders of French Law Warrants will, in certain circumstances, be grouped for the defence of their 
common interests in a separate legal entity called "Masse" (as defined in Condition 16 (Meeting of Warrantholders)). If the applicable 
Final Terms specify "No Masse", Warrantholders will not be grouped in a masse having legal personality governed by the provisions 
of the French Code de commerce and will not be represented by a representative of the masse. While it is not possible to assess the 
likelihood that the Conditions will need to be amended during the term of the Warrants by a meeting of the Warrantholders, if a 
decision is adopted by a majority of Warrantholders and such modifications impair or limit the rights of Warrantholders, this may 
negatively affect the market value of the Warrants and Warrantholders may therefore lose part or all of their investment in the 
Warrants, although the probability of such a decision being taken by Warrantholders is considered to be low. 
 
3.2 Risks relating to the market of the Warrants  
 
3.2.1 Market value of the Warrants  
 
The trading market for the Warrants may be volatile and may be adversely impacted by many events 
 
The market for the Warrants is influenced by the economic and market conditions, interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation 
rates in Europe and other industrialised countries and areas. There can be no assurance that events in France, Europe or elsewhere 
will not cause market volatility or that such volatility will not adversely affect the price of Warrants or that economic and market 
conditions will not have any other adverse effect. 
 
Such factors may mean that the trading price of the Warrants and accordingly Warrantholders may receive an amount or an asset 
with a value significantly lower than the amount that they invested to purchase the Warrants. 
 
3.2.2 Risks relating to the secondary market of the Warrants  
 
If the Warrants are subject to market making agreements, the aim is to ensure the liquidity of the Warrants on the markets where they 
are traded, assuming normal market conditions and normally functioning IT systems. Certain exceptional market circumstances may 
adversely affect the liquidity of the Warrants. Warrantholders may not be able to sell their Warrants easily or may have to sell them at 
a price that significantly affects the amount they earn. This may result in a partial or total loss of the amount invested.  
 
Certain Warrants have materially relevant liquidity risk. Certain exceptional market circumstances may adversely affect the liquidity 
of the Warrants. Warrantholders may not be able to sell their Warrants easily or may have to sell them at a price that significantly 
affects the amount they earn. This may result in a partial or total loss of the amount invested.  
 
There may be no market on which Warrants may be traded, which may have a material adverse effect on the price at which such 
Warrants can be resold and may result in the total or partial loss of the amount invested. The Warrants may be completely illiquid and 
may not be able to be resold.  
 
3.2.3 Reinvestment risks  
 
The Warrants may expire early or be subject to cancellation at a time when an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the 
proceeds at an expected yield as high as the return on the Warrants being exercised or cancelled, as the case may be, and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower yield. Prospective investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.

--- Page 20 ---
Risk Factors 
 
20 
At any time, the market value of the Warrants depends essentially on changes in market parameters (price level of the underlying(s), 
interest rates, volatility and credit spreads) and may therefore result in a risk of total or partial loss on the amount initially invested. 
 
4. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO STRUCTURED WARRANTS 
 
4.1 Common risks relating to all Structured Warrants 
 
Risks relating to the Underlying(s) - gap risk 
 
The amounts due under the Structured Warrants are calculated by reference to the prices of the Underlying(s) depending on the 
indexing formula for these amounts, it being specified that the past performance of an Underlying does not in any way prejudge its 
future performance. Potential investors are exposed to the risk of losing all or a substantial part of the amount invested. The issuers 
or owners of assets underlying the Warrants do not participate in the offer of the Warrants and have no obligation to take into account 
the interests of the Warrantholders, when they take decisions likely to affect the value of these assets. 
 
The relevant level, value or price of one or more Underlying(s) may change suddenly and significantly during the trading day or at the 
opening of the market. Such change may be positive or negative and is known as the "Gap Risk". If the price of the Warrants includes 
a premium, this will be calculated to take account of the cost to the relevant Issuer or its affiliates of unwinding its hedging positions 
in relation to the Warrants on early termination of the Warrants and the Gap Risk associated with the relevant level, value or price of 
the Underlying(s). Warrantholders will not receive a refund of this premium if an Automatic Early Termination Event occurs, which 
could significantly reduce the return a Warrantholder stands to receive on its investment.  
 
Potential limitation in the benefit of the peformance of the price of the Underlying(s)  
 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the exposure of the Warrants to one or more Underlyings is limited or capped at a certain 
level or amount, the relevant Warrants will not benefit from any upside in the value of any such Underlying(s) beyond such limit or 
cap. In this case, Warrantholders will not receive as much from their investment as they would have done if they had invested directly 
in the Underlying(s) or in alternative Warrants without such features. The likelihood of this occurring is dependent on the likelihood of 
the Underlying(s) performing such that the limit or cap affects the Warrants.  
 
Absence of rights in respect of the Underlying(s)  
 
The Warrants do not represent a claim against any Underlying (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect 
of an Underlying) and Warrantholders will not have any right of recourse under the Warrants to any such Underlying (or any issuer, 
sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying). The Warrants are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying and such entities have no obligation 
to take into account the consequences of their actions on any Warrantholders and such consequences may have a negative impact 
on the value of the Warrants. Warrantholders may therefore lose part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
Investors in Physical Delivery Warrants should also refer to "Risks relating to Physical Delivery Warrants" above. In addition, Societe 
Generale, SG Issuer, Societe Generale Effekten and/or any entity of the Societe Generale's group may take any action in respect of 
the Underlying(s) and the Warrantholders will have no right or claim against Societe Generale, SG Issuer, Societe Generale Effekten 
and/or any entity of the Societe Generale's group in respect of any amount that may be recovered by Societe Generale, SG Issuer, 
Societe Generale Effekten and/or any entity of the Societe Generale's group in respect of such Underlying. 
 
4.2 Fixed Leverage Warrants 
 
Fixed Leverage Warrants embed a daily leverage mechanism which aims to amplify a long or short exposure to the underlying to 
which the Fixed Leverage Warrants relate. Amounts payable or deliverable in respect of Fixed Leverage Warrants will change by a 
proportionally greater amount than any change to the value of the underlying to which the Fixed Leverage Warrants relate, which may 
result in investors losing all or a substantial part of their investment. The value of Fixed Leverage Warrants can therefore be volatile. 
In addition, because the exposure of Fixed Leverage Warrants to the underlying to which they relate is reset on a daily basis, an 
investor's capital could erode very quickly following a continued succession of positive or negative performance of the Warrant 
underlying. Fixed Leverage Warrants may also be subject to a number of costs which would negatively impact the value of the Fixed 
Leverage Warrants. 
 
4.3 Turbo Warrants 
 
Turbo Warrants usually embed a leverage mechanism which aims to amplify a long or short exposure to the underlying to which the 
Turbo Warrants relate. Amounts payable or deliverable in respect of Turbo Warrants will, in these circumstances, change by a 
proportionally greater amount than any change to the value of the underlying to which the Turbo Warrants relate, which may result in 
investors losing all or a substantial part of their investment. The value of Turbo Warrants can therefore be volatile. Turbo Warrants 
may also be subject to a number of costs which would negatively impact the value of the Turbo Warrants. 
 
4.4 Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to an Index 
 
The policies of the sponsor of an index as regards additions, deletions and substitutions of the assets underlying the index and the 
manner in which the index sponsor takes account of certain changes affecting such underlying assets may affect the value of the 
index.

--- Page 21 ---
Risk Factors 
 
21 
The policies of an index sponsor with respect to the calculation of an index could also affect the value of the index. An index sponsor 
may discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of information relating to its index. Any such actions could affect the value 
of the Warrants and Warrantholders may therefore lose part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
An index sponsor may at any time during the life of the Warrants discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of information 
relating to its index. As a consequence, investors in Index Linked Warrants are exposed to the risk of discontinuance of the operational 
capacity and expertise of the Index Sponsor to ensure the calculation and maintenance of the index according to the methodology in 
force throughout the life of the Warrants. 
 
4.4.1 Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to an SGI Index 
 
The composition of certain indices to which the Warrants are linked, and the methodologies used in relation to these indices, can be 
determined and selected by Societe Generale or one of its related companies. In the choice of these methodologies, it can be expected 
that Societe Generale or the relevant related company of Societe Generale will take into account its own objectives and interests and 
/ or those of the Group, and no guarantee can be given that the methodologies chosen will not be less favorable for the interests of 
investors than the methodologies used by other index sponsors in comparable circumstances. 
 
If the hedging activities of Societe Generale or one of its related companies are disrupted in relation to a particular index, Societe 
Generale or the related company concerned may decide to end the calculations of this index, sooner than would another index 
sponsor in comparable circumstances. This could cause adjustments, de-indexation, substitution of the Index or the early cancellation 
or expiration of the Warrants. 
 
4.4.2 Conflicts of interest in connection with proprietary indices  
 
Societe Generale acts as sponsor of proprietary indices (SGI Indices). These indices are calculated by an external calculation agent 
in accordance with rules, which describe the methodology for determining the composition and calculation of these proprietary indices 
(the Rules). 
 
(i) With regard to proprietary indices composed in a discretionary basis by Societe Generale or an affiliate of Societe Generale to 
which Warrants are linked, Societe Generale may face a conflict of interest between its obligations as issuer of these Warrants and 
as a composer of these indices, given that the determination of the composition of these indices may have an impact on the value of 
the Warrants. Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
(ii) With regard to proprietary indices composed by a third party to which the Warrants are linked, Societe Generale may face a conflict 
of interest between its obligations as issuer of these Warrants and as a sponsor of these indices, insofar as it can modify or supplement 
the Rules, in accordance with the Rules, which may have an impact on the value of the Warrants. Consequently, investors may lose 
part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
(iii) With regard to proprietary indices composed by the application of a mathematical formula in a non-discretionary manner by Societe 
Generale or any third party, Societe Generale may face a conflict of interest between its obligations as issuer of these Warrants and 
as a sponsor of these indices, insofar as it may modify, in accordance with the Rules, certain parameters (such as the funding spread) 
or provide the assessment of certain components, which may have an impact on the value of the Warrants. Consequently, investors 
may lose part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
4.5 Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to a Fund 
 
4.5.1 Risks relating to underlying Funds 
 
Some Funds may have little or no oversight and regulation, which can increase the likelihood of fraud and negligence on the part of 
Fund managers and / or investment advisers, their brokerage firm or the banks. 
 
The Funds may include complex tax structures and deferrals in the distribution of important tax information. 
 
The Funds on which Structured Warrants may be indexed may not publish information on their transactions and portfolios. 
 
The members of the Group may from time to time obtain information on specific Funds, which may not be available to the general 
public in the ordinary course of their business, and not in relation to the offer of Warrants (including as funds which are managed by 
managers part of Societe Generale group). As part of the ordinary course of their business, Group members may recommend, or 
decide not to recommend, certain specific Funds to their customers, which may appear, currently or in the future, among the underlying 
funds used in the pay-off formula of Structured Warrants. All the positions that may be taken by the members of the Group in respect 
of the expected future performance of one or more funds (including in respect of funds which are managed by managers part of 
Societe Generale group) do not constitute an indication of the future performance of this/these funds. 
 
4.5.2 Fund managers' investment strategies 
 
The fund managers (including a manager that is part of Societe Generale group) do not participate in the offer of the Warrants in any 
way and have no obligation to take into account the interest of the Warrantholders in taking measures which could have an impact on 
the value of the shares or units of the underlying funds and therefore on the value of the Warrants. Consequently, investors may lose 
part or all of their investment in the Warrants.

--- Page 22 ---
Risk Factors 
 
22 
The manager and / or investment advisor of the Underlying Fund who implements the investment strategy of the Fund may decide to 
invest in financial assets or instruments which themselves carry risk with a view to maximizing profits, including by borrowing amounts 
that may represent more than 100% of the Fund's asset value. The manager and / or investment adviser may be all the more 
encouraged when his remuneration is indexed to the performance of the Fund. These elements can have a significant negative impact 
on the share / share of the Underlying Fund and therefore on the value of the Warrants. Consequently, investors may lose part or all 
of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
4.5.3 Fund managers and/or investment advisors of the underlying fund(s) 
 
The performance of underlying Fund(s) will depend to a considerable extent on the performance of the fund's managers and/or 
investment advisors of the Fund(s). Investors in Fund Linked Warrants are therefore exposed to the risk of fraud and misrepresentation 
by unaffiliated fund managers or investment advisers. In addition, the fund managers and/or the investment advisors may be removed 
or replaced, the allocation of assets may vary from time to time and the various positions of the investments of the underlying Fund(s) 
may be economically offsetting, all of which may affect the performance of the underlying Fund(s). 
 
The fund managers and/or the investment advisors may manage or advise other funds and/or accounts and may have financial and 
other incentives to favour such other funds and/or accounts over the underlying Fund(s). Also, the fund managers and/or the 
investment advisors may manage or advise for their own accounts and the accounts of their clients and may make recommendations 
or take positions similar or dissimilar to those of the underlying Fund(s) or which may compete with the underlying Fund(s). 
 
4.5.4 Fees, deductions and charges will reduce any amounts due by the Issuer under the Warrants 
 
Fund fees and expenses will be deducted from the net asset value of the fund that may offset the Fund's trading profits, and hence 
reduce the value of the Fund units. 
 
Accordingly, to the extent that any amount due by the Issuer under the Warrants is linked to the net asset value of a fund, such amount 
payable to Warrantholders will be less than it would have been absent these fees, deductions and charges. 
 
4.5.5 The illiquidity of the underlying Fund's investments or the occurrence of certain extraordinary events may cause the 
determination of any amounts due by the relevant Issuer under the Warrants to be reduced or delayed. 
 
The settlement  and other relevant amounts due to investors in Fund Linked Warrants depend on the redemption proceeds of the 
units / shares of the Fund which will be paid by the underlying under a valid redemption order given by a hypothetical investor with 
effect as of the relevant valuation date. Substantial redemption orders on units/shares of an underlying Fund on a particular day 
(including by Societe Generale in liquidating the hedge relating to Structured Warrants) could require such funds to liquidate positions 
more rapidly than would be otherwise desirable and have a negative impact on the market value of the Warrants. Many funds have 
provisions whereby redemption requests are scaled back if the aggregate amount of such requests reaches a predetermined limit or 
where redemption orders can be delayed or suspended discretionarily. 
 
Investments of the underlying Fund may also not be readily saleable on or shortly after a redemption order if they are illiquid. 
 
If the proceeds from the redemption of the units or shares have not been paid by the underlying Fund on the initially   Scheduled 
Settlement Date or on any   early expiration date, the payment of any amount due by the relevant Issuer may be postponed after the  
settlement date up to a maximum period of two years or as specified in the Final Terms. If at the expiry of this period, the underlying 
Fund has not paid in full the redemption proceeds or the units or shares, the amount due under the Warrants shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the basis of what has actually been paid by the underlying Fund. The amount received by the investors in 
the Warrants may be as low as zero. 
 
4.5.6 Risks relating to master-feeder structure 
 
The underlying Fund(s) may invest as a “feeder” fund of a “master” fund, alongside present and future additional investors or feeder 
funds. A “feeder” fund usually refers to a fund which pools the investment capital raised from investors and invests (or “feeds”) such 
capital in an overarching umbrella fund (usually known as a “master” fund), which will be responsible for the investments in its portfolio. 
 
The underlying Fund(s) may be materially affected by the actions of such other investors and feeder funds investing in the master 
fund, particularly if they have large investments in the master fund. If such other investors or feeder funds with a large investment in 
the master fund redeem from the master fund, illiquidity in certain securities or markets could make it difficult for the master fund to 
liquidate positions on favourable terms to effect such redemption, which could result in losses or a decrease in the net asset value of 
the unit/share of the master fund and hence in the market value of the Warrants. In addition, to satisfy such redemptions, the sub-
manager may need to liquidate the master fund's most liquid investments; leaving remaining investors (including the underlying 
Fund(s)) invested in more illiquid instruments. Such withdrawals may also leave the master fund with a less diversified pool of 
investments. This may increase the overall portfolio risk of the master fund, and, ultimately, the Warrants. Conversely, the sub-
manager of the master-fund may refuse a redemption request if it believes that such request, if fulfilled, would have a material adverse 
impact on the remaining investors of the master fund. This may negatively impact the liquidity of the master fund and, therefore, the 
underlying Fund(s) and the the value of the Warrants. Consequently, depending on the performance of the underlying Fund(s), 
Warrantholders may lose part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
4.6 Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to Credit 
 
Warrantholders are exposed, from a date specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may be earlier than the date of their decision 
to invest in the Warrants or the Issue Date, to events related to the creditworthiness of the Reference Entities. Upon the occurrence

--- Page 23 ---
Risk Factors 
 
23 
of such events, the amount paid or the value of the underlying assets received at settlement of the Warrants (after deduction of the 
costs, break funding charges, loss of funding, tax and duties) determined by reference to the value of the debt of the Reference Entity 
may be less than the invested amount.  
 
In certain circumstances the period between the date on which the existence of a Credit Event is established and valuation may be 
as long as 180 days. Therefore, settlement, or as the case may be, notice that no amount is due under the Credit Linked Warrants, 
may occur several months after the relevant Credit Event on a date which may be much later than the   Scheduled Expiration Date of 
the Warrants. 
 
4.6.1 Risk in respect of Tranche Warrants 
 
Tranche Warrants are Warrants which are exposed to the credit risk of a list of Reference Entities, starting from an attachment point 
and ending on a detachment point (both expressed in percentages by reference to such list of Reference Entities). The amounts due 
under the Warrants payable to the Warrantholder will start to be impacted when the sum of losses incurred on the list of Reference 
Entities will have reached the attachment point, and 100% of the amounts due under the Warrants payable to the Warrantholder will 
be fully lost when the sum of losses will have reached the detachment point. The sum of such losses is expressed in percentages by 
reference to the list of Reference Entities. 
 
Compared to an investment in a basket of the same list of Reference Entities, investment in Tranche Warrants creates a leverage 
effect on the credit risk exposure of the Reference Entities.  When the trigger threshold for a credit event is reached, the amount due 
under the Warrants payable to the Warrantholder will be impacted more strongly the closer the detachment point is and the faster the 
detachment point is reached. The leverage effect comes from the impact of each affected Reference Entity in Tranche Warrants once 
the attachment point has been reached. The leverage effect depends on the width of the tranche (detachment point minus attachment 
point) and is much higher compared to the impact the same Reference Entity has in a basket of Reference Entities which are not 
Tranche Warrants. 
 
4.6.2 Risk in respect of Basket Warrants 
 
In respect of Basket Warrants, the greater the number of Reference Entities subject to a Credit Event, the lower the amount due under 
the Warrants will be. Conversely, the fewer the Reference Entities, the greater the impact of a Credit Event affecting one of them will 
be on the Settlement Amount. 
 
4.6.3 Risk in respect of Credit Linked bespoke Basket Warrants 
 
In respect of bespoke Basket Warrants, the greater the number of Reference Entities subject to a Credit Event, the lower the  
Settlement Amount will be. Conversely, the fewer the Reference Entities, the greater the impact of a Credit Event affecting one of 
them will be on the Settlement Amount. 
 
The concentration of the Reference Entities in any one industry or geographic region would subject the Warrants to a greater degree 
of risk with respect to economic downturns relating to such industry or geographic region. 
 
4.6.4 Increased risk in respect of First-to-Default Warrants 
 
First-to-Default Warrants are Warrants where the credit risk to the Warrantholder is materialised on the occurrence of the first credit 
event of any Reference Entity in a basket of Reference Entities. Given that the credit risk to the Warrantholder can materialise on the 
occurrence of the first credit event of any Reference Entity in the basket, the Warrantholder can lose a significant part or all of its 
investment in the Warrants as soon as one single Reference Entity in the basket becomes subject to a credit event. In addition, the 
more Reference Entities there are in the basket of Reference Entities, the more likely it is that a credit event can occur, and the greater 
the degree of risk that the Warrantholder may lose its entire principal invested in the Warrants. 
 
4.6.5 Valuation and settlement in case of Credit Event 
 
Under the terms of the Warrants, where Societe Generale acts as Calculation Agent, it may, for the purposes of determining the 
amount due under the Credit Linked Warrants under the Quotation Dealers Method or the Physical Delivery Amount (each as defined 
in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) following one or more Credit Event(s), select 
obligations with the lowest price of any obligations which meet the relevant criteria. This may affect the value of the Warrants and 
Warrantholders may therefore lose part or all of their initial investment in the Warrants. 
 
4.6.6 Floating recovery 
 
Where Floating Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the terms of the Credit Linked Warrants provide that the Calculation 
Agent will, depending on the election mentioned in the related Final Terms, determine the Final Value either by obtaining quotations 
from Quotation Dealers in respect of Selected Obligation(s) or by reference to Transaction Auction Settlement Terms (as defined in 
Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants). In this regard, investors should note that: (A) the Final 
Value as determined by reference to Transaction Auction Settlement Terms may be lower than the Final Value determined otherwise 
and will typically reduce the amount due under the Warrants; and (B) (i) if Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are not published or 
(ii) a Fallback Settlement Event (as defined in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) occurs 
within a certain period and if it is not possible to obtain quotations from Quotation Dealers for the Selected Obligations (as defined in 
Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) within a further period, the Final Value of the Selected 
Obligations will be deemed to be zero and therefore the amount due under the Warrants will be equal to zero.

--- Page 24 ---
Risk Factors 
 
24 
4.6.7 Fixed Recovery  
 
Where Fixed Recovery is specified in the applicable Final Terms (which can be zero) , the terms of Credit Linked Warrants provide 
that the Final Value of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred will be equal to the 
fixed percentage of the Notional Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (which can be zero). 
 
This percentage may be lower than the recovery value, which would have been determined by reference to prices quoted by market 
participants or by using an auction valuation method in respect of such Reference Entity, or even be equal to zero. 
 
4.6.8 Deferral of valuation and/or payments 
 
In certain circumstances the period between the date on which the existence of a Credit Event is established and valuation may be 
as long as 180 days therefore, settlement, or as the case may be, notice that no amount is due under the Credit Linked Warrants, 
may occur several months after the relevant Credit Event on a date which may be much later than the   Scheduled Expiration Date of 
the Warrants. If this occurs, this could adversely affect the value of the Warrants and Warrantholders may therefore lose part or all of 
their initial investment in the Warrants. Also it is possible that no payment on the Warrants may be due to the Warrantholders on the 
Scheduled Expiration Date. 
 
4.7 Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to a Bond 
 
Warrantholders are exposed as from a date specified in the Final Terms (which may be earlier than the date of their decision to invest 
in the Warrants or the Issue Date) to events (specified in the Final Terms) relating to the creditworthiness of the relevant Bond Issuer. 
In the event of the occurrence of one of these events, the amount paid or the value of the Bond received, at settlement of the Warrants 
(after deduction of costs, breakage cost funding charges, loss of funding, taxes and duties) determined by reference to the value of 
the Bond(s) may be less than the amount invested. In addition, interest-bearing Bond Linked Warrants may cease to bear interest on 
or prior to the date of occurrence of such events. Investors' attention is drawn to the fact that no, or a reduced amount of  Bond Event 
Amount may be due under the Bond Linked Warrants and settlement (whether American Settlement or European Settlement is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) may occur several months or years after the relevant Bond Event and on a date which may 
be later than the Scheduled Expiration Date of the Warrants. 
 
4.7.1 Ranking of the Bonds 
 
Depending on the ranking, the obligations of the Bond Issuer, may rank junior in priority of payment to unsubordinated creditors, to 
holders of subordinated obligations expressed by their terms to rank in priority to the Bonds and/or to creditors preferred by mandatory 
and/or overriding provisions of law. In the event of incomplete payment to creditors that rank senior to the ranking of the Bonds, the 
obligations of the Bond Issuer and/or the Bond Guarantor, as the case may be, in connection with the Bonds may be terminated. The 
ranking of the Bonds may accordingly increase the credit risk on the Bond Issuer and/or the Bond Guarantor as the case may be and 
as a result may increase the likelihood of the occurrence of a Bond Event(s). If a Bond Event(s) occurs, this could have an adverse 
effect on the value of and return on the Warrants. Consequently, Warrantholders may lose part or all of their investment in the 
Warrants. 
 
4.7.2 Risk in respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants 
 
In respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, the greater the number of Bonds in the basket subject to a Bond Event, the lower the 
amount due under the Warrants will be. Conversely, the fewer the Bonds in the basket, the greater the impact of a Bond Event 
affecting one of them will be on the   Settlement Amount. The concentration of the Bond Issuers in any one industry or geographic 
region would subject the Warrants to a greater degree of risk with respect to economic downturns relating to such industry or 
geographic region. 
 
4.7.3 Floating recovery 
 
Where Floating Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the Calculation Agent will determine the Bond Final Value by 
obtaining quotations from Quotation Dealers in respect of the Bonds. In this regard, investors should note that: (i) the Bond Final 
Value as determined by the Calculation Agent may be lower than the Bonds' market value determined otherwise and will typically 
reduce the amount due under the Warrants and (ii) such Bond Final Value cannot exceed 100% (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Bond Notional Amount irrespective of the Bonds market value determined otherwise. 
 
4.7.4 Fixed Recovery 
 
Where Fixed Recovery is specified in the related Final Terms, the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants provide 
that the Bond Final Value of a Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred will be equal to the fixed 
percentage of the Notional Amount specified in the related Final Terms. 
 
This percentage may be lower than the recovery value, which would have been determined by reference to prices quoted by market 
participants or by using an auction valuation method in respect of such Bond or may even be equal to zero.  
 
4.7.5 Exposure to hypothetical transaction and Breakage Cost Amount  
 
The Warrants may include reference in the applicable Final Terms to:

--- Page 25 ---
Risk Factors 
 
25 
(i)    a hypothetical transaction deemed entered into between Societe Generale and a hypothetical counterparty, in order to hedge 
amounts (whether principal or any other amounts) that would have been paid (x) on the Bond, in accordance with its original terms 
as at the Issue Date of the Warrants, from (and including) the Issue Date of the Warrants to (and including) the maturity date of the 
Bond (such amounts being deemed payable by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to the hypothetical counterparty) and (y) on 
the Warrants from (and including) the Issue Date of the Warrants to (and including) the Scheduled Expiration Date (as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Warrants (such amounts being deemed payable by the hypothetical counterparty to Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates) (the “Reference Transaction”); and/or 
 
(ii)    a breakage cost amount, being an amount determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the fees, costs and expenses arising 
directly or indirectly, in connection with (i) terminating, unwinding, realizing or enforcing any repurchase transaction (if any) with the 
Bond as underlying asset, the purpose of which is to refinance the relevant Bond and (ii) entering into, trading or increasing any 
repurchase transaction (or any transaction with similar purposes) with the Collateral Assets (if any) as underlying asset, the purpose 
of which is to refinance the Collateral Assets (if any) (the “Breakage Cost Amount”).  
 
If a Bond Event Determination Date occurs in respect of a Bond, the amount payable to holders (the “Bond Event Amount”), may 
be reduced, potentially down to zero, by the Reference Transaction Price (being the amount, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, due in terminating, liquidating or re-establishing the Reference Transaction) and/or the Breakage Cost Amount. 
Warrantholders may therefore lose all or part of their investment in the Bond Linked Warrants. 
 
4.7.6 Market Trigger Event 
 
If Market Trigger Event is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms and the Calculation Agent determines that the secondary 
mid price of the Warrants has fallen below a certain level for a certain period, the Warrants may be early redeemed at an amount 
equal to the Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value (which may be as low as zero) minus the Market Trigger Event Reference 
Transaction Price (which may be a positive or negative amount) resulting in a redemption amount payable on the Warrants as low as 
zero, this amount being subject to a floor value equal to zero. As a consequence, the investor may lose all or part of the invested 
amount. 
 
4.8 Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to a Foreign Exchange Rate 
 
The performance of Foreign Exchange Rates, currency units or units of account are dependent upon the supply and demand for 
currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to economic factors, including inflation rates in the 
countries concerned, interest rate differences between the respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, 
fiscal and monetary policy, government debt, currency convertibility and safety of making financial investments in the currency 
concerned, speculation and intervening measures taken by governments and central banks. Such measures include, without 
limitation, imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an existing currency, alteration of the 
exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect 
to the exchange or transfer of a specified currency that would affect exchange rates as well as the availability of a specified currency. 
Any such measures could have a negative impact on the performance of a Foreign Exchange Rate and consequently the value of the 
Warrants. 
  
Currency exchange risks can be expected to heighten in periods of financial turmoil. In periods of financial turmoil, capital can move 
quickly out of regions that are perceived to be more vulnerable to the effects of a crisis with sudden and severely adverse 
consequences to the currencies of those regions as a result. In addition, governments around the world have recently made, and may 
be expected to continue to make, very significant interventions in their economies, and sometimes directly in their currencies. It is not 
possible to predict the effect of any future legal or regulatory action relating to a currency. Further interventions, other government 
actions or suspensions of actions, as well as other changes in government economic policy or other financial or economic events 
affecting the currency markets – including the replacement of entire currencies with new currencies - may cause Foreign Exchange 
Rates to fluctuate sharply in the future, which could have a negative impact on the value of the Warrants. 
 
4.9 Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to Inflation 
 
The level of an Inflation Index may lag or otherwise not track the actual level of inflation in the relevant jurisdiction. 
 
Inflation Indices may not correlate with other indices and may not correlate perfectly with the rate of inflation observed by purchasers 
of the Inflation Linked Warrants in such jurisdiction. The value of the Inflation Linked Warrants which are linked to an Inflation Index 
may be based on a calculation made by reference to such Inflation Index for a month which is several months prior to the date of 
payment on the Inflation Linked Warrants and therefore could be substantially different from the level of inflation at the time of the 
payment on the Inflation Linked Warrants. 
 
Upon the occurrence of certain events in relation to an Inflation Index, e.g., the Inflation Index level has not been published or is 
discontinued or is corrected or such Inflation Index is rebased or materially modified, then depending on the particular event, the 
Issuer may determine the level, substitute the original Inflation Index, adjust the terms and conditions of the Inflation Linked Warrants 
or cancel the Inflation Linked Warrants. Any such event and its consequences may have an adverse effect on the value of the Inflation 
Linked Warrants. 
 
4.10 Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to exchange traded product (ETP) and to exchange traded fund (ETF) 
 
4.10.1 Exchange traded products and Exchange traded funds are subject to market trading risks

--- Page 26 ---
Risk Factors 
 
26 
An ETP or an ETF faces numerous market trading risks, including but not limited to the potential lack of an active market, losses from 
trading in secondary markets, periods of high volatility, limited liquidity and disruption in the creation or redemption process of such 
ETP or such ETF. If any of these risks materialises, this may lead to the ETP or ETF shares trading at a premium or discount to its 
fair market value. 
 
4.10.2 Action or non-performance by the ETP issuer, the sponsor of the ETP or the Calculation Agent or by the management 
company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF that may adversely affect the Warrants 
 
In case of an ETP Linked Warrants, the ETP issuer and/or the sponsor of the ETP and in case of an ETF Linked Warrants, the 
management company, fund administrator or sponsor of an ETF will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the  Warrants and 
will have no obligation to any purchaser of such Warrants. In its day-to-day operations and its investment strategy, an ETP will rely 
on the ETP issuer, the sponsor of the ETP and the Calculation Agent and an ETF will rely on the fund advisor, the investment advisor, 
the management company and/or on third parties providing services such as safekeeping of assets or acting as counterparty to 
derivatives or other instruments used by such ETF to employ its investment strategy. The insolvency or non-performance of services 
of any such persons or institutions may expose an ETP or an ETF to lose value. Failure of procedures or systems, as well as human 
error or external events associated with, in case of an ETP, an ETP's issuer, sponsor or Calculation Agent and in case of an ETF, an 
ETF's management and/or administration, may reduce the value of the ETP or the ETF and affect the market value of the Warrants. 
 
4.10.3 Credit risk of the issuer of the ETP or the ETF 
 
The value of the ETP Linked Warrants or the ETF Linked Warrants is dependent on the value of the ETPs or the ETFs, which will 
depend in part on the creditworthiness of the issuer of the ETPs or of the ETFs, which may vary over the term of the relevant Warrants. 
A change in the creditworthiness of the issuer of the ETPs or of the ETFs may therefore affect the performance of the ETPs or ETFs 
respectively, and the value of Warrants linked to ETPs or ETFs (as the case may be). Consequently, depending on the performance 
of such ETPs or ETFs, Warrantholders may lose part or all of their investment in the ETP Linked Warrants or the ETF Linked Warrants.  
 
4.10.4 Exposure to the ETP Underlying 
 
ETPs usually aim to track the performance of an underlying financial instrument or basket thereof, which may include, without 
limitation, listed equities, commodities, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, debt instruments, derivatives or any index thereof (the 
ETP Underlying). In addition, when compared to exchange traded funds, exposure to ETPs may involve a higher level of leverage 
and/or short exposures and/or more concentrated exposures. 
 
Prospective investors should also consider the risk factors in respect of the risks involved in investing in ETPs including, without 
limitation, risks relating to the ETP Underlying and to the underlying economics of the ETPs. Consequently, prospective investors 
should review the ETP Conditions and consult with their own professional advisers if they consider it necessary. 
 
4.10.5 Risk that the ETP does not accurately track its underlyings’ performance 
 
Where the Warrants are linked to an ETP, Warrantholders are exposed to the performance of such ETP and not necessarily the 
performance of the ETP Underlying. Accordingly, investors who purchase Warrants that are linked to an ETP may receive a different 
return than if such investors had directly invested into the ETP units or the ETP Underlyings. 
 
4.10.6 Where the underlying asset is an exchange traded fund, there is a risk that such Exchange Traded Fund will not 
accurately track its underlying share or index 
 
Where the Warrants are linked to an exchange traded fund (an ETF) and the investment objective of such ETF is to track the 
performance of a share or an index, the investors of such Warrants are exposed to the performance of such ETF rather than the 
underlying share or index such ETF tracks. For certain reasons, including to comply with certain tax and regulatory constraints, an 
ETF may not be able to track or replicate the constituent securities of the underlying share or index, which could give rise to a 
difference between the performance of the underlying share or index and such ETF. Accordingly, investors who purchase Warrants 
that are linked to an ETF may receive a lower return than if such investors had invested in the share or the index underlying of such 
ETF directly. 
 
4.10.7 Exchange traded funds not actively managed 
 
If the investment objective of an ETF is to track the performance of an index or other asset, such ETF will invest in instruments 
included in, or that are representative of, the index or other asset it is tracking regardless of their investment merits. The performance 
of such ETF may be affected by general movements in market segments related to the index or other asset it is tracking, and such 
general movements in market segments may therefore affect the value of Warrants linked to such ETF. Consequently, depending on 
the performance of such ETF, Warrantholders may lose part or all of their investment in the ETF Linked Warrants. 
 
4.10.8 Exchange traded funds may engage in securities lending 
 
Warrants lending involves the risk that the ETF may lose money because the borrower of the ETF's loaned securities fails to return 
the securities in a timely manner or at all or that insufficient collateral has been posted in respect of such securities lending transaction. 
Securities lending carried out by the ETF may therefore affect its performance and the value of Warrants linked to such ETF. 
Consequently, depending on the performance of such ETF, Warrantholders may lose part or all of their investment in the ETF Linked 
Warrants. 
 
4.11 Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to a Reference Rate

--- Page 27 ---
Risk Factors 
 
27 
 
The performance of the Reference Rates is dependent on economic factors, including inflation rates in the relevant countries, 
economic forecasts, international political factors, monetary and fiscal policy, government debt, speculation and actions taken by 
governments and central banks. Such factors could have a negative impact on the performance of the Reference Rate and 
consequently on the value of the Warrants. These factors can be expected to intensify in periods of financial turmoil.  
 
4.12 Risks relating to Future Linked Warrants 
 
An investment in Future Linked Warrants may bear similar market risks as a direct investment in the relevant future contract(s). The 
value of the future contract(s) underlying the Warrants may vary over time and may increase or decrease by reference to a variety of 
factors which include the factors affecting the Future Underlier, as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked 
Warrants. 
 
Futures contracts have a predetermined Expiry Date as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Roll Adjustment applies, the Warrants are valued by reference to futures contracts that have 
an Expiry Date that does not correspond to the term of the Warrants, consequently the Calculation Agent will roll the Future Contracts 
(the Roll Adjustment) which means that the future contracts that is the closest to expiration (the Active Future Contract) will be 
replaced before it expires by a future contract that has an Expiry Date later in the future (the Next Active Future Contract). 
 
On each Roll Date, the price of the Active Future Contract may be lower than (respectively higher than) the price of the Next Active 
Future Contract if the future curve is in contango (respectively in backwardation). The Roll Adjustment may as a consequence have 
either a positive or negative impact on the value of the Warrants. This may result in a partial or total loss of the investment in the 
Warrants. 
 
In addition to the effects of contango and backwardation, each "roll" may generate costs that will be taken by the Calculation Agent. 
These costs correspond to the expenses incurred in replacing the futures contract (transaction costs) and may have an adverse effect 
on the return of the Warrants. 
 
Prospective purchasers of Warrants should be aware that in respect of Warrants on futures contract that are rolled, the potential 
negative impact on the value of the Warrants induced by the roll may lead to a performance of the Warrants lower than the 
performance that would have been generated by Warrants on the Future Underlier itself.  
 
4.13 Risks relating to Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
The market value of Portfolio Linked Warrants will fluctuate up or down depending on the performance of the relevant components of 
the Portfolio such as equity, debt or derivative securities, indices, investments, funds, exchange traded funds, commodities, credit, 
baskets of securities or indices, currencies and portfolios. Such performance may be affected by changes in the value of the different 
components in the Portfolio to which the relevant issue of Portfolio Linked Warrants relates. This value may be affected by (i) the 
economic, financial and political events in one or more jurisdictions, including the stock exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which 
any component comprising the Portfolio may be traded, (ii) risks highlighted in section "Risk Factors" (Risk factors relating to 
Structured Warrants) relating to individual types of underlyings which are included in the relevant Portfolio and (iii) other factors set 
out elsewhere in "Risk Factors". The composition of the Portfolio may be designed to change over time as a result of performance or 
other factors. 
 
As a result, if the performance of the Portfolio is negative, the value of the Portfolio Linked Warrants reference will be adversely 
affected. Purchasers of Portfolio Linked Warrants risk losing all or a part of their investment if the value of the Portfolio falls. 
Consequently, prospective investors, when considering investing in Portfolio Linked Warrants, should also consider the risk factors 
linked to the Portfolio Components. 
In addition, there may be correlation between price movements of one component and the price movements of another component 
of the Portfolio that may have a negative impact on the value of the Portfolio. As such, the value of Portfolio Linked Warrants can 
therefore be volatile and this may result in Warrantholders losing all, or a substantial part, of their investment.   
In addition, Portfolio Linked Warrants may be subject to a number of costs which would negatively impact the value of the Portfolio 
Linked Warrants.  
 
4.14 Risks relating to actively managed Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
-    Exposure to the Dynamic Portfolio  
 
Holders of Warrants linked to a Dynamic Portfolio are exposed to the risk of changes in the market value of such Warrants resulting 
from both changes in the prices of the assets comprising the Dynamic Portfolio and recommendations for replacement or weighting 
of the assets comprising the Weighting Adviser's Portfolio. Consequently, depending on the performance of such Dynamic Portfolio 
and the market value of Warrants linked to such Dynamic Portfolio, Warrantholders may lose part or all of their investment in such 
Warrants. 
 
-    Risks relating to the Weighting Advisor 
 
Investors in actively managed Portfolio Linked Warrants are exposed to the risk of the operational capacity and expertise of the 
Weighting Adviser to provide recommendations for replacement or weighting of the assets comprising the Portfolio throughout the life 
of the Warrants.

--- Page 28 ---
Risk Factors 
 
28 
Even though the Issuer and the Calculation Agent have designated the Weighting Advisor, the Weighting Advisor shall act in the 
exclusive interest of the  Warrantholders. Consequently, the Weighting Advisor is exclusively responsible to the Warrantholders for 
any recommendations for replacement or weighting of the assets comprising the Portfolio or for any fraud, negligence or 
misrepresentation.  
 
In addition, in the event of termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, investors are exposed to the risk of de-indexation to the 
Dynamic Portfolio and a monetary return, replacement of the Weighting Advisor or early settlement of the Warrants. Warrantholders 
should refer to the Weighting Advisory Agreement for more information. The occurrence of any of these events may impact on the 
market value of the Warrants and may result in the total or partial loss of the amount invested in the Warrants. 
 
-    Risk of conflict of interests between the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and the Weighting Advisor and the 
Warrantholders 
 
The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor, may engage in trading and other business activities 
relating to the Portfolio Components without regards to the Warrants and that are not for the Warrantholders' accounts or on behalf 
of the Warrantholders.  
 
Such trading and other business activities could create conflicts between the interests of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Calculation 
Agent and the Weighting Advisor on the one hand, and the interests of the Warrantholders on the other hand, which could have an 
adverse impact on the value of and return on the Warrants. Consequently, investors may lose part or all of their investment in the 
Warrants. 
 
4.15 Risks relating to Structured Warrants linked to a Dividend 
 
Prospective investors in Dividend Linked Warrants should be aware that, depending on the specific terms and conditions of the 
relevant Dividend Linked Warrants, (i) payment of principal could occur at a time other than that stipulated, (ii) investors could lose all 
or a substantial part of their investment. In addition, dividend levels can be subject to significant fluctuations which bear no relation to 
fluctuations in rates, currencies or other indices, and the timing of such variations can impact the real yield realised by investors, even 
in cases where the average level is in accordance with expectations. 
 
In general, the earlier the change in the dividend amount or the amount resulting from a formula occurs, the greater the impact on 
yield. The market price of such Warrants can be volatile and might depend on the length of the residual maturity and the volatility of 
the dividend amounts. 
 
5. ADDITIONAL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SECURED WARRANTS (ISSUED BY SG ISSUER ONLY) 
 
5.1 Risks relating to the Collateral Assets 
 
-    There is no guarantee that the Collateral Assets will be sufficient to ensure that, following enforcement of a Pledge Agreement, 
the amounts available for distribution or the value of the Collateral Assets available to be delivered will be sufficient to pay all amounts 
due to Warrantholders in respect of the relevant Secured Warrants. In addition, Collateral Percentage may be lower than 100%. In 
that case the Warrantholders will still have a claim against the Guarantor for any unpaid amounts. 
 
-    The value of the assets used as collateral value can be 3 per cent lower than the required collateral value. This tolerance threshold 
amplifies most of the risks associated with Secured Warrants described herein and in particular the risk that following enforcement of 
a Pledge Agreement, the amounts available for distribution or the value of the Collateral Assets available to be delivered by the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent will not be sufficient to pay all amounts due to Warrantholders in respect of the relevant Secured 
Warrants. In that case, the Warrantholders will still have a claim against the Guarantor for any unpaid amounts. 
 
-    Lack of diversification of the Collateral Assets  
In case of low diversification of the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool pursuant to the Eligibility Criteria and the Collateral Rules, 
any depreciation in the value of such assets in the period between the most recent Collateral Test Date and the realisation of the 
Collateral Assets will have a proportionally larger impact on any shortfall as the amount recovered in respect of the Collateral Assets 
on their sale will be dependent on the then current market value of a smaller range of Collateral Assets. 
 
-    "Haircut" applied to Collateral Assets 
A “Haircut” (if specified in the applicable Final Terms) means the percentage amount by which the value of each type of Collateral 
Asset contained in a Collateral Pool is discounted. One Haircut value may be specified in the applicable Final Terms per type or class 
of Collateral Asset.  
The level(s) of Haircut specified in the applicable Final Terms is intended to reflect the risk of a depreciation in the value of Collateral 
Assets in the period between the most recent Collateral Test Date and the date on which such Collateral Assets may be realised. 
Investors should note that the value of a Collateral Asset may change over time and the Haircut applied to the Collateral Assets may 
become outdated and may not provide suitable protection against a potential depreciation in value of the relevant Collateral Asset.  
 
-    Illiquid Collateral Assets 
Certain of the Collateral Assets may be illiquid and not easily or not at all realisable in certain market circumstances or can only be 
sold at a discounted value. In that case, investors may receive the delivery of the Collateral Assets as if Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets were applicable in relation thereto. 
 
5.2 Secured Warrant Acceleration Event and Enforcement of the security

--- Page 29 ---
Risk Factors 
 
29 
A Warrantholder is only entitled to send a Collateral Enforcement Notice if neither SG Issuer nor the Guarantor has paid all amounts 
due to such Warrantholder within a period of 3 Collateral Business Days following the occurrence of the relevant Secured Warrants 
Acceleration Event. 
 
During the 3 Collateral Business Days period there may be a depreciation in the value of the relevant Collateral Assets, thus reducing 
the amount available to satisfy the claims of Warrantholders upon realisation of the Collateral Assets. In addition, the Collateral Assets 
may suffer a fall in value between the time at which the Collateral Enforcement Notice is sent by a Warrantholder and the time at 
which the Collateral Assets are realised in full or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is applicable, delivered.  
 
5.3 Frequency of Collateral Test Dates 
 
The lower the frequency of the periodic Collateral Test Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms and hence the greater the period 
of time between each such periodic Collateral Test Date (or even in the absence of any Collateral Test Date) the more likely it is that 
upon enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement, the proceeds of enforcement that a Warrantholder will receive or, where Physical 
Delivery of Collateral Assets is applicable, the value of the Collateral Assets delivered, will be less than the amounts due to 
Warrantholders in respect of the relevant Secured Warrants. This could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on the 
Warrants. Consequently, Warrantholders may lose part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
5.4 Correlation between the value of the Collateral Assets and the Creditworthiness of SG Issuer and the Guarantor 
 
In the event that there is a positive correlation between the value of the Collateral Assets and the creditworthiness of SG Issuer and 
the Guarantor, the value of the Collateral Assets may vary in the same way as the creditworthiness of SG Issuer and the Guarantor.  
 
A default by SG Issuer and/or the Guarantor in relation to their obligations under the Secured Warrants may be associated with a fall 
in the value of Collateral Assets securing such Secured Warrants. 
 
The value of Collateral Assets required to be posted in the Collateral Pool will be based on the Secured Warrant Market Value which 
takes into account SG Issuer's and the Guarantor's creditworthiness whereas, following an Event of Default, the Market Value 
determined by the Calculation Agent (which determines the claim that a holder of Non-Waived Warrants has on SG Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor), will not take into account SG Issuer's or the Guarantor's creditworthiness and will not decrease following such Event of 
Default. As a result, the claim of the Warrantholders against the Issuer/Guarantor may be significantly higher than the value of the 
Collateral Assets. 
 
5.5 Specific risk due to the difference between the aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived Warrants and Market Value 
of the Warrants following an Event of Default for the Nominal Value Type of Collateralisation 
 
When pursuant to the applicable Final Terms the value of the Collateral Assets required to be posted in the Collateral Pool is based 
on the aggregate nominal value of the Secured Warrants, the value of such Collateral Assets will not track the Market Value of the 
Secured Warrants, consequently following the occurrence of an Event of Default, the value of Collateral Assets may be significantly 
lower than the claim of the Warrantholders on SG Issuer and/or the Guarantor. Consequently, Warrantholders may lose part or all of 
their investment in the Warrants. 
 
5.6 Subordination of Warrantholders to payment of expenses and other payments 
 
Following the enforcement of security, the rights of holders of Non-Waived Warrants to be paid amounts from the proceeds of such 
enforcement and the realisation of the related Collateral Assets or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is applicable, to be 
delivered Collateral Assets, will be subordinated to and therefore rank behind claims relating to any amounts payable to Secured 
Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance with the relevant order of priority and any rights of 
preference existing by operation of law.  
 
5.7 Risk of a delay in the realisation of the Collateral Assets in the event of the insolvency of the Issuer, the Security Trustee, 
the Security Agent and/or the Collateral Custodian 
 
In the event of the insolvency of SG Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or the Collateral Custodian, the realisation of the 
Collateral Assets may be delayed either by the appointment of an insolvency administrator or other insolvency official in relation to 
SG Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or the Collateral Custodian or by measures ordered by a competent court. Such 
delay could adversely affect the position of the Warrantholders in the event of a depreciation in the value of the Collateral Assets 
during such period. Consequently, Warrantholders may lose part or all of their investment in the Warrants. 
 
The Collateral Custodian, the Disposal Agent, the Substitute Paying Agent, the Security Trustee and the Security Agent are (unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms) part of the same group and in the event of the insolvency of one entity it is possible 
that another entity may also be insolvent. Such circumstances may lead to a delay in the realisation of the Collateral Assets. However, 
the agreements in which such entities are nominated will contain provisions permitting their replacement.

--- Page 30 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
30 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS – USER GUIDE 
 
 
INTRODUCTION 
 
The purpose of this section or "User Guide" is to provide a simple tool for investors to help them navigate throughout the various 
documents made available in relation to the Warrants issued by Societe Generale, SG Issuer and Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
(the “Products” or a “Product”). 
 
DOCUMENTATION 
 
For each issue of Warrants issued under the Base Prospectus, the following documents are made available to investors 
systematically:  
 
The Base Prospectus 
 
This document:  
 
- contains the information relating to the issuers and to the guarantor of the Warrants, the general risk factors;  
 
- describes the general terms and conditions of the Warrants; and 
 
- details all the possible specific characteristics of the Warrants, including a wide range of underlying assets and all possible payoff 
formulae used to calculate the settlement price (used to calculate an amount due early or at expiration) and to calculate the exercise 
price in case of turbo products. 
 
These possible payoff formulae are set out, according to the relevant issuance and underlying asset(s), in the General Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Warrants or the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae or any other relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
The Supplement(s) if any 
 
This document is issued for every significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in the 
Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Warrants and is made available on the website of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
and 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuers 
(http://www.sgbourse.fr, 
https://prospectus.socgen.com/) 
 
The Final Terms  
 
This document is issued for each specific issue of Warrants and may include, when the context requires it, a summary specific to 
such issue of Warrants (referred to as issue specific summary) and contains:  
 
- the general characteristics, e.g. issuer, relevant identification codes, etc.; 
 
- the financial characteristics, e.g. Settlement Price, Exercise Price, Parity, early expiration as described in the Base Prospectus; 
 
- mechanism (if any) and the related definitions; 
 
- the underlying asset(s) to which the Product is linked; and 
 
- the relevant dates, e.g. Issue Date, Settlement Date, Expiration Date, Event-linked, Expiration Date, Valuation Dates, Underlying 
Level Calculation Date. 
 
The Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms and the issue specific summary are available on the following websites of the 
Issuers: 
 
when the Warrants are Non-exempt Offers: 
 
- www.luxse.com when the Warrants are offered to the public in Luxembourg or are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; 
 
- http://www.sgbourse.fr when the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in France; 
 
- https://prospectus.socgen.com/ when the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Sweden 
or Norway; 
 
- https://prospectus.socgen.com/ when the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Finland; 
 
- http://www.bolsa.societegenerale.es when the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in 
Spain;

--- Page 31 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
31 
 
- https://www.prodotti.societegenerale.it when the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in 
Italy; 
 
- http://www.beurs.societegenerale.nl when the Warrants are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the 
Netherlands. 
 
 
 
HOW TO NAVIGATE IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
THE VARIOUS SECTIONS OF THE BASE PROSPECTUS: 
Table of contents of the Base Prospectus  
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
RISK FACTORS 
USER GUIDE  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
REGULATORY INFORMATION 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF WARRANTS 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
FORM OF THE WARRANTS 
 
 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
(1) 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW WARRANTS 
(2) 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW WARRANTS 
 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FIXED LEVERAGE AND  
TURBO WARRANTS 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
 
 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED WARRANTS AND 
DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETP LINKED WARRANTS AND  
ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON-EQUITY SECURITY LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED WARRANTS 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DIVIDEND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO SECURED WARRANTS 
 
 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
 
 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE 
DESCRIPTION OF SG ISSUER 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE INDICES 
 
 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
ONGOING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Sections providing general information 
on the Base Prospectus 
2. Sections applicable to Warrants 
depending on the applicable governing law  
3. Section detailing the different payoff 
formulae 
 
4. Sections applying to Warrants depending 
on the underlying(s) of the Warrants. 
Depending on the underlying(s), one or more 
section(s) will apply 
Sections relevant to specific Warrant 
issuance 
Common sections relevant for all Warrants 
6. Terms of the Societe Generale guarantee 
8. Sections providing additional general 
information  
7. Sections relevant to Warrants depending 
on the issuer / guarantor of the Warrants 
5. Sections applicable to Secured Warrants 
only

--- Page 32 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
32 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Warrants issued under the Base Prospectus rely on several generic sections of the Base Prospectus detailed above, but, depending 
on the characteristics of the Warrants, not all sections of the Base Prospectus will be relevant to a specific Warrants issuance.

--- Page 33 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
33 
HOW TO READ THE FINAL TERMS 
 
The applicable Final Terms are divided in three parts: 
 
- Part A, named "CONTRACTUAL TERMS", which provides the specific contractual terms of the Product; 
 
- Part B, named "OTHER INFORMATION", which provides other information specific to the Warrants; and 
 
- Only in the case of Non-exempt Offers, a third part is annexed to the applicable Final Terms constituting the issue specific summary 
of the Warrants.  
 
Exhaustive information on the Products defined in Parts A and B of the applicable Final Terms is available in the Base Prospectus. 
The following diagram provides the links between the various clauses in Parts A and B of the applicable Final Terms and the 
corresponding sections of the Base Prospectus.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Sections providing general information 
on the Base Prospectus, the issuers and the 
guarantor 
8. Sections providing additional general 
information 
 
4. Sections detailing the different payoff 
formulae 
6. Terms of the Societe Generale Guarantee 
7. Sections relevant to Warrants depending 
on the issuer / guarantor of the Warrants 
2. Sections applicable to all Warrants 
depending on the applicable governing law   
5. Sections applying to Warrants depending 
on the underlying(s) of the Warrants. 
Depending on the underlying(s), one or more 
section(s) will apply 
3. Sections applicable to Secured Warrant 
only 
FINAL TERMS 
ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY (if required) 
PART A: 
CONTRACTUAL 
TERMS 
Payoff Formula 
Description of the underlying asset(s) 
Description of the Warrants  
Schedules and definitions relating to the 
Warrants 
TITLE  
Issuer and Guarantor of the Warrants 
Issuer and Guarantor of the Warrants 
Secured Warrant Provisions (if applicable) 
PART B:  
OTHER 
INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to trading 
Information relating to settlement/delivery 
Non-exempt Offer information (if any) 
Performance of Formula, explanation of effect on 
value of investment and associated risks  
Information specific to the Warrants 
Information linked to sections from the Base Prospectus

--- Page 34 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
34 
 
 
 
 
HOW TO READ THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
 
HOW CASH SETTLED WARRANTS WORK 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled as specified in the General Terms and Conditions, each Cash Settled Warrant entitles its 
Warrantholder to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date a cash settlement amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the Cash Settlement Amount). 
 
Cash Settlement Amount means an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the excess (if any, converted if necessary on the 
basis of the rate specified in the Final Terms) of: 
 
(1)    in the case of Call Warrants, the Settlement Price over the Exercise Price; or 
 
(2)    in the case of Put Warrants, the Exercise Price over the Settlement Price; and 
then divided (if applicable) by the Parity 
 
Settlement Price shall be the Final Settlement Price or the Early Settlement Price and have the meaning given to it in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Exercise Price shall have the meaning given to it in the Final Terms as may be amended in the case of Turbo Warrants during the 
life of such Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Parity shall have the meaning given to it in the Final Terms. 
 
The following diagram aims to illustrate how the Cash Settlement Amount is computed: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HOW PHYSICAL DELIVERY WARRANTS WORK 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled as specified in the General Terms and Conditions, each Physical Delivery Warrant entitles 
its Warrantholder to receive from the Issuer a payment in physical assets (called the Deliverable Assets), the quantity of which is 
determined by reference to the Physical Delivery Amount, subject to the Warrantholder paying the Exercise Price divided, if 
applicable, by the Parity to the Issuer following exercise in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions and any Exercise 
Expenses.  
 
The Physical Delivery Amount is equal to Settlement Price specified in the applicable Final Terms divided, if applicable, by Parity 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Physical Delivery Warrants may only be Call Warrants and may not be subject to automatic exercise.  
 
The following scheme aims to illustrate how Physical Delivery Warrants operate on the Settlement Date: 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash Settlement Amount 
(Call Warrant) 
Cash Settlement Amount 
(Put Warrant) 
 
Exercise Price 
Settlement Price

--- Page 35 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
35 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HOW TO READ THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FIXED LEVERAGE AND TURBO WARRANTS 
 
All payoff formulae for Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants will be described in the section "ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
RELATING TO FIXED LEVERAGE AND TURBO WARRANTS" 
 
This section contains: 
 
- an exhaustive list of Products with their respective Product Formula, regrouped in three Families of Products (Condition 3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants); 
 
- a section describing the concept of Reference Price (Condition 4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants);  
 
- the definitions of all Variable Data needed as input in the different Product Formulae (Condition 5 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants); and  
 
- the definition of all add-ons that may be used as an additional feature of a Product Formula. 
 
 
How Fixed Leverage Products work 
 
The Fixed Leverage family is composed of three main products: 
 
- Fixed Leverage Bear 
 
- Fixed Leverage Bull 
 
- Fixed Leverage on Futures  
 
The computation of the Settlement Price relies on four main elements: 
 
(i) The calculation of the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level 
 
(ii) The input of distributions, commissions and cost 
 
(iii) The presence of a multiplicative adjustment ratio (the Ratio) which may be reset by the Calculation Agent during the life of the 
Product 
 
(iv) The occurrence and impact of an Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
 
The following diagram aims to illustrate how the Product Formula of Fixed Leverage Products is computed: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cash Settlement Amount 
(Call Warrant) 
Cash Settlement Amount 
(Put Warrant) 
 
Exercise Price 
Settlement Price

--- Page 36 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
How Turbo Products work 
 
Turbo Products exhibits the following characteristics: 
 
- They embed a stop loss feature (however, in some cases the level of stop loss might be the same as the exercise price) 
- They may have an Exercise Price which varies over time 
 
This following graph aims to show how Turbo variables change over time with the example of a Call Turbo Product: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Settlement Price  
 
Leveraged Strategy Closing Level 
Calculated on each Valuation Date 
 
Distributions 
Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for 
Performance Reasons 
 
Ratio (only for -
 
Fixed 
Leverage 
Bear/Bull) 
This is an 
adjustment factor 
which may be 
subject to a reset at 
the discretion of the 
Calculation Agent 
 
 
Commissions and 
costs 
Variable Data needed to feed 
the Product Formula 
 
Add-ons (if applicable) 
 
Definitions applicable to rates 
Rates are described in a specific section; some rates may not apply to certain Products. 
Exercise Price 
StopLossLevelCurrent 
Underlying price 
Actualisation Date 
Early Expiration Event

--- Page 37 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
37 
 
 
 
The following diagram aims to illustrate how the Exercise Price and Settlement Price are computed: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HOW TO READ THE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
 
The section "ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE" is the section of the Base Prospectus where all 
payoff formulae for Formula-Linked Warrants are detailed. This section contains: 
 
- a list of Products with their respective Product Formulae, regrouped in Families of Products (Condition 3 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae); 
 
- an exhaustive list of Reference Formulae (Condition 4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae);  
 
- the definitions of all Variable Data needed as input in the different Product Formulae (Condition 5 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae); and  
 
- the definition of all add-ons that may be used as an additional feature of a Product Formula. 
· 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Variable Data 
needed to feed the 
Product Formula 
 
 
Add-ons (if 
applicable) 
 
Settlement Price 
Definitions 
applicable to 
rates 
 
 
Rates are 
described in a 
specific section; 
some rates may 
not apply to 
certain products. 
Exercise Price 
Two options: 
Compo Product 
Quanto Product 
Distributions

--- Page 38 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
38 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXAMPLES OF FINAL TERMS - FOCUS ON PART A – PAYOFF FORMULA 
 
The best way for an investor to understand a Product is to start reading the applicable Final Terms as they provide all the main 
information relating to the Products. Five case studies can be found below, aiming to provide a step-by-step guide for reading the 
Final Terms. The numbers appearing before each section below reference the corresponding items in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11 Families of Products 
Each Product is identified with a Product Name 
and a Reference of the Product 
 
 
 
 
 
Family 1 
Base 
Products 
Product [3.1.1] 
Family 2 
Vanilla 
Products 
Product [3.2.1] 
Product [3.2.2] 
Product [3.2.3] 
etc… 
 
Family 11 
Combined 
Vanilla 
Product 
[3.11.1] 
Product 
[3.11.2] 
Product 
[3.11.3] etc… 
For each Product, there are 2 Product Amounts: 
Early Settlement Price (if any) 
Final Settlement Price 
each Product Amount is expressed as  
= Notional Amount x Product Formula 
 
 
Reference Formulae e.g.: 
Performance, average performance, performance 
based on the minimum/maximum level reached by 
the underlying, etc. 
 
Variable Data 
needed to 
feed the 
Product 
Formulae or 
the Reference 
Formulae 
e.g.: 
Participation,  
Barrier, etc… 
 
Add ons (if 
applicable)

--- Page 39 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
39 
CASE STUDY #1: EUROPEAN CALLS 
 
1. 
Reference of the Product: 3.2.1 
2. 
Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
3. 
Final Settlement Price: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, 
the Final Settlement Price for each Warrant will be determined in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(1), AverageBasketLevel(1) is higher than or  
equal to 90% then: 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount 
× [90% + 100% x (AverageBasketLevel(1) – 90%)] 
 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(1), AverageBasketLevel(1) is lower than 90%, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × 90% 
5. 
Underlying(s): 
k = 1: Index 1 
k = 2: Index 2 
k = 3: Index 3 
k = 4: Index 4 
6. 
Definitions relating to dates: 
Valuation Date(0): [DD/MM/YYYY] 
Valuation Date(1): [DD/MM/YYYY] 
7. 
Definitions relating to the Product: Applicable, subject to the provisions of the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae. 
 
AverageBasketLevel(1) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to 4, of Level(1, k) 
as defined in Condition 4.3 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae. 
 
Level(1, k) (k from 1 to 4) means (S(1,k) / S(0,k)) as defined in Condition 4.1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae. 
S(i, k) (i from 0 to 1) (k from 1 to 4) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) the 
relevant Closing Price as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Index 
Linked Warrants. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BaseSettlementLevel FSP 2
FinalParticipation 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
FinalStrike_1 
 
Product identified by its  
Reference of the Product 
 
Each Product Formula is 
based on reference 
performances or levels 
(Reference Formulae) 
 
Dates 
2 possible Product Amounts: 
Early Settlement Price (if any) 
 
Final Settlement Price 
 
Expressed as = Notional Amount 
x Product Formula 
 
Underlying 
FinalStrike_2

--- Page 40 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
40 
 
 
CASE STUDY #2: DIGITAL PAYOUT AUTOCALL 
 
 
1. 
1. 
Reference of the Product: 3.3.2  with Option 1 applicable 
2. 
2. 
Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions, the Early Settlement Price for each Warrant will be determined in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × [100% + 9.25% x i] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3. 
3. 
Final Settlement Price: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions, the Final Settlement Price for each Warrant will be determined in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(8), Performance(8) is higher than or equal to -40% then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × [100% + 9.25% x 8] 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(8), Performance(8) is lower than -40%, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × [100% + Performance(8)] 
 
4. 
Underlying(s): 
Share 1 
5. 
Definitions relating to dates: 
Valuation Date(0): [DD/MM/YYYY] 
Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to 8): i = 1: [DD/MM/YYYY], ….,i = 8: 
[DD/MM/YYYY] 
6. 
Definitions relating to the Product: Applicable, subject to the provisions of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to 7), Performance(i) is 
higher than or equal to 0%. 
 
Performance(i) (i from 1 to 8) means (S(i) / S(0)) – 100 % as defined in 
Condition 4.1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae. 
 
S(i) (i from 0 to 8) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) the Closing Price 
as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Share Linked 
Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Payout_FSP 
BaseSettlementLevel FSP 1 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
Payout_EPS(i) 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
FinalBarrier 
AutocallBarrier 
 
2 possible Product 
Amounts: 
 
Early Settlement Price (if 
any) 
 
Final Settlement Price 
 
Expressed as = Notional 
Amount x Product Formula 
Product identified by its  
Reference of the Product 
 
Each Product Amount is 
determined based on 
pre-defined reference 
performances or levels 
(Reference Formulae) 
 
Dates 
 
Underlying 
 
Variable Data

--- Page 41 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
41 
 
 
CASE STUDY #3: FIXED LEVERAGE BULL – Compo 
1. 
REFERENCE OF THE PRODUCT: 3.1.2 
2. 
EVENT-LINKED EARLY EXPIRATION: Applicable 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled as specified in the Terms and Conditions, the Early Settlement Price for each 
Warrant will be determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), UnderlyingLevel(i) is higher than or equal 
to 150% 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Max(100 x FX(0) x Ratio(i) x (LSCL(i) / LSCL(0)) -C(i);0) x (1 / FX(i+1)) 
3. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE:  
Unless previously exercised or cancelled as specified in the Terms and Conditions, the Final Settlement Price for each 
Warrant will be determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
Final Settlement Price = Max(100 x FX(0) x Ratio(T) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) -C(T);0) x (1 / FX(T+1)) 
4. 
UNDERLYING(S): 
Index 1 
5. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO DATES: 
Valuation Date(1) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
Valuation Date(2) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
[…] 
Valuation Date(132) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO THE PRODUCT: Applicable, subject to the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
for Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 London 
Time to convert USD into EUR in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as published 
by the ECB, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such Valuation 
Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 London 
Time to convert USD into EUR following such day, as published by the ECB, or any 
successor thereto. 
Ratio or Ratio(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the value of Ratio(i) in respect of each Warrant 
on such Valuation Date(i), which shall be the value of Ratio(i) on the Valuation 
Date(i-1) unless adjusted by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
provisions. 
If, on any Valuation Date(i) from, but excluding, the Initial Valuation Date to, and 
including, the Final Valuation Date: 
C(i) / IV(i) > 40% 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i) 
EUR : Base Currency 
ECB : FXSource 
USD : LeverageStrategyCurrency 
 
RatioResetThreshold 
InitialValue 
InitialValue 
FXSourceFixingTime

--- Page 42 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
42 
then the Calculation Agent shall adjust the value of Ratio(i) in respect of such 
Valuation Date(i). The Calculation Agent may also, on any Valuation Date(i) from, 
but excluding, the Initial Valuation Date to, and including, the Final Valuation Date, 
elect in its sole discretion to adjust the value of Ratio(i) in respect of such Valuation 
Date(i) in accordance with the following formula: 
Ratio(i)= (Ratio(i -1) x LSCL(i) – CBEFORE(i) x (LSCL(0) / (100 x FX(0)))) / LSCL(i) 
Ratio(0) = 1 
LSCL(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as 
of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of 
Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following which the 
Leveraged Strategy Closing Level will be determined in accordance with Condition 
3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing 
Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is calculated in accordance with the following 
formulae: 
on Valuation Date(0): 
 
LSCL(0) = 1000 
on each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + 
(1-Leverage) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately following 
an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, references to (i-1) in the formula of 
LSCL(i) above shall be deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 
3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants). 
CBEFORE(i)  
is determined in accordance with the following formula: 
CBEFORE(i) = C(i -1) + ((ACT(i -1;i) / 365) x (%CommissionRate(i) + 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + %CollatCostRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i)) 
Commission(i), 
Commission 
or 
C(i) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i): 
if (i) is the Initial Valuation Date or a day on which the value of Ratio(i) has been 
adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Ratio or Ratio(i) herein: 
0 
and otherwise: 
C(i) 
= 
C(i-1) 
+ 
(ACT(i-1;i) 
/ 
365) 
x 
(%CommissionRate(i) 
+ 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + %CollatCostRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i) 
 
 
LSCL Initial 
 
DayCountBasisCommission 
RatioInitial 
InitialValue

--- Page 43 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
43 
Intrinsic 
Value, 
IntrinsicValue(i) or 
IV(i) 
means in respect of each Valuation Date(i), an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
IntrinsicValue(i) = Max(100 x FX(0) x Ratio(i-1) x (LSCL(i) / LSCL(0)) – C(i-1);0) 
 
Leveraged Strategy 
Description of the Leveraged Strategy 
The strategy to which the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged 
exposure to the Underlying with a Leverage factor "Leverage" and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into 
account the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following which the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level will be 
determined in accordance with Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation Date(i) is 
calculated in accordance with the following formulae: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
LSCL(0) = 100 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + 4 x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-4) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / 360),0) 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following which the Leveraged Strategy Level will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), 
for each Valuation Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation Time(v) is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ 4 x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -1) + (1-4) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / 360),0) 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date immediately following an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be deemed to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants). 
Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1)  
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the following formula: 
Price(i-1) – 70% x Dist(i) 
CashRate 
or 
CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i): 
(1) 
the level of the EONIA for such Valuation Date(i); or 
(2) 
the last available level displayed of EONIA, if a level of EONIA dated as 
of such Valuation Date(i), 
LSCLInitial 
Leverage 
DayCountBasisRate
Leverage 
DayCountBasisRate 
EONIA= Reuters page : 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
EONIA : FXSource 
 
EUR : Base Currency 
InitialValue 
%DistRate(i) 
DayCountBasisCommission

--- Page 44 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
44 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if in the case 
of (2) above EONIA is not displayed on the EONIA= Reuters page (or, if applicable, 
any successor service or page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
ascertaining such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate 
is, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued 
(such rate then being the Discontinued Rate) then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a successor rate for such Discontinued 
Rate which offers similar economic characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if 
the Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate exists, (b) on the 
basis of the cost that Societe Generale would charge or be charged to borrow cash 
in the EUR on an overnight basis. 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level or LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged Strategy as 
of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of 
Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed 
Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Leveraged 
Strategy Level or 
LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the latest level of 
the Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), as such level may be 
adjusted in accordance with the terms of Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such day in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) + 0.50% 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying 
as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the Intraday 
Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v). 
Calculation Time  
means with respect to the Leveraged Strategy, any time between the scheduled 
opening time of the Exchange and 17:30 London Time provided that the relevant 
data is available to enable the Calculation Agent to determine the Leveraged 
Strategy Level. 
 
 
 
TimeReferenceClo
sing 
%SpreadLevel

--- Page 45 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
45 
Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions 
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
Underlying 
Distributions, 
or 
Dist(i1,i2) 
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary Distributions, paid 
in respect of the Underlying, which have an ex date between (i1) (excluded) and 
(i2) (included). 
If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency of the 
Underlying, this Gross Ordinary Distribution will be converted into such currency by 
the Calculation Agent using the latest available spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 
London Time as published on the Valuation Date immediately preceding the 
relevant Valuation Date(i) by the ECB. If no such rate is available on the Valuation 
Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be the first 
available spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 London Time to convert such Gross 
Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the Underlying following such Valuation 
Date(i), as published by the ECB, or any successor service or page used by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate. 
Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
Description 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event has occurred at a Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), 
an adjustment (an Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) 
in accordance with the following provisions. 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be suspended during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation 
Period and resume in accordance with this section within 15 minutes following the end of such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the Calculation Resume Time and the day on which such 
resumption occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation 
Period occur less than 15 minutes before 17:30 London Time on the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, the Calculation 
Resume Time shall be 17:30 London Time which immediately follows the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation 
Period. 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, LSCL(CRD) and LSL(CRD,v) will be determined as 
follows: 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day following the end of the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period, the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according to the following formula: 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + 4 x ((Price(CRD,v) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 4) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 360) 
And at 17:30 London Time of such Calculation Resume Day: 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + 4 x ((Price(CRD) / AdjPrice(i')) – 1) + (1 – 4) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 360) 
 
 
 
 
ECB : FXSource 
Leverage 
DayCountBasisRate 
Leverage 
DayCountBasisRate 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceClosing 
17:30 London Time : 
FixingTime

--- Page 46 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
46 
Specific Definitions 
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day which corresponds to the 
Intraday Restrike Event immediately preceding the Calculation Time(v). 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the following formula: 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) – 70% x Dist(i',CRD) 
Intraday Reference 
Level  
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the Underlying 
level as of the (1) last Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding and 
excluding such Calculation Time(v) or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred 
on such day, the closing level of the Underlying on the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event  
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation Time(v) of 
the Underlying level below the 92% of the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such 
Calculation Time. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Observation 
Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on and excluding 
the Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and including the time falling 15 
minutes after the Intraday Restrike Event Time. 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent determines that (1) (if 
the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is not 
disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as 
the case may be or (2) (for any type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open 
for continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period will be 
extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI 
Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying 
Sponsor or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any 
type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) 
the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for continuous trading for an 
aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
If the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period would not end by 17:30 London 
Time: (1) such day will not be a Valuation Date for the purposes of determining any 
element of the Leveraged Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to 
the applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) with respect to any 
previous Intraday Restrike Event that has occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period shall be extended to the following 
Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that 
(a) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is 
calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type of Underlying including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the Exchange and the Related 
Exchange are open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period 
only, the Exchange shall not be considered to be open for continuous trading during 
its closing auction period (as provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
%DistRate(i) 
FixingTime

--- Page 47 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
47 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference 
Day  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the day on 
which the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Reference 
Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, the Calculation 
Time on which the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches its lowest value during such 
period 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time on which such 
event occurs. 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance with the following formulae: 
where, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more Intraday Restrike 
Event Times have previously occurred with an Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time occurring on (i'), then (with the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, 
immediately preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + 4 x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) /Price(i',v1)) – 1)) 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance with this paragraph 0 but with 
"VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance with the Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
but with "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
In circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF)) x (1 + 4 x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) / AdjPrice(i(REF))) -1) 
+ (1-4) x Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i') / 360)) 
i(REF) 
means the latest of the (1) Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day immediately 
preceding (i') in which case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') and the latest Intraday 
Restrike Event Reference Time on such Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is 
referred to as (v1) (2) the Valuation Date which immediately precedes (i') in which 
case i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then LSL(i'',v1); or 
otherwise LSCL(i'-1). 
AdjPrice(i(REF))  
means: 
if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, then: 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) – 70% x Dist(i'',i') 
or otherwise: 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) – 70% x Dist(i'-1,i') 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, and excluding, 
Calculation Time(v). 
Leverage
Leverage 
DayCountBasisRate 
%DistRate(i) 
Leverage

--- Page 48 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
48 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO APPLICABLE RATES 
%CollatCostRate(i) means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate which shall be determined with respect to such 
Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent as the cost that would be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) if it were 
to borrow the ReferenceCollateralAssets (through, for example, but without limitation, a securities lending or repurchase 
agreement) for an amount equal to the market value of the Warrant as of such Valuation Date(i) (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) multiplied by PCP. 
%CommissionRate(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the annual commission rate as of such Valuation Date(i). 
The level of the annual commission rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(i) means, for each Valuation Date(i), the annual gap and replication rate as of such Valuation 
Date(i), as determined by the Calculation Agent as the cost that the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) would charge to replicate 
the performance of the Leveraged Strategy, which includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the risk of the market value of 
the Warrant becoming negative.

--- Page 49 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
49 
CASE STUDY #4: TURBO – Quanto 
1. 
REFERENCE OF THE PRODUCT: 3.2.1 
2. 
EVENT-LINKED EARLY EXPIRATION: Applicable 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the Early Settlement Price for each 
Warrant will be determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), and on any Calculation Time (v), Price(i,v) 
is higher than StopLossLevelCurrent(i) (even if such Valuation Date(i) is subject to a Market Disruption Event). 
Early Settlement Price(i) = UnderlyingPrice_ESP(i) 
3. 
FINAL SETTLEMENT PRICE: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled as specified in the Terms and Conditions the Final Settlement Price for each 
Warrant will be determined in accordance with the following provisions: 
Final Settlement Price = UnderlyingPrice_FSP(T) 
4. 
EXERCISE PRICE: 
The Exercise Price (i) in respect of any Valuation Date(i) is determined in accordance with the following: 
On Valuation Date(0): 
Exercise Price (0) = 244 
For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), Exercise Price(i) shall be determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Exercise Price (i) = Price(i-1) x (1 + %FinancingRateA(i-1))^(ACT(i-1;i) / 365) + (Exercise Price(i-1) – Price(i-1)) x (1 + 
%FinancingRateB(i-1))^(ACT(i-1;i) / 365) + %QuantoRate(i-1) – 70% x Dist(i) 
5. 
UNDERLYING(S): 
Share 1 
6. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO DATES: 
Valuation Date(1) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
Valuation Date(2) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
[…] 
Valuation Date(78) [DD/MM/YYYY] 
7. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO THE PRODUCT: 
Applicable, subject to the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
FX(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 London 
Time to convert the EUR into the JPY in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as 
published by the ECB, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such 
Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 17:30 
London Time to convert the EUR into the JPY following such day, as published by 
the ECB, or any successor thereto. 
Price(i,v) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the Intraday 
Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v). 
ExercisePriceInitial 
DayCountBasis 
EUR: BaseCurrency 
JPY: TurboCurrency 
ECB: FXSource 
 
DayCountBasis 
%DistRate(i) 
17:30 London Time: 
FXSourceFixingTime

--- Page 50 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
50 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the Underlying 
as of such Valuation Date(i), and subject to the adjustments and provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying. 
Calculation Time  
means with respect to the Underlying, any time between 9:00 AM London Time and 
17:30 London Time. 
StopLossLevelCur
rent(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), a level which is determined in accordance 
with the following: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(0) = 250 
For each Valuation Date(i) subsequent to the Initial Valuation Date: 
If Valuation Date(i) is an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = ExercisePrice(i) x (1 + 2%) 
If Valuation Date(i) is not an Actualisation Date: 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = StopLossLevelCurrent(i-1) 
UnderlyingPrice_E
SP(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), the highest level of the Price(i,v) during the 
period of three consecutive hours following the occurrence of an Early Expiration 
Event, provided that if the Early Expiration Event occurs less than three hours prior 
to the regular weekday closing time of the Exchange or the Related Exchange 
(regardless of any period during which a Market Disruption Event is continuing), 
then such period shall continue for such number of sequential next following 
Valuation Date as shall be necessary for the total number of such hours to reach 
three. 
Where an Early Expiration Event occurs at a time which is outside the regular 
trading session of the Exchange or the Related Exchange, the Early Expiration 
Event shall be deemed to have occurred at the open of business on the immediately 
following Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine the three-hour 
period in accordance with the foregoing paragraph. 
UnderlyingPrice_F
SP(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), Price(i). 
Actualisation Date 
means either of the following: 
1. 
the 15th calendar day of each calendar month or if such date is not a 
Valuation Date, the immediately succeeding Valuation Date; and 
each day as of which a Potential Adjustment Event occurs or which is an ex date in 
respect of a Gross Ordinary Distribution for the Underlying. 
8. 
DEFINITIONS RELATING TO APPLICABLE RATES 
%FinancingRateA(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date (i), a rate which shall be determined with respect to such 
Valuation Date (i) by the Calculation Agent as a hypothetical remuneration rate (or borrowing rate, as the case may be) in 
respect of a cash holding or borrowing, as the case may be. 
%FinancingRateB(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date (i), a rate which shall be determined with respect to such 
Valuation Date (i) by the Calculation Agent as a hypothetical remuneration rate (or borrowing rate, as the case may be) in 
respect of a cash holding or borrowing, as the case may be. 
%Percentage(i) 
StopLossEventPeriod 
StopLossLevelInitial 
Option Extremum 
Applicable 
TimeReferenceOpening 
TimeReferenceClosing

--- Page 51 ---
Base Prospectus User Guide 
 
51 
%Percentage(i) means, for each Valuation Date(i), a percentage applied to the Exercise Price to determine the 
StopLossLevelCurrent as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
%QuantoRate(i) means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate which shall be determined with respect to such Valuation 
Date(i) as the carry and hedging cost of the foreign exchange risk estimated or realised.

--- Page 52 ---
Important Information 
 
 
52 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
This Base Prospectus is established pursuant to Article 8 of Regulation 2017/1129/EU dated as of 14 June 2017, as amended (the 
Prospectus Regulation) and for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuers, the Guarantor and the Warrants which 
is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and 
prospects of the Issuers and the Guarantor. 
 
Certain information contained in this Base Prospectus and/or documents incorporated herein by reference have been extracted from 
sources specified in the sections where such information appears. The Issuers confirm that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as they are aware, and are able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Final Terms will (if applicable) 
specify the nature of the responsibility (if any) taken by the Issuer for any information relating to any underlying to which the Warrants 
may be linked. 
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any Supplement thereto and all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed 
on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
None of the Arranger or any Dealer has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Arranger or any Dealer as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by either of the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or the Warrants. None of the Arranger or any Dealer 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by either of the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme or the Warrants.   
 
No person is or has been authorised by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Warrants and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as 
having been authorised by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers. 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Warrants (a) is intended 
to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion (or 
a report on either of those things) by any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Warrants should purchase any Warrants. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Warrants should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and 
affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Warrants constitutes an offer or 
invitation by or on behalf of any of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to 
purchase any Warrants. 
 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Warrants shall in any circumstances imply that 
the information contained herein concerning any of the Issuers or the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Warrants is correct as of any time subsequent to the 
date indicated in the document containing the same. The Arranger or any of the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the 
financial condition or affairs of any of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the 
Warrants of any information coming to their attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Warrants. 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND OFFER OF WARRANTS 
GENERALLY 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Warrants in any jurisdiction to any 
person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Warrants may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the 
Dealers represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Warrants may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in 
the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to 
permit a public offering of any Warrants outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Warrants may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus or any Warrant comes must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Warrants (see "Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions"). 
 
Each prospective investor in the Warrants must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each prospective investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers whether it:

--- Page 53 ---
Important Information 
 
 
53 
(i) has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Warrants, the merits and risks of investing in the 
Warrants and the information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this Base Prospectus or any applicable Supplement and 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
(ii) has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an 
investment in the Warrants and the impact the Warrants will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
(iii) has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Warrants, including Warrants in respect 
of which amounts are payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for payments is different from the prospective 
investor's currency; 
 
(iv) understands thoroughly the terms of the Warrants and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant underlying and financial 
markets; and 
 
(v) is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to 
bear the applicable risks. 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal 
investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal 
advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Warrants are legal investments for it, (2) Warrants can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Warrants. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Warrants under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 
INDEPENDENT REVIEW AND ADVICE 
 
Each prospective investor in the Warrants must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it 
deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Warrants is fully consistent with its financial needs, objectives 
and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper 
and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Warrants. 
 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each prospective investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Warrants are legal 
investments for it, (ii) Warrants can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase 
or pledge of any Warrants. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Warrants under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Prospective investors should also conduct 
such independent investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Warrants and all other relevant market and 
economic factors as they deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in Warrants. 
 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any other member of the Group in 
connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Warrants or as to the other matters referred to above. 
 
ASSESSMENT OF INVESTMENT SUITABILITY 
 
Each prospective investor in the Warrants must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own financial circumstances 
and investment objectives, and only after careful consideration with its financial, legal, tax and other advisers. In particular, each 
prospective investor should: 
 
(i)    have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Warrants, the merits and risks of investing in 
the Warrants and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable Supplement; 
 
(ii)    have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular financial situation, an 
investment in the Warrants and the impact the Warrants will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
 
(iii)    have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Warrants; 
 
(iv)    understand thoroughly the terms of the Warrants and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and financial markets; 
and 
 
(v)    be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other 
factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
The Warrants are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex financial 
instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with 
an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A prospective investor should not invest in 
Warrants which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how 
the Warrants will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Warrants and the impact this investment 
will have on the prospective investor's overall investment portfolio. Some Warrants which are complex financial instruments may be 
redeemable at an amount below par in which case investors may lose the value of part or their entire investment.

--- Page 54 ---
Important Information 
 
 
54 
NO LEGAL AND TAX ADVICE 
 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are giving legal or tax advices to the investors. Each prospective investor should consult its own 
advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects relating to an investment in the Warrants. A Warrantholder’s effective yield on the 
Warrants may be diminished by the tax on that Warrantholder of its investment in the Warrants.  
 
LEGALITY OF PURCHASE 
 
None of the Issuer, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition 
of the Warrants by a prospective purchaser of the Warrants, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the 
jurisdiction in which it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser with any law, regulation or regulatory 
policy applicable to it. 
 
TAXATION 
 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Warrants should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or 
duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Warrants are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some 
jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available in relation to the tax treatment of financial 
instruments such as the Warrants. Prospective investors are advised not to rely upon the tax summary contained in this Base 
Prospectus but to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, holding, disposal 
and settlement in respect of  Warrants. Only such adviser is in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the prospective 
investor.  
 
NO GROSS-UP RISK 
 
If a withholding or deduction is required by the Tax Jurisdiction and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Gross-up provision 
is not applicable, the Issuer will not be required to pay such additional amounts. In this case, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent 
nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so withheld or deducted. Consequently, investors 
will receive such payments net of such withholding tax. In such case, investors should note that they will take the risk of any applicable 
withholding tax and each Warrantholder shall be responsible for supplying or filing (as applicable) in a timely manner any documentary 
evidence or forms as the investor may be entitled to and as may be required in order to obtain relief or reduction of taxes imposed by 
way of withholding or deduction on payments under the Warrants. 
 
In addition, neither the Issuer nor any paying agent nor any other person will be required to pay additional amounts to cover any 
amounts withheld or deducted on account of any United States withholding taxes, including taxes under FATCA and Section 871(m) 
as discussed below. Consequently, investors will receive payments net of any applicable United States withholding taxes. 
 
UNITED STATES IMPORTANT NOTICE   
 
The Warrants and any guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities 
laws of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and trading in the Warrants has not been approved by the CFTC under 
the CEA. No person has registered and no person will register as a "commodity pool operator" of any Issuer under the CEA and the 
CFTC Rules, and no Issuer has been and no Issuer will be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
The Warrants are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant 
to Regulation S.  
 
Accordingly, the Warrants may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in an “offshore transaction” (as defined under 
Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a person who (a) is not a U.S. Person, as defined in the General Terms and Conditions; 
and (b) is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or 
order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a “Non-United States person” defined 
under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who 
are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person) and (c) is not a "U.S. person" for purposes of the final rules 
implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules) (a Risk Retention U.S. Person) (such a person or account, as described herein, a Permitted 
Transferee). The Warrants are available only to Permitted Transferees. 
 
THE WARRANTS OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR APPROVED BY, ANY 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES OR COMMODITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS 
OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY 
IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
 
This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus for the purposes of Section 12(a)(2) or any other provision of or rule under the Securities 
Act. 
 
Warrants in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States 
or its possessions or to United States persons, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) and the U.S. Treasury 
regulations promulgated thereunder.

--- Page 55 ---
Important Information 
 
 
55 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that, except to the extent subparagraph (ii) below may apply, any offer of 
Warrants in any Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Warrants. Accordingly any person making or intending to make 
an offer in that Relevant State of Warrants which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed 
by final terms in relation to the offer of those Warrants may only do so (i) in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer, or (ii) if a prospectus for such offer has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Relevant State and (in either case) published, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms which specify that offers may be made other than pursuant 
to Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State, such offer is made in the period beginning and ending 
on the dates specified for such purpose in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of such offer. Except to the extent subparagraph (ii) above may apply, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has 
authorised, nor does it authorise, the making of any offer of Warrants in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
 
SWITZERLAND IMPORTANT NOTICE  
 
The Warrants described in this Base Prospectus and related offering documents do not constitute a participation in a collective 
investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). Therefore, the Warrants 
are not subject to authorisation and supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA) and investors 
in the Warrants issued under this Programme will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by FINMA. Investors in 
the Warrants will bear a credit risk on the Issuer of the Warrants or, in the case of guaranteed Warrants, on the Guarantor. 
 
WITHHOLDING TAX IN FRANCE   
 
The statements herein regarding withholding tax considerations in France are based on the laws in force in France as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law. 
 
The following information is of a general nature only, is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice, and 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the French tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase, own or dispose of the Warrants. The information contained herein is limited to French withholding tax issues and 
prospective investors in the Warrants should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign 
laws, including French tax law, to which they may be subject and as to their tax position, as a result of the purchase, ownership and 
disposal of the Warrants. 
 
Withholding taxes on payments made by Societe Generale as Issuer outside of France 
 
The following may be relevant to holders of Warrants who do not concurrently hold shares in Societe Generale. 
 
Payments of interest and other income made by Societe Generale with respect to the Warrants will not be subject to the withholding 
tax provided by Article 125 A III of the French Tax Code (FTC) unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative 
State or territory within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the FTC (a Non-Cooperative State) other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 
bis of the same Article 238-0 A. If such payments under the Warrants are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than 
those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the FTC, a 75 per cent. withholding tax will be applicable (subject to certain 
exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the FTC. The list 
of Non-Cooperative States is published by a ministerial executive order and is updated on annual basis.  
 
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the FTC, interest and other income on such Warrants will not be deductible from Societe 
Generale’s taxable income if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an 
account held with a financial institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the Deductibility Exclusion). Under certain 
conditions, any such non-deductible interest and other income may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to Articles 
109 et seq. of the FTC, in which case such non-deductible interest and other income may be subject to the withholding tax provided 
by Article 119 bis 2 of the FTC, at (i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are not French tax residents, (ii) 
the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the second paragraph of Article 219-I of the FCT (i.e. 25 per cent for fiscal years 
beginning as from 1 January 2022) for payments benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (iii) a rate of 75 per 
cent. for payments made outside France inNon-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the 
FTC (subject to certain exceptions and to the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax treaty). 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax provided by Article 125 A III of the FTC nor the Deductibility 
Exclusion will apply in respect of an issue of Warrants if Societe Generale can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue 
of Warrants was not that of allowing the payments of interest and other income to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the 
Exception). Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques-Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30, no. 150 and BOI-INT-DG-20-50-
20, no. 290, an issue of Warrants will benefit from the Exception without the Issuer having to provide any proof of the purpose and 
effect of such issue of Warrants, if such Warrants are: 
 
(i) offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L. 411.1 of the French monetary and financial code for which the 
publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an equivalent offer in a State other than a Non-Cooperative State. For this 
purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any offer requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign 
securities market authority; and/or

--- Page 56 ---
Important Information 
 
 
56 
 
(ii) admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system provided that such market or 
system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such market is carried out by a market operator or an 
investment services provider or any other similar foreign entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services 
provider or entity is not located in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or 
 
(iii) admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery and payment systems 
operator within the meaning of Article L. 561-2 of the French monetary and financial code, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries 
or operators provided that such depositary or operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
 
Withholding taxes on payments made to individuals fiscally domiciled in France 
 
Pursuant to Article 125 A I of the FTC, where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France and subject to certain 
exceptions, interest and other assimilated income received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France 
are subject to a 12.8 per cent. withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in 
which the payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of withholding at a 
global rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and other assimilated income received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés 
fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
WITHHOLDING TAX IN LUXEMBOURG  
 
The statements herein regarding withholding tax considerations in Luxembourg are based on the laws in force in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law. 
 
The following information is of a general nature only, is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice, and 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the Luxembourg tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to 
purchase, own or dispose of the Warrants. The information contained herein is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and 
prospective investors in the Warrants should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign 
laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject and as to their tax position, as a result of the purchase, ownership 
and disposal of the Warrants. 
 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present herein to a withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other 
concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
 
Non-resident holders of Warrants issued by SG Issuer 
 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or 
interest made to non-resident holders of Warrants, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Warrants, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Warrants held by non-resident holders of the Warrants. 
 
Resident holders of Warrants issued by SG Issuer 
 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the Relibi Law), 
there is no Luxembourg withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of 
Warrants, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of the Warrants, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of the Warrants held by Luxembourg resident holders of the Warrants. 
 
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to an 
individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 %. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
 
Payments of interest under the Warrants coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 
%. 
 
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES 
 
The Issuers are corporations organised under the laws of Luxembourg, France and Germany, respectively (each a Relevant 
Jurisdiction). All of the officers and directors named herein reside outside the United States and all or a substantial portion of the 
assets of the relevant Issuer and of such officers and directors are located outside the United States. As a result, it may not be possible 
for investors to effect service of process in connection with a cause of action under the laws of a jurisdiction other than England and 
Wales outside the Relevant Jurisdiction upon the relevant Issuer or such persons, or to enforce judgments against them obtained in 
courts outside the Relevant Jurisdiction predicated upon civil liabilities of the relevant Issuer or such directors and officers under laws 
other than those of the Relevant Jurisdiction, including any judgment predicated upon United States federal securities laws. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants state "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as applicable, the Warrants, are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail

--- Page 57 ---
Important Information 
 
 
57 
investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling those Warrants or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling those Warrants or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants states "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as Applicable, the Warrantss are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Each Issuer maintains its financial books and records and prepares its financial statements in accordance with financial reporting 
standards which differ in certain important respects from generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (U.S. GAAP). 
 
OTHER INFORMATION  
 
Credit ratings  
 
The Issuer may ask one or more independent credit rating agencies (established in the EU and registered under the Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009, as amended (the CRA Regulation) and 
such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended) to assign credit ratings to a Series of Warrants. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the 
value of the Warrants. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
 
In general, European regulated investors should only base their investment decision on credit ratings assigned by credit rating 
agencies that are on the list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
 
Structured Warrants Linked to SGI Indices 
The roles of the various teams involved within Societe Generale in the design, maintenance and replication of indices have been 
strictly defined. The replication of any index is carried out in the same way by a single team within Societe Generale, whether for 
hedging of a product held by external investors or for positions held by Societe Generale acting as co-investors alongside external 
investors.  
 
INTERPRETATION 
 
1. Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning attributed 
thereto in the relevant General Terms and Conditions or any other section of this Base Prospectus. 
 
2. All references in this Base Prospectus and any applicable Final Terms to: 
 
(a) "U.S. dollars" or "U.S.$" refer to the lawful currency of the United States, those to "Sterling" or "£" refer to the lawful currency of 
the United Kingdom, those to "Australian dollars" or "A$" refer to the lawful currency of Australia, those to "Swiss Francs" refer to the 
lawful currency of Switzerland, those to "Japanese Yen" or "¥" refer to the lawful currency of Japan, those to "euro", "Euro" or "€" refer 
to the lawful currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on 
the Functioning of the European Union, as amended and those to "CNY", "CNH", "Yuan" or "RMB" or "Renminbi" refer to the lawful 
currency of the People's Republic of China (the PRC), which for the purpose of this document, excludes Taiwan and the Special 
Administrative Regions of the PRC: Hong Kong and Macau; 
 
any three letter alphabetic currency codes, including but not limited to the three letter alphabetic currency codes set out below, shall 
have the meaning given to them pursuant to ISO 4217 (the international standard currency code established by the International 
Organization for Standardization):

--- Page 58 ---
Important Information 
 
 
58 
Alphabetic code 
Country 
Currency 
AED 
UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
United Arab Emirates Dirham 
ARS 
ARGENTINA 
Argentine Peso 
AUD 
AUSTRALIA 
Australian Dollar 
BGN 
BULGARIA 
Bulgarian Lev 
BHD 
BAHRAIN 
Bahraini Dinar 
BWP 
BOTSWANA 
Botswana Pula 
BRL 
BRAZIL 
Brazilian Real 
CAD 
CANADA 
Canadian Dollar 
CHF 
SWITZERLAND 
Swiss Franc 
CLP 
CHILE 
Chilean Peso 
CNY 
CHINA 
Onshore or Offshore Chinese Yuan 
Renminbi (CNH is also code used to refer to Offshore 
Chinese Yuan Renminbi) 
CZK 
CZECH REPUBLIC 
Czech Koruna 
DKK 
DENMARK 
Danish Krone 
EUR 
EUROPEAN MEMBER STATES 1  
Euro 
GBP 
UNITED KINGDOM 
Pound Sterling 
GHS 
GHANA 
New Ghanaian cedi 
HKD 
HONG KONG 
Hong Kong Dollar 
HUF 
HUNGARY 
Forint 
ILS 
ISRAEL 
New Israeli Shekel 
IDR 
INDONESIA 
Indonesian Rupiah 
ISK 
ICELAND 
Icelandic Krona 
JOD 
JORDAN 
Jordanian Dinar 
JPY 
JAPAN 
Yen 
KES 
KENYA 
Kenyan Shilling 
KWD 
KUWAIT 
Kuwaiti Dinar 
KZT 
KAZAKHSTAN 
Kazakhstan Tenge 
LBP 
LEBANON 
Lebanese Pound 
 
LVL 
 
LATVIA 
 
Latvian Lats 
MAD 
MOROCCO 
Moroccan Dirham 
MUR 
MAURITIUS 
Mauritian Rupee 
MXN 
MEXICO 
Mexican Peso 
 
1 European Member States that have adopted the Euro pursuant to the third stage of European economic and monetary union 
pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 59 ---
Important Information 
 
 
59 
MYR 
MALAYSIA 
Malaysian Ringgit 
NAD 
NAMIBIA 
Namibian Dollar 
NGN 
NIGERIA 
Nigerian Naira 
NOK 
NORWAY 
Norwegian Krone 
OMR 
OMAN 
Omani Rial 
NZD 
NEW ZEALAND 
New Zealand Dollar 
PEN 
PERU 
Peruvian Nuevo Sol 
PHP 
PHILIPPINES 
Philippine Peso 
PLN 
POLAND 
Zloty 
QAR 
QATAR 
Qatari Riyal 
RON 
ROMANIA 
Leu 
RUB 
RUSSIA 
Russian Ruble 
SAR 
SAUDI ARABIA 
Saudi Arabian Riyal 
SEK 
SWEDEN 
Swedish Krona 
SGD 
SINGAPORE 
Singapore Dollar 
THB 
THAILAND 
Thai Baht 
TND 
TUNISIA 
Tunisian Dinar 
TRY 
TURKEY 
Turkish Lira 
USD 
UNITED STATES 
US Dollar 
ZAR 
SOUTH AFRICA 
Rand 
 
(b) the "Warrants" shall be to the English Law Warrants and/or the French Law Warrants, as appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, 
in "General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants", references to the "Warrants" shall be to the English Law Warrants, 
and in "General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants", references to the "Warrants" shall be to the French Law Warrants; 
 
(c) the "General Terms and Conditions" or the "Conditions" shall be to the General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
and/or the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants, as appropriate; 
 
(d) an "English Law Condition" shall be to the relevant condition in the General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants;  
 
(e) the "Final Terms" shall be to the final terms document prepared based on the "Form of Final Terms"; and   
 
(f) a "French Law Condition" shall be to the relevant condition in the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants. 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
 
EACH OF THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR (THE RESPONSIBLE PERSONS) ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN, OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND FOR THE 
INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR EACH TRANCHE OF WARRANTS ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME. TO THE BEST OF THE KNOWLEDGE AND BELIEF OF EACH ISSUER AND THE GUARANTOR (EACH HAVING 
TAKEN ALL REASONABLE CARE TO ENSURE THAT SUCH IS THE CASE) THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN, OR 
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FACTS AND DOES NOT 
OMIT ANYTHING LIKELY TO AFFECT THE IMPORT OF SUCH INFORMATION.

--- Page 60 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
 
60 
 
REGULATORY INFORMATION  
 
French, Luxembourg  and German law and European legislation regarding the resolution of financial institutions may require 
the write-down or conversion to equity of the Warrants or other resolution measures if the Issuers are deemed to meet the 
conditions for resolution  
 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the BRRD) entered into force on 2 July 2014. 
The BRRD, as amended, has been implemented into Luxembourg law by, among others, the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 
2015 on the failure of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the BRR Act 2015). Under the BRR Act 2015, the 
competent authority is the Luxembourg financial sector supervisory authority (Commission de surveillance du secteur financier, the 
CSSF) and the resolution authority is the CSSF acting as resolution council (conseil de résolution).  
 
In April 2023, the EU Commission released a proposal to amend, in particular, the BRRD according to which senior preferred debt 
instruments 
 
would 
no 
longer 
rank 
pari 
passu 
with 
any 
non 
covered 
non 
preferred 
deposits 
of 
the 
Issuer; 
instead, 
senior 
preferred 
debt 
instruments 
would 
rank 
junior 
in 
right 
of 
payment 
to 
the 
claims of all depositors. 
 
This proposal will be discussed and amended by the European Parliament and the European Council before being final and 
applicable. If the Commission proposal was adopted as is, there may be an increased risk of an investor in senior preferred obligations 
losing all or some of their investment in the context of the exercise of the Bail-in Power. The proposal may also lead to a rating 
downgrade for senior preferred debt instruments.  
 
The BRRD has been implemented into German law by, among others, the German Act on the Restructuring and Resolution of 
Institutions (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz, as amended, the SAG). Under the SAG, the competent authority is the German 
financial sector supervisory authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, the BaFin) and the resolution authority is the 
BaFin acting as resolution council.  
 
Moreover, Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules 
and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism (SRM) and a Single Resolution Framework (the SRM Regulation) has established a centralised power of resolution 
entrusted to a Single Resolution Board (the SRB) in cooperation with the national resolution authorities.  
 
Since November 2014, the European Central Bank (ECB) has taken over the prudential supervision of significant credit institutions in 
the member states of the Eurozone under the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM). In addition, the SRM has been put in place to 
ensure that the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms across the Eurozone is harmonised. As mentioned above, 
the SRM is managed by the SRB. Under Article 5(1) of the SRM Regulation, the SRM has been granted those responsibilities and 
powers granted to the EU Member States’ resolution authorities under the BRRD for those credit institutions and certain investment 
firms subject to direct supervision by the ECB. The ability of the SRB to exercise these powers came into force at the beginning of 
2016.  
 
Societe Generale has been, and continues to be, designated as a significant supervised entity for the purposes of Article 49(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 468/2014 of the ECB of 16 April 2014 establishing the framework for cooperation within the SSM between the 
ECB and national competent authorities and with national designated authorities (the SSM Regulation) and is consequently subject 
to the direct supervision of the ECB in the context of the SSM. This means that Societe Generale, SG Issuer and Societe Generale 
Effekten GmbH (being covered by the consolidated prudential supervision of Societe Generale) are also subject to the SRM, which 
came into force in 2015. The SRM Regulation mirrors the BRRD and, to a large part, refers to the BRRD so that the SRB is able to 
apply the same powers that would otherwise be available to the relevant national resolution authority.  
 
The stated aim of the BRRD and the SRM Regulation is to provide for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms. The regime provided for by the BRRD is, among other things, stated 
to be needed to provide the resolution authority designated by each EU Member State (the Resolution Authority) with a credible set 
of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s 
critical financial and economic functions while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system 
(including taxpayers’ exposure to losses).  
 
In accordance with the provisions of the SRM Regulation, when applicable, the SRB, has replaced the national resolution authorities 
designated under the BRRD with respect to all aspects relating to the decision-making process and the national resolution authorities 
designated under the BRRD continue to carry out activities relating to the implementation of resolution schemes adopted by the SRB. 
The provisions relating to the cooperation between the SRB and the national resolution authorities for the preparation of the 
institutions’ resolution plans have applied since 1 January 2015 and the SRM has been fully operational since 1 January 2016.  
 
The SRB is the Resolution Authority for the Issuers (Societe Generale and SG Issuer).  
 
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include write-down/conversion powers to 
ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments and/or Unsecured Warrants (issued by SG Issuer)) and 
eligible liabilities (including senior debt instruments, such as the Senior Warrants, if junior instruments prove insufficient to absorb all 
losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution that is subject to resolution in accordance with a set order of priority (the Bail-in Power). 
The conditions for resolution under the SRM Regulation are deemed to be met when: (i) the Resolution Authority determines that the

--- Page 61 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
 
61 
institution is failing or is likely to fail, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any measure other than a resolution measure would 
prevent the failure within a reasonable timeframe, and (iii) a resolution measure is necessary for the achievement of the resolution 
objectives (in particular, ensuring the continuity of critical functions, avoiding a significant adverse effect on the financial system, 
protecting public funds by minimizing reliance on extraordinary public financial support, and protecting client funds and assets) and 
winding up of the institution under normal insolvency proceedings would not meet those resolution objectives to the same extent.  
 
The Resolution Authority could also, independently of a resolution measure or in combination with a resolution measure, fully or 
partially write-down or convert capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments such as the Unsecured Warrants (issued 
by SG Issuer)) into equity when it determines that the institution or its group will no longer be viable unless such write-down or 
conversion power is exercised or when the institution requires extraordinary public financial support (except when extraordinary public 
financial support is provided in Article 10 of the SRM Regulation. The terms and conditions of the Warrants contain provisions giving 
effect to the Bail-in Power in the context of resolution and write-down or conversion of capital instruments at the point of non-viability.  
 
The Bail-in Power could result in the full (i.e., to zero) or partial write-down or conversion of the Warrants into ordinary shares or other 
instruments of ownership, or the variation of the terms of the Warrants (for example,  the expiration of the Warrants may be altered 
and/or a temporary suspension of payments may be ordered). Extraordinary public financial support should only be used as a last 
resort after having assessed and applied, to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution measures. No support will be available 
until a minimum amount of contribution to loss absorption and recapitalization of 8% of total liabilities including own funds has been 
made by shareholders, holders of capital instruments and other eligible liabilities through write-down, conversion or otherwise.  
 
In addition to the Bail-in Power, the BRRD provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement other resolution 
measures with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, which may include (without limitation) the sale of the 
institution’s business, the creation of a bridge institution, the separation of assets, the replacement or substitution of the institution as 
obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount 
of interest payable and/or imposing a temporary suspension on payments), removing management, appointing an interim 
administrator, and discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments.  
Before taking a resolution measure, including implementing the Bail-in Power, or exercising the power to write down or convert 
relevant capital instruments, the Resolution Authority must ensure that a fair, prudent and realistic valuation of the assets and liabilities 
of the institution is carried out by a person independent from any public authority.  
 
The BRRD, the BRR Act 2015 and the SRM Regulation however also state that, under exceptional circumstances, if the bail-in 
instrument is applied, the SRB, in cooperation with the CSSF, may completely or partially exclude certain liabilities from the application 
of the impairment or conversion powers under certain conditions. 
 
Since 1 January 2016, EU credit institutions (such as Societe Generale) and certain investment firms have to meet, at all times, a 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL) pursuant to Article 12 of the SRM Regulation. The MREL, which is 
expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution, aims at preventing institutions from structuring their 
liabilities in a manner that impedes the effectiveness of the Bail-in Power in order to facilitate resolution.  
 
The regime has evolved as a result of the changes adopted by the EU legislators. On 7 June 2019, as part of the contemplated 
amendments to the so-called EU Banking Package, the following legislative texts were published in the Official Journal of the EU 14 
May 2019: 
  
• Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms (the BRRD II); and 
  
• Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation as regards 
the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity (TLAC) of credit institutions and investment firms (the SRM II Regulation and, 
together with the BRRD II, the EU Banking Package Reforms).  
 
The EU Banking Package Reforms introduced, among other things, the TLAC standard as implemented by the Financial Stability 
Board's TLAC Term Sheet (FSB TLAC Term Sheet), by adapting, among other things, the existing regime relating to the specific 
MREL with aim of reducing risks in the banking sector and further reinforcing institutions’ ability to withstand potential shocks will 
strengthen the banking union and reduce risks in the financial system.  
 
The TLAC has been implemented in accordance with the FSB TLAC Term Sheet, which impose a level of Minimum TLAC that will be 
determined individually for each global systemically important bank (G-SIB), such as Societe Generale, in an amount at least equal 
to (i) 16%, plus applicable buffers, of risk weight assets since January 1, 2022 and 18%, plus applicable buffers, thereafter and (ii) 
6% of the Basel III leverage ratio denominator since January 1, 2022 and 6.75% thereafter (each of which could be extended by 
additional firm-specific requirements).  
 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms (the CRR), as amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements (the CRR 
II), EU G-SIBs, such as Societe Generale, have to comply with TLAC requirements, on top of the MREL requirements, since the entry 
into force of the CRR II. As such, G-SIBs, such as Societe Generale have to comply with both the TLAC and MREL requirements.  
 
Consequently, the criteria for MREL-eligible liabilities have been closely aligned with the criteria for TLAC-eligible liabilities under CRR 
II,, but subject to the complementary adjustments and requirements introduced in the BRRD II. In particular, certain debt instruments

--- Page 62 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
 
62 
with an embedded derivative component, such as certain structured securities, will be eligible, subject to certain conditions, to meet 
MREL requirements to the extent that they have a fixed or increasing principal amount repayable at maturity that is known in advance 
with only an additional return permitted to be linked to that derivative component and dependent on the performance of a reference 
asset.  
 
The level of capital and eligible liabilities required under MREL is set by the SRB for Societe Generale on an individual and/or 
consolidated basis based on certain criteria including systemic importance and may also be set for SG Issuer. Eligible liabilities may 
be senior or subordinated, provided, among other requirements, that they have a remaining term of at least one year and they 
recognise contractually the Resolution Auhtority's power to write down or convert the liabilities governed by non-EU law. 
 
The scope of liabilities used to meet MREL includes, in principle, all liabilities resulting from claims arising from ordinary unsecured 
creditors (non-subordinated liabilities) unless they do not meet specific eligibility criteria set out in BRRD, as amended by BRRD II. 
To enhance the resolvability of institutions and entities through an effective use of the bail-in tool, the SRB should be able to require 
that MREL be met with own funds and other subordinated liabilities, in particular where there are clear indications that bailed-in 
creditors are likely to bear losses in resolution that would exceed the losses that they would incur under normal insolvency 
proceedings. Moreover the SRB should assess the need to require institutions and entities to meet the MREL with own funds and 
other subordinated liabilities where the amount of liabilities excluded from the application of the bail- in tool reaches a certain 
threshold within a class of liabilities that includes MREL-eligible liabilities. Any subordination of debt instruments requested by the 
SRB for the MREL shall be without prejudice to the possibility to partly meet the TLAC requirements with non-subordinated debt 
instruments in accordance with the CRR, as amended by the CRR II, as permitted by the TLAC standard. Specific requirements 
apply to resolution groups with assets above EUR 100 billion (top-tier banks, including Societe Generale). 
 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" 
 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the London interbank offered rate (LIBOR) and the euro 
interbank offered rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Warrants linked to or referencing such a benchmark.  
 
The Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the Benchmarks Regulation) was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and 
has mostly applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, from 1 January 2018. The EU  Benchmarks Regulation applies to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other 
things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as Societe Generale) of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register 
referred to in Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.  
 
Each benchmark specified in this Base Prospectus is listed in the table below, with the name of the relevant Administrator providing 
such benchmark.  
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Administrator appears/ does not appear, as the case may be, on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, as specified in the table below.  
 
If "Does not appear and exempted" is specified in the table below, it means that the relevant Administrator does not fall within the 
scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation.  
 
If "Does not appear and non-exempted" is specified in the table below, it means that, as far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that the relevant Administrator is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration. 
 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
ESMA Register 
EURIBOR 
European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) 
Appears 
EUR-EURIBOR ICE Swap 
Rate 11:00 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
EONIA 
European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) 
Appears 
EUR-CMS 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
SOFR-CMS 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
USD-SOFR ICE Swap Rate 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted

--- Page 63 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
 
63 
SHIBOR 
People's Bank of China 
Does not appear and exempted 
CIBOR 
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS 
Appears 
NIBOR 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) 
Appears 
STIBOR 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
SONIA 
Bank of England 
Does not appear and exempted 
SOFR 
CME Group Benchmark Administration 
Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
€STR 
ECB 
Does not appear and exempted 
SARON 
SIX Swiss Exchange 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
TONA 
Refinitiv Benchmark Services (UK) Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
SORA 
ABS Benchmarks Administration Co Pte Ltd 
Appears 
HONIA 
Treasury Markets Association (TMA) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
AONIA 
ASX Benchmarks Limited 
Appears 
CORRA 
Bank of Canada 
Does not appear and exempted 
OBFR 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
Does not appear and exempted 
FOMC Target Rate 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
Does not appear and exempted 
FTSE MIB index 
FTSE International Limited 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
SGMDGPPB Index - SGI 
Global 85% Progressive 
Protection Bond Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
IND1GMAS Index - Global 
Multi Asset Strategy EUR 
Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDPP90 Index - SGI 
Progressive Protection 90 
Index  
Societe Generale  
Appears 
SGITEGD Index - SGI 
European Green Deal Index 
Societe Generale  
Appears 
SGIXTLU Index - SGI World 
Travel and Leisure Index 
Societe Generale  
Appears 
SGITGAMA Index - SGI 
Greener America Ahead 
Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
ERIX Index - European 
Renewable Energy Total 
Return Index in EUR 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGIXROBO Index - Rise Of 
The Robots Index (USD - 
Net Total Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDDP95 Index – SGI 
Dynamic Protection 95% 
Index (EUR – Total Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDPP85 Index – SGI 
ESG 85% 
Progressive 
Societe Generale 
Appears

--- Page 64 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
 
64 
Protection Bond 
Index (EUR – Total 
Return) 
SGITEGDA Index - SGI 
European Green Deal AR 
5% Index (EUR – Adjusted 
Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDMC95 Index - SGI 
Moorea Sustainable 
Crescendo 95% Index (EUR 
– Total Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDMJ22 Index - SGI 
Multi Asset Janvier 2022 
90% Index (EUR - Total 
Return)  
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDROBT Index - SG 
Rise Of The Robots VT 9 
Index (Excess Return - 
USD)” 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDGP85 Index - SGI 
Global Progressive 
Protection 85 (SEK – Total 
Return) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDWO9 - SGI Water VT 
9 Index (Excess Return - 
EUR) 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDVE11 - SGI 
European Value VT 11 
Index (Excess Return - 
EUR) 
Societe Generale  
Appears 
SGMDGD9 - SGI European 
Green Deal VT 9 Index 
(Excess Return - EUR) 
Societe Generale  
Appears 
SGIXINFL Index - SGI 
Inflation Proxy Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGIXFMLY Index - SGI 
Offices run by 
families Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGIXOPER Index - SGI 
Optimised Portfolio 
Enhanced Risk Allocation  
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGDEINFL Index - SGI 
Inflation Proxy 
Index CNTR 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
WOWAX Index - World 
Water Total Return Index in 
EUR 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
WOWAXPC Index - World 
Water Price Index in EUR 
Market Cap Adjusted 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
SGMDTB85 Index - SGI 
Technology 85% 
Societe Generale 
Appears

--- Page 65 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
 
65 
Progressive Protection 
Bond Index 
IND1BQSI Index - 
Banor Quality 
Equity Selection 
Index 
Societe Generale 
Appears 
AL  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted  
AL3  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted  
CU  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
CU3  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted  
GI 
European Energy Exchange (EEX) 
Appears  
GOA 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
MCU  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
NI  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
NI3  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
PB  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
PB3  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
GO 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
PDA 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
PD 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
PTA 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted  
PT 
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
SI 
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited 
(IBA) 
Does not appear and non-exempted  
ZN  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
ZN3  
London Metal Exchange Limited (LME) 
Does not appear and non-exempted 
 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the existing provisions 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country 
benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation were further amended by the Amending 
Regulation.  
 
The Amending Regulation introduced a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain benchmarks by 
conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission, such replacement being limited 
to contracts and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks were extended 
until the end of 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. The Amending 
Regulation applied as of 13 February 2021.  
  
The sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible 
disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue contributing to such 
benchmarks.The UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) has subsequently confirmed that it would no longer persuade or compel 
banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021.  
 
As such, all Euro, Swiss franc and certain Japanese yen settings, all sterling LIBOR settings other than 1-,3-and 6-month sterling 
LIBOR, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar settings of LIBOR were discontinued on 31 December 2021. Synthetic sterling and

--- Page 66 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
 
66 
Japanese yen LIBOR for 1-, 3- and 6-month settings have been published since 4 January 2022, although these LIBOR settings were 
deemed no longer to be representative of the relevant underlying market. The continued publication of the Japanese yen LIBOR 
settings ceased permanently as from the end of 2022.  
 
The remaining U.S. dollar settings will cease or no longer be representative immediately after 30 June 2023. 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed by the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as the case may be, or any of the international or national reforms in 
making any investment decision with respect to any Warrants linked to or referencing a benchmark.  
 
Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
 
A proposal of the European Commission (the Commission’s Proposal) was published on 14 February 2013 for a common FTT in 
Belgium, Germany, Greece, Estonia, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member 
States) could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating Member States and primarily to 
"financial institutions". However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes (including secondary 
market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should however, be exempt. 
 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside of the participating 
Member States and primarily to "financial institutions". However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. Generally, it would 
apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
 
However, the Commission's Proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States. It may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains uncertain. Additional EU Member States may also decide to participate 
and/or participating Member States may decide to withdraw.  
 
At the ECOFIN Council meeting of 14 June 2019, a state of play of the work on the FTT was presented on the basis of a note prepared 
by Germany on 7 June 2019 indicating a consensus among the participating Member States (excluding Estonia) to continue 
negotiations on the basis of a joint French-German proposal based on the French financial transactions tax model which in principle 
would only concern shares of listed companies whose head office is in a member state of the European Union. However, such 
proposal is still subject to change until a final approval. 
 
Prospective holders of Warrants are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.  
 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding  
 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (FATCA) may impose a 30% withholding tax on certain 
payments made to certain financial institutions and other entities that do not comply with the requirements under FATCA or to investors 
that fail to provide their broker or custodian with any information, forms, other documentation, or consents (FATCA Documentation) 
that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding.  
 
U.S. Withholding Tax under Section 871(m)  
 
Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (Section 
871(m)) generally impose a 30% withholding tax on dividend equivalent amounts paid or deemed paid to non-U.S. holders with 
respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. equities. Section 871(m) provides certain 
exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set 
forth in the applicable Treasury regulations (such an index, a Qualified Index). Additionally, IRS guidance excludes from the scope 
of Section 871(m) instruments issued prior to January 1, 2023 that are not "delta-one" instruments with respect to underlying securities 
that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes (each an Underlying Security). If the Issuer has 
determined withholding under Section 871(m) applies, it will generally apply withholding at a 30% rate without regard to any applicable 
treaty rate(s) or any investor’s individual tax situation.  
 
Investors should consult their tax adviser regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) Regulations to their 
investment in the Warrants.  
 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the European Market Infrastructure Regulation  
 
Passage of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act) in 2010 in the United States and of 
the European Regulation 648/2012, known as the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR) which entered into force on 16 
August 2012 and took direct effect in the Member States of the European Union, has led to significant structural reforms affecting the 
financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act also contains prohibitions, commonly called, together with the implementing 
regulations, the Volcker Rule, which regulate the ability of banking entities to engage as principal in proprietary trading activities and 
sponsoring or investing in hedge, private equity or similar funds. Even though some modifications to the Volcker Rule implementing 
regulations took effect in 2020, the Volcker Rule continues to operate as a constraint on these activities.

--- Page 67 ---
Regulatory Information 
 
 
67 
 
Both Title VII (Title VII) of the Dodd-Frank Act and EMIR establish comprehensive regulatory regimes for a broad range of derivatives 
contracts including swaps, security-based swaps and mixed swaps (collectively referred to in this section as Covered Swaps).  
 
In particular, under Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act and under EMIR, swaps entered into by any Issuer may be required to be cleared 
through a central counterparty, executed on a trading venue, and subject to additional margin and capital, reporting and recordkeeping 
requirements that could result in additional regulatory burdens, costs and expenses (including extraordinary, non-recurring expenses 
of such Issuer).  
 
In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act, amending the CEA, expanded the definition of a "commodity pool" to include any form of enterprise 
operated for the purpose of trading in commodity interests, including swaps. Each Issuer has imposed certain restrictions on sales in 
order to fall outside the scope of the CEA. In addition, if any Issuer were deemed to be a "commodity pool", it would be required to 
register as such with the CFTC and the National Futures Association and would have to comply with a number of reporting 
requirements that are designed to apply to traded commodity pools. It is presently unclear how such Issuer could comply with certain 
of these reporting requirements on an ongoing basis. 
 
Investment Company Act  
 
SG Issuer has not registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) as an investment company 
pursuant to the Investment Company Act. Investors in the Warrants will not have the protections of the Investment Company Act.  
 
If the SEC or a court of competent jurisdiction were to find that the relevant Issuer is required, but in violation of the Investment 
Company Act, has failed, to register as an investment company, possible consequences include, but are not limited to, the following: 
(i) the SEC could apply to a district court to enjoin the violation; (ii) investors in the relevant Issuer could sue such Issuer and recover 
any damages caused by the violation; and (iii) any contract to which the relevant Issuer is party that is made in, or whose performance 
involves, a violation of the Investment Company Act would be unenforceable by any party to the contract unless a court were to find 
that under the circumstances enforcement would produce a more equitable result than non-enforcement and would not be inconsistent 
with the purposes of the Investment Company Act.  
 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book regulation  
 
For (A) an Index or SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Equity Instruments 
that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds, ETF Share or an Underlying Index composed of ETF, (B) a Fund or 
(C) ETP or ETF, if from 1 January 2023, the related Fund, Fund Provider of the underlying Fund, ETF or ETF Service Provider of the 
underlying ETF, ETP or ETP Issuer of the underlying ETP, as the case may be, does not make publicly available information or does 
not provide information (either spontaneously or as required pursuant to laws and regulations or contractual arrangements) enabling 
Societe Generale or its affiliates to calculate its market risks as holder of Fund Units, ETF or ETP, as the case may be, to hedge the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants, as if it were holding directly the assets of the underlying Fund, ETF or ETP, as the case 
may be (the FRTB Information), Societe Generale or its affiliates may be subject to significantly higher capital requirements under the 
Fundamental Review of the Trading Book as implemented into French law.

--- Page 68 ---
Important Information relating to Non-Exempt Offers 
 
 
68 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS 
 
 
Certain Tranches of Warrants may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the 
Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to below as a Non-exempt Offer.  
 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, you are offered Warrants by any entity, you should check that such entity has been 
given consent to use this Base Prospectus for the purposes of making its offer before agreeing to purchase any Warrants. 
The following entities have consent to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer:  
• any entity named as a Dealer in the applicable Final Terms;  
• if the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "Individual Consent" in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
       (a) any financial intermediary specified in the applicable Final Terms as having been granted specific consent to use the 
Base Prospectus; or  
 
        (b) any financial intermediary named on the website of the Issuer (http://prospectus.socgen.com) as an Authorised 
Offeror in respect of the Non-exempt Offer (if that financial intermediary has been appointed after the date of the applicable 
Final Terms); and  
 
        (c) if the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "General Consent" in the applicable Final Terms, any financial 
intermediary authorised to make such offers under MiFID II who has published the Acceptance Statement (as defined below) 
on its website.  
 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
 
The entities listed above have been given consent to use the Base Prospectus only during the Offer Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and only in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions.  
 
For Non-exempt Offers which will close after the validity of this Base Prospectus, investors should refer to the succeeding 
base prospectus which will be available on http://prospectus.socgen.com and the section Ongoing Non-exempt Offers.  
 
Other than as set out above, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any person and the Issuer 
has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of 
Warrants.  
 
 
1. CONSENT GIVEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 5(1) OF THE EU PROSPECTUS REGULATION 
In the context of any offer of Warrants that is not within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation (a Non-exempt Offer), each of the Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility, in each Relevant State 
(as defined below) for which it has given its consent (each a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction) as specified below, for the content of 
the Base Prospectus under Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to any person (an Investor) to whom any offer of 
Warrants is made by any financial intermediary to whom it has given its consent to use the Base Prospectus (an Authorised 
Offeror), where the offer is made during the period for which that consent is given in a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction for which that 
consent was given and is in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent. The consent and conditions 
attached to it are set out under "Type of Consent" and "Conditions to Consent" below. 
 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any relevant Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised Offeror 
with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements in relation to any Non-
exempt Offer and none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any relevant Dealer has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that 
Authorised Offeror.  
 
However, neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any 
Authorised Offeror, including the non-compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local 
regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. Neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor nor 
the relevant Dealer authorises the use of the Base Prospectus in the case of a Non-exempt Offer of Warrants in a Member State of 
the EEA (each, a Relevant State) other than a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction or in a Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction but made by a 
financial intermediary to which the relevant Issuer has not given its consent.  
 
Such unauthorised Non-exempt Offers are not made by or on behalf the relevant Issuer the Guarantor or the relevant Dealer and 
neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for the actions of any person making 
such offers and the related consequences.  
Save as provided above, neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor nor the relevant Dealer authorises that any Non-exempt Offers 
of Warrants may be made in circumstances which would require a relevant Issuer to publish a prospectus or a Supplement to the 
Base Prospectus.  
 
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, a prospective investor is offered Warrants by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, 
such prospective investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of

--- Page 69 ---
Important Information relating to Non-Exempt Offers 
 
 
69 
the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the prospective investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on 
this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
 
2. TYPE OF CONSENT 
 
Subject to the conditions set out below under "Conditions to Consent" and if it is specified in the applicable Final Terms relating to 
any Tranche of Warrants, the Issuer consents to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to a Non-exempt Offer of such Warrants 
during the offer period specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Offer Period).  
 
The consent given by the Issuer may be an individual consent (an Individual Consent) and/or a general consent (a General 
Consent), each as further described below and as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
2.1 Individual Consent  
 
If the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "Individual Consent" in the applicable Final Terms, it means that the Issuer consents 
to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to an Non-exempt Offer of such Warrants by the relevant Dealer and by:  
 
(i) any financial intermediary (other than a Dealer) acting in association with the Issuer named Initial Authorised Offeror, whose 
name and address are specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
 
(ii) any financial intermediary acting in association with the Issuer, appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms, and named 
Additional Authorised Offeror, 
whose 
name 
and address will be published on the website of the 
Issuer 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com).  
 
2.2 General Consent  
 
If the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "General Consent" in the applicable Final Terms, it means that the Issuer consents 
to the use of the Base Prospectus in relation to a Non-exempt Offer of Warrants to any financial intermediary acting independently 
from the Issuer named General Authorised Offeror which:  
 
(i) holds all necessary licences, consents, approvals and permissions required by any laws, rules, regulations and guidance (including 
from any regulatory body), applicable to the Non-exempt Offer of the Warrants to be authorised to do such offer under the applicable 
laws of the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, in particular the applicable law implementing MiFID II; and  
 
(ii) publishes on its website a statement that it makes such Non-exempt Offer of Warrants based on the General Consent given by 
the Issuer for the use of the Base Prospectus (the Acceptance Statement):  
 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant Warrants] (the Warrants) described in 
the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) published by [Societe Generale/SG Issuer /SG Effekten GmbH] (the Issuer) 
[and Societe Generale (the Guarantor)]. We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer [and the Guarantor] of its consent to our use of 
the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the [insert title of the relevant  Warrants] in 
accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, and confirm 
that we are using the Base Prospectus accordingly."  
 
Through this publication on its website, the General Authorised Offeror commits itself to respect the following conditions:  
 
(a) it acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidance (including from any regulatory body applicable to the 
Non-exempt Offer of the Warrants in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction, in particular the applicable law implementing MiFID II 
(hereinafter the Rules) and makes sure that (i) any investment advice in the Warrants by any person is appropriate, (ii) the information 
to prospective investors including the information relating to any expenses (and any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or 
paid by this General Authorised Offeror under the offer of the Warrants is fully and clearly disclosed prior to the investment in the 
Warrants;  
 
(b) it complies with the restrictions set out under the section "Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus 
related to the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction as if it acted as a Dealer in the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction and considers the relevant 
manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out 
in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
(c) ensure that the existence of any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate received or paid by the relevant 
financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Warrants does not violate the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to 
Warrantholders or prospective investors prior to their investment in the Warrants and to the extent required by the Rules, provides 
further information in respect thereof ;  
 
(d) it complies with the Rules relating to anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, anti-bribery and "know your customer" rules (including, 
without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such rules, to establish and document the identity of each prospective 
investor prior to initial investment in any Warrants by the Investor), and will not permit any application for Warrants in circumstances 
where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the source of the application monies; it retains investor identification records 
for at least the minimum period required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant 
Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or directly to the competent authorities with jurisdiction over the relevant Issuer and/or the relevant

--- Page 70 ---
Important Information relating to Non-Exempt Offers 
 
 
70 
Dealer in order to enable the relevant Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-corruption, anti-
bribery and "know your customer" rules applying to the relevant Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer, as the case may be;  
 
(e) co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant information (including, without limitation, documents and 
records maintained pursuant to paragraph (d) above) and such further assistance as reasonably requested upon written request from 
the Issuer or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame set by 
any such regulator or regulatory process. For this purpose, relevant information that is available to or can be acquired by the relevant 
financial intermediary:  
(i) in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to the Warrants, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or  
(ii) in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer 
or another Authorised Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published by any regulator of competent 
jurisdiction from time to time; and/or  
(iii) which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to time in relation to the Warrants and/or as to allow the 
Issuer or the relevant Dealer fully to comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements;  
 
(f) it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealers to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make 
any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction;  
 
(g) it meets any other condition specified under the clause "General Consent/Other conditions to consent" in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
 
(h) it commits itself to indemnify the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the relevant Dealer, Societe Generale and each of 
its affiliates for any damage, loss, expense, claim, request or loss and fees (including reasonable fees from law firms) incurred by one 
of these entities because of, or in relation with, any failure by this General Authorised Offeror (or any of its sub-distributors) to respect 
any of these obligations above;  
 
 
(i) it has knowledge of, and is committed to complying with the laws and regulations relating to anti-bribery, corruption and Influence 
Peddling, including any changes thereto, applicable to its activities; 
 
(j) neither it nor, to the best of its knowledge, any of the persons whom it controls (including its directors, officers or employees, each 
a “Controlled Person”), nor any sub-distributor or intermediary it has mandated for the purposes of its activities, has committed or 
will commit any Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling directly or indirectly, in each case to or for the use or benefit of, any person or any 
government official (which shall include any official, employee or representative of, or any other person acting in an official capacity 
for or on behalf of any government of any jurisdiction, any public international organisation, any political party, or any quasi-
governmental body). 
 
Where:  
 
“Corrupt Act” shall mean the deliberate act (i) of giving, offering or promising directly or indirectly through others such as third party 
intermediaries, or (ii) soliciting or accepting, directly or indirectly through others such as third party intermediaries, any offer, donation, 
gift, invitation, reward or anything of value to any person (including any Public Official), for themselves or for a third party, that would 
or could be perceived either as an inducement to commit an act of corruption or as a deliberate act of corruption, in each case with a 
view to inducing any person (including a Public Official) to perform their functions improperly or dishonestly and/or getting any undue 
benefit.  
 
“Influence Peddling” shall mean the deliberate act of (i) giving, offering or promising to any person (including any Public Official), or 
(ii) yielding to any person (including any Public Official) who solicits, at any time, directly or indirectly, any offer, donation, gift, invitation, 
reward, or anything of value, for themselves or for others, in each case to abuse or for having abused their real or supposed influence 
with a view to obtaining from a Public Official any favourable decision or undue benefit. 
 
“Public Official” shall mean elected officials, dignitaries, candidates for public office, members of royal families, magistrates, officials 
or employees, regardless of their grade, or any person belonging to or acting on behalf of (i) a government (foreign, national or local) 
including any department, agency, regulator or one if their bodies or instrumentalities, (ii) a government department or public authority 
(including but not limited to customs or tax authorities, embassies and all bodies issuing permits, (iii) a local or regional public service, 
(iv) a State-owned or controlled enterprise (public hospitals, universities, sovereign investment funds or any other state-sponsored 
entity), (v) a political party, or (vi) an international court or public organisation (e.g. the UN); 
 
(k) it has put in place appropriate rules and procedures, in a form and manner mandated by law and/or appropriate for a business of 
its size and resources, aiming at (i) preventing any Corrupt Act and Influence Peddling from being committed by itself, its Controlled 
Persons and – if any – its sub-distributor or other intermediaries it has mandated for the purpose of its activities and (ii) ensuring that 
any evidence or suspicion of a Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling is investigated and handled with the appropriate diligence. Any 
Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling related to its Activities shall be promptly reported to Societe Generale or the relevant Issuer to the 
extent permitted by applicable law and acted upon accordingly; 
 
 
(l) neither it nor any of its agents, sub-distributors or Controlled Persons is ineligible or treated by any governmental or international 
authority as ineligible to tender for any contract or business with, or to be awarded any contract or business by, such authority on the 
basis of any actual or alleged  Corrupt Act or Influence Peddling;

--- Page 71 ---
Important Information relating to Non-Exempt Offers 
 
 
71 
(m) It has kept adequate reasonably detailed books, adequate records and accounts in respect of its activities,in a form and manner 
appropriate for a business of its size and resources;  
 
(n) it represents and warrants that it shall not distribute financial instruments to, or enter into any arrangement with respect to financial 
instruments with, Sanctioned Persons. It shall implement and maintain appropriate safeguards designed to prevent any action that 
would be contrary to this section;  
 
Where: 
 
“Sanctioned Person” means any individual or entity that is a designated target of Sanctions or is otherwise subject of Sanctions, 
including without limitation, as a result of being (a) owned or controlled directly or indirectly by any person/entity or persons/entities 
which is or are a designated target of Sanctions, or (b) organized under the laws of, or a resident of, any country or territory that is 
subject to comprehensive or country-wide Sanctions;  
 
“Sanctions” means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar measures enacted, administered or enforced by 
any of the following (or by any agency of any of the following): 
(a)    the United Nations;  
(b)    the United States of America; 
(c)    the United Kingdom; or 
(d)    the European Union or any present or future member state thereof; 
 
(e) it undertakes to promptly inform Societe Generale or the relevant Issuer of (a) any complaint received in relation to its activities or 
the financial instruments; or (b) any event affecting it, including but not limited to any of: (i) a regulatory investigation or audit of it or 
its affiliates, partners or agents; (ii) legal proceedings initiated by a competent regulatory authority against it or its affiliates, partners 
or agents; or (iii) a judgment rendered or penalty levied against it or its affiliates, partners or agents, which in each case might 
reasonably involve a reputational risk for Societe Generale or the relevant Issuer; and  
 
(f) it acknowledges that its commitment to respect the obligations above is governed by English law if the applicable Warrants are 
English Law Warrants, or French law if the applicable Warrants are French Law Warrants and agrees that any related dispute is 
brought before the courts of England if the applicable Warrants are English Law Warrants or the courts of Paris (tribunaux de Paris, 
France), if the applicable Warrants are French Law Warrants. 
 
Any General Authorised Offeror who wishes to use the Base Prospectus for a Non-exempt Offer of Warrants in accordance 
with this General Consent and the related conditions is required, during the time of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on 
its website the Acceptance Statement.  
 
3. CONDITIONS TO CONSENT   
 
The consent by the Issuer to the use of the Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt Offer are (in addition to the 
conditions described in paragraph "Type of Consent" above if the clause "Type of Consent" is stated as being "General Consent" in 
the applicable Final Terms) that such consent:  
 
(a) is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
 
(b) only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Warrants in Austria, 
Finland, France, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Spain, Sweden and The Netherlands, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The only Relevant States for which each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has given a consent for the making of Non-exempt Offers 
and which may be so specified in the applicable Final Terms as indicated in the paragraph 3(b) as Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions will 
be Austria, Finland, France, Italy, Luxembourg, Norway, Spain, Sweden and The Netherlands. 
 
4. ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
 
A prospective investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Warrants from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers and sales of 
the Warrants to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place 
between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to price, allocation and settlement arrangements (the Terms and 
Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer). The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor will not be a party to any such arrangements with 
Investors (other than the Dealer) in connection with the offer or sale of the relevant Warrants and, accordingly, the Base Prospectus 
and the applicable Final Terms will not contain such information.  
 
The information relating to the Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer shall be provided to the Investors by the 
Authorised Offeror at the time such Non-exempt Offer is made. None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Dealer 
(except where such Dealer is the relevant Authorised Offeror) has any responsibility or liability to an Investor in respect of 
such information.

--- Page 72 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
72 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 
1. LIST OF THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
 
The following documents, which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and have 
been filed with the CSSF, shall be incorporated by reference into, and form part of, this Base Prospectus.  
 
(a)    The previous Base Prospectuses (including their General Terms and Conditions, Form of Final Terms and their Additional Terms 
and Conditions) means collectively the 24 July 2013 Base Prospectus, the 31 July 2015 Base Prospectus, the 20 July 2016 Base 
Prospectus, the 4 July 2018 Base Prospectus, the 1 July 2019 Base Prospectus, the 29 June 2020 Base Prospectus, the 28 June 
2021 Base Prospectus and the 27 June 2022 Base Prospectus, all as supplemented (the Previous Base Prospectuses). The 
supplements to the Previous Base Prospectuses which are incorporated by reference are listed in section 2.4 below. 
 
(b)   The documents mentioned in section 1.1, 1.2 and 1.3 below 
 
The cross-reference table in relation to the Previous Base Prospectuses appears in paragraph 2.4. To the extent that each of the 
Previous Base Prospectuses incorporates itself documents by reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by 
reference herein. Where the Form of Final Terms that appears in a Previous Base Prospectus is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, the introduction paragraph of such previous Form of Final Terms is no longer valid and the introduction paragraph 
of the Form of Final Terms as set out in this Base Prospectus must be used. 
 
The documents incorporated by reference in paragraph 1.1 below are direct and accurate translations into English of the original 
version of such documents issued in French. Societe Generale as Issuer accepts responsibility for such translations.  
 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the office of Societe Generale, 
the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents, in each case at the address 
given at the end of this Base Prospectus.  
 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein are available on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.luxse.com). 
 
1.1 Documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale  
 
To the extent that each of the documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale incorporates itself documents by 
reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein. Any reference to documents incorporated by 
reference relating to Societe Generale shall be deemed to exclude the parts referred to in (i), (ii) and (iii) in the paragraphs 1.1.1 to 
1.1.3 below.  
 
1.1.1  2022 Universal Registration Document  
 
The expression "2022 Universal Registration Document" means the English version of the Document d’Enregistrement Universel 
2022 of Societe Generale, the French version of which was filed with the AMF on 9 March 2022 under no. D. 22-0080, except for (i) 
the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the universal registration document and 
the annual financial report made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Societe Generale, page 646 and (iii) the cross 
reference tables, pages 648 to 
656. 
 
The cross-reference table in relation to the 2022 Universal Registration Document appears in the paragraph 2.1.1 below. 
 
The 
2022 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Societe 
Generale 
website 
( 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2022-03/Universal-Registration-Document-2022.pdf ).  
 
1.1.2 2023 Universal Registration Document 
 
The expression "2023 Universal Registration Document" means the English version of the Document d’Enregistrement Universel 
2023 of Societe Generale, the French version of which was filed with the AMF on 13 March 2023 under n° D.23-0089, except for (i) 
the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person responsible for the universal registration document and 
the annual financial report made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of Societe Generale, page 674 and (iii) the cross 
reference tables, pages 676 to 683. 
 
The cross-reference table in relation to the 2023 Universal Registration Document appears in the paragraph 2.1.2 below. 
 
The 
2023 
Universal 
Registration 
Document 
is 
available 
on 
the 
Societe 
Generale 
website 
( 
https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2023-03/2023-Universal-Registration-Document_EN.pdf ). 
 
1.1.3  First Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document 
 
The expression "First Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document" means the English version of the Premier 
amendement du Document d’Enregistrement Universel 2023 of Societe Generale, the French version of which was filed with the AMF

--- Page 73 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
73 
on 12 May 2023 under no. D.23-0089-A01,except for (i) the cover page containing the AMF textbox, (ii) the statement of the person 
responsible for the first amendment to the universal registration document made by Mr. Frédéric Oudéa, Chief Executive Officer of 
Societe Generale, page 93 and (iii) the cross reference tables, pages 95 to 97. 
 
The cross-reference table in relation to the First Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document appears in the paragraph 
2.1.3 below. 
 
The First Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document is available on the Societe Generale website 
(https://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/2023-05/Societe-Generale-URD-1st-amendment-12-05-2023.pdf). 
 
1.2 Documents incorporated by reference relating to SG Issuer  
 
To the extent that each of the documents incorporated by reference relating to SG Issuer incorporates itself documents by reference, 
such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein.  
 
1.2.1 2021 Annual Financial Statements   
 
The expression "2021 Annual Financial Statements" means the English version of the audited annual financial statements of SG 
Issuer for the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 prepared in accordance with international financial reporting standards 
(IFRS), the related appendix and notes and the statutory auditor's report for the year. 
 
The 2021 Annual Financial Statements are available on prospectus.socgen.com website 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/issuerdoc_search/2021%20-%20SG%20ISSUER%20Annual%20Financial%20Statements). 
 
The cross-reference table in relation to the 2021 Annual Financial Statements appears in paragraph 2.2.1 below. 
 
1.2.2 2022 Annual Financial Statements   
 
The expression "2022 Annual Financial Statements" means the English version of the audited annual financial statements of SG 
Issuer for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with international financial reporting standards 
(IFRS), the related appendix and notes and the statutory auditor's report for the year. 
 
The 2022 Annual Financial Statements are available on prospectus.socgen.com website 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/issuerdoc_search/SG+Issuer+S.A._FS_31.12.2022). 
 
The cross-reference table in relation to the 2022 Annual Financial Statements appears in paragraph 2.2.2 below. 
 
1.3 Documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale Effekten GmbH  
 
To the extent that each of the documents incorporated by reference relating to Societe Generale Effekten GmbH incorporates itself 
documents by reference, such documents shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein.  
 
1.3.1 2021 Group Management Report  Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
 
The expression "2021 Group Management Report Societe Generale Effekten GmbH" means the English language version of the 
audited consolidated financial statements of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH for the financial year from 1 January 2021 to 31 
December 2021 prepared in accordance with international financial reporting standards (IFRS), the related appendix and notes and 
the statutory auditor's report for the year. 
 
The cross-reference table in relation to the 2021 Group Management Report  Societe Generale Effekten GmbH appears in paragraph 
2.3.1 below. 
 
The 2021 Group Management Report Societe Generale Effekten GmbH are available on prospectus.socgen.com website ( 
https://www.sg-zertifikate.de/SiteContent/1/1/2/103/091/Group_ Management_Report.pdf ). 
 
1.3.2 2022 Group Management Report Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
 
The expression "2022 Group Management Report Societe Generale Effekten GmbH" means the English language version of the 
audited consolidated financial statements of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH for the financial year from 1 January 2022 to 31 
December 2022 prepared in accordance with international financial reporting standards (IFRS), the related appendix and notes and 
the statutory auditor's report for the year. 
 
The cross-reference table in relation to the 2022 Group Management Report Societe Generale Effekten GmbH appears in paragraph 
2.3.2 below. 
 
The 2022 Group Management Report Societe Generale Effekten GmbH are available on prospectus.socgen.com website 
(https://www.sg-
zertifikate.de/SiteContent/1/1/2/113/129/Group_Management_Report_and_Consolidated_Financial_Statements_for_the_financial_y
ear_from_January_1_to_December_31_2022.pdf). 
 
2. CROSS REFERENCE TABLES OF THE DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

--- Page 74 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
74 
 
The parts of the documents incorporated by reference which are not specified in the cross-reference tables below are not incorporated 
by reference as they are either not relevant for an investor or are covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
References to pages appearing in each of the cross-reference tables are to those of each document incorporated by reference.  
 
2.1 Cross-reference tables relating to Societe Generale 
 
2.1.1 2022 Universal Registration Document 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 
2022 Universal Registration 
Document 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL 
POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES OF THE ISSUER 
 
Historical financial information 
10 ; 30-51 ; 146 ; 349-615 
 
Financial statements 
350-615 
Consolidated Balance sheet 
350-351 
Consolidated income statement 
552 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the consolidated financial statements 
357-537 
Cash flow statement 
355 
Changes in shareholders’ equity 
354 
Parent Company Balance sheet 
551-552 
Parent Company income statement 
552 
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the annual financial statements 
553-608 
Auditing of the historical annual financial information 
538-543 ; 609-615  
 
2.1.2 2023 Universal Registration Document  
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980  
2023 Universal Registration Document  
RISK FACTORS  
163-174  
Risks related to the macroeconomic, geopolitical, market and regulatory environments  
163-167  
Credit and counterparty risks  
168-169  
Market and structural risks  
169-170  
Extra-financial risks (including operational risks) and model risks 
171-174 
Liquidity and funding risks  
171  
Risks related to insurance activities  
174  
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER  
   
History   
7  
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer  
643  
Place of registration, registration number and legal entity identifier (LEI) of the Issuer  
643  
Date of incorporation and the length of life of the Issuer  
643  
Domicile and legal form of the Issuer, applicable legislation, country of incorporation, 
address and telephone number of its registered office and website  
643

--- Page 75 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
75 
   
BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
   
Principal activities  
18-26 ; 54-58  
Principal markets  
8-17 ; 18-26 ; 28-29 ; 67-68 ; 506-507  
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
   
Summary description of the Group and the Issuer's position within it  
8-10 ; 28-29  
TREND INFORMATION  
16-17 ; 65-66 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES AND SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT  
   
Board of Directors and senior management  
70-111  
Administrative bodies and senior management's conflicts of interest  
158  
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
   
Control of the Issuer  
639-640 ; 642  
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES OF THE ISSUER  
   
Historical financial information  
10 ; 30-45 ; 162 ; 374-634  
Consolidated Balance sheet  
374-375  
Consolidated income statement  
376  
Changes in shareholders’ equity  
378  
Cash flow statement  
379  
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the consolidated financial statements  
381  
Financial statements  
374-379 
Parent Company Balance sheet  
571-572 
Parent Company income statement  
572  
Accounting policies and explanatory notes on the annual financial statements  
557-575 
Auditing of the historical annual financial information  
 557-563 ; 628-634  
Legal and arbitration proceedings  
270 ; 624-627  
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
65  
 
 
2.1.3 First Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document 
 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 
First Amendment to the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
 
Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
1 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
Principal activities 
6-29 
Principal markets 
6-29 
Important events in the development of the business 
6-9 
Strategy and objectives 
3-5 
TREND INFORMATION 
 
Most significant recent trends in production, sales and inventory, and costs 
and selling prices since the end of the last financial year. Any significant 
change in the financial performance of the Group or provide an appropriate 
negative statement. 
31 
Trends, uncertainties, demands, commitments or events that are 
reasonably likelmy to have a material effect on the issuer's prospects for 
at least the current financial year 
3-5 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

--- Page 76 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
76 
Board of Directors and senior management 
34-36 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES OF THE ISSUER 
 
Historical financial information 
6-29 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
41-44 
 
2.2 Cross-reference tables relating to SG Issuer 
 
2.2.1 2021 Annual Financial Statements 
 
Statement of comprehensive income 
18 
Statement of financial position 
17 
Statement of changes in equity 
19 
Statement of cash-flows 
20 
Notes to the financial statements (including accounting principles) 
21-55 
Report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises agréé 
12-16 
 
2.2.2 2022 Annual Financial Statements   
 
Statement of comprehensive income 
18 
Statement of financial position 
17 
Statement of changes in equity 
19 
Statement of cash flows 
20 
Notes to the financial statements (including accounting principles) 
21-58 
Report of the Réviseur d’Entreprises agréé 
12-16 
 
2.3     Cross-reference tables relating to Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
 
2.3.1   2021  Group Management Report Societe Generale Effekten GmbH  
 
 
Pages numbers refer to the page 
numbers 
of the pdf document 
Consolidated income statement  
33 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
34 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
34-36 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
37 
Consolidated statement of cash-flows 
38-39 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
40-124 
Auditor's report by the independent auditor 
126-133 
 
2.3.2   2022  Group Management Report Societe Generale Effekten GmbH

--- Page 77 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
77 
 
Pages numbers refer to the page 
numbers 
of the pdf document 
Consolidated income statement  
5 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
6 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
7-8 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
9 
Consolidated statement of cashflows 
10 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements  
12 
Auditor's report by the independent auditor 
123-129 
 
2.4    Cross-reference tables relating to Previous Base Prospectuses  
 
The hyperlinks to the Previous Base Prospectus and to the supplements to the Previous Base Prospectuses appear in blue in the 
tables below.  
 
Previous Base Prospectuses 
Section 
Pages 
24 July 2013 Base Prospectus 
24 July 2013 Base Prospectus  
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Base%20Pro
spectus%20dated%202013.07.24) 
Terms and conditions 
 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
141-194 
 
195-728 
Supplement dated 20 August 2013 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202013_01%20dated%2020.08.20
13) 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
5-6 
Supplement dated 16 October 
2013 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202013_03%20dated%2016.10.20
13) 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
2 
Supplement dated 12 November 
2013 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202013_04%20dated%2012.11.20
13) 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
2-4 
Supplement dated 3 December 
2013 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202013_05%20dated%2003.12.20
13) 
Terms and conditions 
 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
6-7 
 
8-11 
Supplement dated 3 march 2014 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202013_06%20dated%2003.03.20
14) 
Terms and conditions 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
5-7 
7-20 
31 July 2015 Base Prospectus 
31 July 2015 Base Prospectus 
Terms and conditions 
 
224-284

--- Page 78 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
78 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_%20Base%20
Prospectus%20dated%202015.07.
31) 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
285-1033 
Supplement dated 21 September 
2015 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202015_01%20dated%2021.09.20
15) 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
4-5 
Supplement dated 27 October 
2015 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202015_02%20dated%2027.10.20
15) 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
6-7 
Supplement dated 4 December 
2015 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202015_03%20dated%2004.12.20
15) 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
5 
 
 
5-6 
Supplement dated 14 January 
2016 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202015_04%20dated%2014.01.20
16) 
Form of Final Terms 
2 
Supplement dated 20 April 2016  
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202015_06%20dated%2020.04.20
16) 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
8-9 
20 July 2016 Base Prospectus 
20 July 2016 Base Prospectus 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Base%20Pro
spectus%20dated%2020.07.2016) 
Terms and conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
 
Terms and conditions of the 
French Law Warrants 
 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
215-279 
 
 
280-327 
 
 
328-1089 
Supplement dated 30 August 2016 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202016_02%20dated%2030.08.20
16) 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
 
Form of Final Terms 
4-5 
 
 
4 
Supplement dated 21 October 
2016 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement 
2016_03 dated 21 10 2016) 
Form of Final Terms 
5-6 
Supplement dated 9 December 
2016 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202016_05%20dated%2009.12.20
16) 
Additional terms and 
conditions 
3-5

--- Page 79 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
79 
Supplement dated 30 December 
2016 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/pr
ogram_search/WIP_Supplement%
202016_06%20dated%2030.12.20
16) 
Form of Final Terms 
4 
4 July 2018 Base Prospectus 
4 July 2018 Base Prospectus 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/WIP_Base%20
Prospectus%20dated%2004.07.
2018) 
Form of Final Terms 
 
Terms and Conditions 
 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions 
173-218 
 
219-329 
 
330-872 
 
Supplement dated 7 December 
2018 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/WIP_Suppleme
nt%202018_03%20dated%2007
.12.2018) 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured 
Warrants and Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Share Linked 
Warrants and Depositary 
Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Commodity 
Linked Warrants 
15-16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16-17 
Supplement dated 8 March 2019 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/WIP_Suppleme
nt%202018_05%20dated%2008
.03.2019) 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Commodity 
Linked Warrants 
 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Warrants 
4-5 
 
 
 
5 
1 July 2019 Base Prospectus 
1 July 2019 Base Prospectus 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/WIP_01.07.201
9-FINAL%20version%20-
approved%20by%20CSSF) 
Form of Final Terms 
 
Terms and conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
 
Terms and conditions of the 
French Law Warrants 
 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions 
173-220 
 
221-284 
 
 
285-331 
 
 
332-861 
Supplement dated 20 
September 2019 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/Supplt%2020%
20September%202019-
visa%20CSSF) 
General Terms and Conditions 
 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Linked 
Warrants 
 
Additional terms and Conditions 
for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
11 
 
 
 
11-13 
 
 
13-14

--- Page 80 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
80 
Supplement dated 27 January 
2020 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/Supplt%2027%
20January%202020-
visa%20CSSF) 
Form of Final Terms 
 
Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Warrants 
 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Secured 
Warrants 
 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants 
15-16 
 
16-19 
 
 
19-21 
 
 
21-22 
 
 
 
22 
 
 
22-24 
Supplement dated 23 April 2020 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/Supplt%2023%
20April%202020-visa%20CSSF) 
Description of Societe Generale 
Indices (“SGI Indices”) 
15-28 
29 June 2020  Base Prospectus 
29 June 2020  Base Prospectus 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/WIP%2029.06.
2020-FINAL%20version-
approved%20by%20CSSF) 
Form of Final Terms 
 
Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Warrants 
 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
96-149 
 
150-215 
 
 
216-264 
 
 
265-758 
Supplement dated 2 September 
2020 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/Supplement_W
IP%202020_N%C2%B01_02.09
.2020) 
Form of Final Terms 
 
Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Warrants 
 
Terms and Conditions of the 
French Law Warrants 
8 
 
8 
 
 
8-9

--- Page 81 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
81 
Supplement dated 24 November 
2020 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/Supplement_W
IP%202020_N%C2%B02_24.11
.2020) 
Description of Societe Generale 
Indices (“SGI Indices”) 
4 
Supplement dated 6 April 2021 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/Supplement%2
03_Warrants%20Issuance%20P
rogramme%202020_06.04.2021
) 
Description of Societe Generale 
Indices (“SGI Indices”) 
 
4 
28 June 2021  Base Prospectus 
28 June 2021  Base Prospectus 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/SG-SGIS-
SGE_Warrants%20Issuance%2
0Programme_28.06.2021) 
Form of Final Terms 
 
General Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Warrants 
 
General Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Warrants 
 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
Description of Societe Generale 
Indices (“SGI Indices”) 
95 – 150 
 
151 – 208 
 
 
 
209 – 251 
 
 
 
358 – 495 
 
 
 
773  
Supplement dated 29 April 2022 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/Supplement%2
01_Warrants%20Issuance%20P
rogramme%202021_29.04.2022
) 
Description of Societe Generale 
Indices (“SGI Indices”) 
 
Form of Final Terms 
2 
 
 
 
9 
27 June 2022 Base Prospectus  
Base Prospectus dated 27 June 
2022 
(https://prospectus.socgen.com/
program_search/SG-SGIS-
SGE_Warrants%20Issuance%2
0Programme_27.06.2022) 
Form of Final Terms 
 
General Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Warrants 
 
General Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Warrants 
 
83 - 129 
 
130 - 173 
 
 
174 - 207 
 
 
300 - 412

--- Page 82 ---
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 
82 
Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae 
 
Description of Societe Generale 
Indices (“SGI Indices”) 
 
657

--- Page 83 ---
Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus 
 
83 
 
FINAL TERMS OR DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUS 
 
In this section the expression necessary information means, in relation to any Tranche of Warrants, the information necessary to 
enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
the Issuers and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Warrants. In relation to the different types of Warrants which may be 
issued under the Programme, the Issuers and the Guarantor have endeavoured to include in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary 
information except for information relating to the Warrants which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only 
be determined at the time of an individual issuance of a Tranche of Warrants.   
 
Any information relating to the Warrants which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order to complete the 
necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Warrants will therefore be contained either in the applicable Final Terms or in a 
Drawdown Prospectus. Such information will be contained in the applicable Final Terms unless any of such information constitutes a 
significant new factor relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus in which case such information, together with all 
of the other necessary information in relation to the relevant Issue of Warrants, will be contained in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
 
For a Tranche of Warrants which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, complete 
the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Warrants which is the subject of Final Terms are the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants as 
completed to the extent described in the applicable Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Warrants which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Terms and 
Conditions as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus.  
 
In the case of a Tranche of Warrants which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to 
information being specified or identified in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information 
being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.  
 
An Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, may agree with any Dealer that Warrants may be issued, offered to the public, and/or 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants described in this 
Base Prospectus, in which event a Drawdown Prospectus will be submitted for approval to the relevant competent authority and will 
be made available. 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Warrants which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. In accordance with Article 6(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, the Drawdown Prospectus will be drawn up as a single 
document, incorporating by reference, if applicable, the relevant parts of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 84 ---
Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
84 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
If at any time the Issuers shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuers will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Warrants to be listed and admitted to trading on a Regulated Market shall 
constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and shall supply each Dealer 
with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
 
Each Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant 
new factor, material mistake, material inaccuracy or omission relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of any Warrants and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary, for 
the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses 
and prospects of the Issuers, the Group and the rights attaching to the Warrants, the Issuers shall prepare a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Warrants, and shall 
supply each Dealer with such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request. 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, the Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Warrants, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus (a Supplement) in accordance with Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Warrants. Such Supplement 
as prepared will have to be approved by the CSSF. Statements contained in any such Supplement (or contained in any document 
incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify 
or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
In the case of Warrants subject to a Non-exempt Offer to the public, in accordance with Article 23(2) bis of the Prospectus Regulation, 
investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Warrants before any Supplement is published have the right, 
exercisable within two working days after the publication of this Supplement, to withdraw their acceptances.

--- Page 85 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
85 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Warrants issued under the Programme where:  
 
[To be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 1 "all bonds to all professionals" target market approach:  
 
MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Warrants is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
 
[The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Warrants are not subject to  UK MiFIR and therefore there are 
no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II 
product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included:  
 
 UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Warrants is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Warrants (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
 
OR  
 
[To be included on front of the Final Terms if following the ICMA 2 approach:  
MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Warrants is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; EITHER 2  [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 3  [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate [and (iii) the determination of the appropriate channels for distribution 
of the Warrants to retail clients has been made and is available on the website http://regulatory.sgmarkets.com/#/mifid2/emt ] [, subject 
to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, 
as applicable]4.]]  
 
[The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Warrants are not subject to  UK MiFIR and therefore there are 
no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II 
product governance legend or the  UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included:  
 
UK MIFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market – Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Warrants has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Warrants is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER 5  [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Warrants 
are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR 6 [(ii) all 
 
2 1.Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex.  
3  Include for certain ESMA complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. 
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Warrants constitute "complex" products, 
pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness.  
4 If the Securities constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.  
5  Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS.   
6   Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, 
if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the

--- Page 86 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
86 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate [and (iii) the determination of the appropriate 
channels for distribution of the Warrants to retail clients has been made and is available on the website 
http://regulatory.sgmarkets.com/#/mifid2/emt ] [, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, 
as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Warrants (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Warrants (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]7.]8]  
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Dated [●] 
 
[The following language applies if the Warrants are distributed in Switzerland:  
The Warrants described in these Final Terms do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme within the 
meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (CISA). Therefore, the Warrants are not subject to 
authorisation and supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA), and investors in the 
Warrants will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by FINMA. Investors in the Warrants will bear a 
credit risk on [the Issuer of the Warrants] [the Guarantor].  
 
[Legend to be included if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared 
or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be 
specified to be "Applicable": PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended or superseded, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the EU PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
[Legend to be included if the Warrants potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document will be prepared 
or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified 
to be "Applicable": PROHIBITION OF SALES TO  UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Warrants are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of  UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of  UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Warrants or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the  UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or  amended from 
time to time (the SFA) – In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Warrants and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as 
defined in Section 309(A)(1) of the SFA), that the Warrants are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)]9 
 
          [SOCIETE GENERALE][SG ISSUER] [SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH]10 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41/ 549300QNMDBVTHX8H127/ 529900W18LQJJN6SJ336]  
 
         Issue of [up to][Aggregate number of Warrants] [Title of Warrants]  
 
Securities constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness.    
7  If the Securities constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the 
determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.     
8  Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not approved by the FCA, an 
approval of this document or a drawdown prospectus approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail investors 
on a non-exempt basis.     
9  To be included if Warrants are offered in Singapore and the classification differs from that specified on the cover page of this Base 
Prospectus     
10  Delete as applicable.

--- Page 87 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
87 
           [Unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Societe Generale]  
      under the  
 Warrants Issuance Programme  
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth under the heading 
["General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants"] ["General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants"] in the 
base prospectus dated 26 June 2023 [and to which the Warrants shall be subject] [(which constitutes a Base Prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129) (the Prospectus Regulation)]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of [the] 
[each Issue of] Warrants described herein [for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to such Base Prospectus [dated [⚫]] [and any [other] supplement] 
published prior to the Issue Date (as defined below) (Supplement(s))]; provided, however, that to the extent such Supplement (i) is 
published after these Final Terms have been signed or issued and (ii) provides for any change to the Terms and Conditions as set 
out under the heading ["General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants"] ["General Terms and Conditions of the French 
Law Warrants"], such change(s) shall have no effect with respect to the terms and conditions of the Warrants to which these Final 
Terms relate. Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the Warrants is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s). Prior to acquiring an interest in the Warrants 
described herein, prospective investors should read and understand the information provided in these Final Terms, the Base 
Prospectus and any Supplement(s) and be aware of the restrictions applicable to the offer and sale of such Warrants in the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons that are not Permitted Transferees.  
 
[A summary of the Warrants is annexed to these Final Terms 11]. Copies of the Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and these Final 
Terms are available for inspection from the head office of the Issuer[, the Guarantor], the specified offices of the Paying Agents and, 
[in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange,] [on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
in France] [on the website of the Issuers (http://www.sgbourse.fr)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
in Sweden or Norway] [on the website of the Issuers (https://prospectus.socgen.com/)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market in Finland] [on the website of the Issuers (https://prospectus.socgen.com/)] [in the case of Warrants admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market in Spain] [on the website of the Issuers (http://www.bolsa.societegenerale.es)] [in the case of 
Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Italy] on the website of the Issuers (https://www.prodotti.societegenerale.it)] 
[in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the Netherlands] [on the website of the Issuers 
(http://www.beurs.societegenerale.nl)].  
 
[If the Warrants are governed by English Law. Any reference in these Final Terms to “General Terms and Conditions” is deemed to 
be a reference to "General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants”.] [If the Warrants are governed by French Law. Any 
reference in these Final Terms to “General Terms and Conditions” is deemed to be a reference to "General Terms and Conditions 
of the French Law Warrants”.].  
 
[The following alternative language applies if the first Tranche of Warrants which is being increased was issued under a prospectus 
with an earlier date which was incorporated by reference in this prospectus:  
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions set forth under the heading 
["General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants"] ["General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants"][27 
June 2022][28 June 2021][29 June 2020][1 July 2019][4 July 2018][20 July 2016][31 July 2015][24 July 2013] [as supplemented by 
[for base prospectus dated 28 June 2021: the supplement dated 29 April 2022] [for base prospectus dated 29 June 2020: the 
supplement dated 2 September 2020 and the supplement dated 24 November 2020] [for base prospectus dated 1 July 2019: the 
supplement dated 20 September 2019, the supplement dated 27 January 2020 and the supplement dated 23 April 2020] [for base 
prospectus dated 4 July 2018: the supplement dated 7 December 2018 and the supplement dated 8 March 2019] [for base prospectus 
dated 20 July 2016: the supplement dated 30 August 2016, the supplement dated 21 October 2016, the supplement dated 9 December 
2016, and the supplement dated 30 December 2016] [for base prospectus dated 31 July 2015: the supplements dated 21 September 
2015, 27 October 2015, 4 December 2015, 14 January 2016 and 20 April 2016] [for base prospectus dated 24 July 2013: the 
supplements dated 20 August 2013, 16 October 2013, 12 November 2013, 3 December 2013 and 3 March 2014] ] which are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2023 and to which the Warrants shall be subject] [(which constitutes 
a Base Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, as amended) (the Prospectus Regulation)]. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of [the] [each Issue of] Warrants described herein [for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [and [any][each] supplement thereto and any other 
supplement published prior to the Issue Date (as defined below) (Supplement(s))]; provided, however, that to the extent such 
Supplement (i) is published after these Final Terms have been signed or issued and (ii) provides for any change to the Terms and 
Conditions as set out under the heading ["General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants, as amended "] ["General 
Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants, as amended "], such change(s) shall have no effect with respect to the terms and 
conditions of the Warrants to which these Final Terms relate. Full information on the Issuer[, the Guarantor] and the offer of the 
Warrants is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s). Prior 
to acquiring an interest in the Warrants described herein, prospective investors should read and understand the information provided 
in these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any Supplement(s) and be aware of the restrictions applicable to the offer and sale of 
such Warrants in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons that are not Permitted Transferees.  
 
[A summary of the Warrants is annexed to these Final Terms]. Copies of the Base Prospectus, any Supplement(s) and these Final 
Terms are available for inspection from the head office of the Issuer[, the Guarantor], the specified offices of the Paying Agents and, 
 
11  Delete in the case of exempt Warrants.

--- Page 88 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
88 
[in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on the Regulated Market or on the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange,] [on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
in France] [on the website of the Issuers (http://www.sgbourse.fr)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
in Ireland] [on the website of the Issuers (http://www.sglistedproducts.co.uk)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market in Sweden or Norway] [on the website of the Issuers (http://www.warrants.societegenerale.se)] [in the case of 
Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Finland] [on the website of the Issuers (http://www.warrants.societegenerale.fi)] 
[in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Spain] [on the website of the Issuers 
(http://www.bolsa.societegenerale.es)] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in Italy] on the website of 
the Issuers (https://www.prodotti.societegenerale.it )] [in the case of Warrants admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in the 
Netherlands] [on the website of the Issuers (http://www.beurs.societegenerale.nl)].  
 
[In the case of public offer continuing after the validity of the Base Prospectus: The Base Prospectus is valid until 26 June 2024. 
The succeeding base prospectus will be available on http://prospectus.socgen.com.]  
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Distinguish, where necessary, between Warrants of different 
Issues. Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms. If "Not applicable" is specified in respect of a paragraph, the 
remaining sub-paragraph(s) shall be deleted.]  
 
[When completing final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitutes "significant new 
factors" and consequently triggers the need for a Supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.]  
 
[Any reference in the applicable Final Terms to any date expressed under the form « DD/MM/YYYY » shall be deemed to be a 
reference to any date expressed under the form "Day/Month/Year"]  
 
[If several Issues of Warrants are to be issued or offered simultaneously in one set of Final Terms, the separate paragraphs of the 
Final Terms will contain within them all relevant information required by such paragraphs in relation to each separate Issue of 
Warrants]  
 
 
1. 
 
Date on which the Warrants become 
fungible: 
[Not applicable] [The Warrants shall be assimilated and form 
a single issue with the [insert title of the Warrants related to 
the previous Issue] on [insert date] [the Issue Date] [issue date 
plus forty days]] 
2. 
[(i)] 
Settlement Currency: 
[Insert the currency of the Warrants] [ If Euro, delete the 
following sub-paragraph] 
 
[[(ii)]    Currency conversion in accordance with 
Condition 1 of the General Terms and 
Conditions: 
[Applicable] / [Not applicable]]  
3. 
 
Number of Warrants: 
[up to][Total number] [divided into: [specify number of 
Warrants]] 
4. 
 
Issue Price: 
[ Insert the currency and the amount] per Warrant 
5.  
 
Notional Amount per Warrant: 
[Specify amount] [which shall also be the Nominal Amount, 
subject to the provisions of Conditions 1 and 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
[Include for Single Name Warrants or First-to-Default 
Warrants] [Not applicable]  
6. 
 
Issue Date: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
 
[Specify the date] 
7. 
 
[Expiration Date ([Fixed Scheduled 
Exercise][European] Style Warrants)]/ 
[Exercise Period (American Style 
Warrants)]: 
 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
 
[The Warrants are Open-ended Warrants. Condition 6.6 of 
the General Terms and Conditions applies.]  
 
[Specify date for the purposes of Condition 3.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions]  
 
[For Credit Linked Warrants: [Insert the date] (such date being 
the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), subject to the provisions 
of paragraph "Credit Linked Warrants Provisions" below and

--- Page 89 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
89 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants.] 
 
[For Bond Linked Warrants: [Specify date] (such date being 
the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), subject to paragraph 
"Bond Linked Warrants Provisions" below and the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.] 
 
[In respect of Fund Linked Warrants: [Specify date], 
subject to postponement upon the occurrence of a Maturity 
Disruption Event, as provided in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked 
Warrants.] 
 
[Where required for the purposes of the definition of 
"Determination Period" in Condition 5.3 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae: [Insert the date] 
(such date being the "Scheduled Expiration Date").]  
8. 
(i)  
 
 
 
 
(ii)     
Settlement Date: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]  
 
 
 
Scheduled Settlement Date [applicable in 
respect of Physical Delivery Warrants 
only]: 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]  
[As set out in Condition 6 of the General Terms and 
Conditions][Specify date for the purposes of Condition 6 of 
the General Terms and Conditions][The Warrants are Open-
ended Warrants]  
 
[As per Condition 6.2of the General Terms and 
Conditions][Specify date for the purposes of Condition 6.2 of 
the General Terms and Conditions][Not applicable]  
9. 
 
Governing law: 
[English] [French] law.  
10. 
(i) 
Status of Warrants: 
[Unsecured] [In case of Secured Warrants Issued by SG 
Issuer only: Secured. See paragraph "Secured Warrant 
Provisions" below.] 
 
(ii) 
Type of Warrants: 
[American] / [Fixed Scheduled Exercise] [European] 
 
(European Style Warrants are also known as Fixed Scheduled 
Exercise Style Warrants. Where the Warrants selected are 
Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants, any references in 
the Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms to 
"European Style Warrants" is deemed to be a reference to 
Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants.)  
 
The Warrants are [Call]/[Put] Warrants 
 
[The Warrants are [Long][Short] Warrants]. 
 
[The Warrants are][Fixed Leverage Warrants] [Formula-
Linked Warrants][Turbo Warrants]. 
 
(iii)  
Type of Structured Warrants: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Share Linked Warrants] [Index Linked Warrants] [SGI Index 
Linked Warrants] [Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants] 
[Non-Equity Security Linked Warrants] [ETF Linked Warrants] 
[ETP Linked Warrants] [Reference Rate Linked Warrants]  
[Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants] [Commodity Linked 
Warrants] [Fund Linked Warrants] [Credit Linked Warrants] 
[Inflation Linked Warrants] [Bond Linked Warrants] [Future 
Linked Warrants] [Portfolio Linked Warrants] [Dividend Linked 
Warrants]. 
 
[The provisions of the following Additional Terms and 
Conditions apply: 
 
 
 
 
[Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae]

--- Page 90 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
90 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants 
and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms 
and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants] [Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate 
Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Commodity 
Linked 
Warrants] 
[Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms 
and Conditions for ETF Linked Warrants and ETP Linked 
Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions for Non-Equity 
Security Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Future Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Portfolio Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants]. 
 
(iv) 
Reference of the Product: 
[Not applicable] 
 
[[Insert the Reference of the Product from the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae [with Option [Insert 
the reference of the Option] applicable] or the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants], as described in the [Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae][Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants]]  
 
[If one or more than one Add-on is/are applicable for a 
particular Product: 
 
[With Add-on relating to Early Settlement Price applicable as 
per Condition [1.3.1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants] [1.4.1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae]: the 
[[Early Settlement Price] [Final Settlement Price ] of the 
Product [Insert the Reference of the Product from the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae]] 
[Option [Insert the reference of the Option] as described in 
Condition 4] is applicable] [With Add-on relating to Credit 
Linked or Bond Linked Products applicable as per Condition 
1.4.3 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae] [With Add-on relating to Global Factors applicable 
as per Condition [1.3.2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants] [1.4.5 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae]] [with 
Option [Insert the reference of the Option] applicable] [With 
Add-on relating to Foreign Exchange Rates applicable as per 
Condition 1.4.6 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae] [With Add-on relating to Capitalisation 
Rate applicable as per Condition [1.3.3 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants] [1.4.7 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae]] [With Add-on relating to hedging fees 
applicable to a Product Formula applicable as per Condition 
1.4.8 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae.] [With Add-on relating to Optional Early Settlement 
Amount applicable as per Condition 1.4.9 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae: the [Final 
Settlement Price of the Product [Insert the Reference of the 
Product from the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae]] [Option [Insert the reference of the Option] as 
described in Condition 4] is applicable] 
 
[With Add-on relating to Variable Data applicable as per 
Condition 1.4.10 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae.] 
 
[With Add-on relating to Automatic Settlement Price applicable 
pursuant to Condition 1.4.1 of the Additional Terms and

--- Page 91 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
91 
Conditions relating to Formulae: the "Automatic Settlement 
Price" is modified as "Not Applicable"] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SETTLEMENT 
 
11. 
 
Type of Settlement: 
[The Warrants are] [Cash Settled Warrants][Physical Delivery 
Warrants]  
12. 
 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
[As set out in Condition 6.1of the General Terms and 
Conditions][Not applicable] 
13. 
 
Conversion Rate: 
[Not applicable] [Specify applicable rate for the purposes of 
Condition 6 of the General Terms and Conditions] 
14. 
 
Substitute Conversion Rate: 
[Not applicable] [As set out in Condition 6.1 of the General 
Terms and Conditions] [Specify applicable rate for the 
purposes of Condition 6 of the General Terms and Conditions] 
15. 
 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of 
the Issuer: 
[Not applicable][Applicable as per Condition 6.4.1.1of the 
General Terms and Conditions]  
 
[If applicable in respect of Credit Linked Warrants or Bond 
Linked Warrants: Subject to the provision of notice in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (v), the Warrants shall be 
subject to early expiration in whole, but not in part, at the 
option of the Issuer on [any Business Day] [specify] [from but 
excluding the Issue Date to but excluding the Expiration 
Date.]]  
[If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Early Settlement Amount: 
 
[Not applicable][Determined in accordance with [Option 
1][Option 2][Option 3][Option 4] of Condition 6.4.1.4of the 
General Terms and Conditions][Specify amount]  
 
(ii) 
Optional Early Settlement Price:  
 
[Not applicable][Determined in accordance with [Option 
1][Option 2][Option 3][Option 4] of Condition 6.4.1.4] of the 
General Terms and Conditions] [Specify price] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Early Settlement Valuation Date(s): 
 
(DD/MM/YYYY) 
[Specify date(s) for the purposes of Condition 6.4.1.4 of the 
General Terms and Conditions]  
 
(iv) 
Optional Early Expiration Date(s): 
 
(DD/MM/YYYY) 
[Specify date(s) for the purposes of Condition 6.4 of the 
General Terms and Conditions]  
 
(v) 
Optional Early Settlement Date(s): 
 
(DD/MM/YYYY) 
[Specify date(s) for the purposes of Condition 6.4 of the 
General Terms and Conditions]  
 
(vi) 
Notice Period: 
[Specify period for the purposes of Condition 6.4.1.5.1 of the 
General Terms and Conditions] 
 
[If applicable in respect of Credit Linked Warrants or Bond 
Linked Warrants: The Issuer shall give not less than [Insert the 
number of days] Business Days' (as defined in Condition 2 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants) notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions] (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
expiration), provided however that any such notice shall be 
deemed to be void and of no effect, if a Credit Event Notice 
has been or is, delivered to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with the Conditions at any time on or prior to 5.00 p.m. (Paris 
time) on the fourth Business Day preceding the date fixed for 
expiration in accordance with this paragraph 15.]

--- Page 92 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
92 
[and any such notice of expiration at the option of the Issuer, 
along with the Optional Early Settlement Amount[(i) (i from [] 
to [])], shall be deemed to prevail in the following case[s]: 
 
[(a)] a [Credit] [Bond] Event Notice has been delivered prior to, 
or is delivered to the Warrantholders on the same day as, or 
after, any such notice of expiration at the option of the Issuer 
[;] [.] 
 
[(b) a [Potential Failure to Pay] [and a] [Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium] [has] [have] already occurred and 
[is] [are] continuing at the relevant Optional Early Expiration 
Date[(i)] [;] [.]] 
 
[If applicable in respect of Credit Linked Warrants: [(b)] [(c)] a 
Notice of Pending Credit Event was delivered less than 100 
Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Early Expiration 
Date[(i)] and, immediately prior to such Optional Early 
Expiration Date[(i)], (x) no DC No Credit Event Announcement 
has been published and (y) no Credit Event Notice in relation 
to the pending event has been delivered.]]]] 
 
[NB: Optional Early Expiration in part as per Condition 5.4 of the General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants or 
the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants, as the case may be. ] 
 
(vii) 
Optional Early Expiration in Part: 
 
[Not applicable][Applicable] 
[If Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
- 
Minimum Number of Warrants subject to 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of 
the Issuer 
[Not applicable][Specify applicable number of Warrants] 
 
- 
Maximum Number of Warrants subject to 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of 
the Issuer 
[Not applicable][Specify applicable number of Warrants] 
16. 
 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of 
the Warrantholder: 
[Not applicable][Applicable as per Condition 6.4.1.3 of the 
General Terms and Conditions][Not applicable] 
[If  Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Optional Early Settlement Amount: 
 
[Not applicable][Determined in accordance with [Option 
1][Option 2][Option 3][Option 4] of Condition 6.4.1.4 of the 
General Terms and Conditions][Specify amount] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Early Settlement Price:  
 
[Not applicable][Determined in accordance with [Option 
1][Option 2][Option 3][Option 4] and 6.4.1.4 of the General 
Terms and Conditions][Specify price] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Early Settlement Valuation Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]  
 
[Specify date(s) for the purposes of Condition 6.4.1.4 of the 
General Terms and Conditions] 
 
(iv) 
Optional Early Expiration Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]  
 
[Specify date(s) for the purposes of Condition 6.4.1.4 of the 
General Terms and Conditions] 
 
(v) 
Notice Period: 
[Specify period for the purposes of Condition 6.4.1.5.2    of the 
General Terms and Conditions] 
[NB: Optional Early Expiration in part as per Condition 6.4.1.3of the General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
or the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants, as the case may be. ]  
 
(vi) 
Optional Early Expiration in Part: 
 
[Applicable] / [Not applicable]  
 
[If Not applicable, please delete the following sub-paragraphs]

--- Page 93 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
93 
 
- 
Minimum Number of Warrants subject to 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of 
the Warrantholder: 
[Not applicable][Specify applicable number of Warrants] 
 
- 
Maximum Number of Warrants subject to 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of 
the Warrantholder: 
 
[Not applicable][Specify applicable number of Warrants ] 
17. 
 
Event-linked Early Expiration: 
[Applicable in accordance with Condition 6.4.2of the General 
Terms and Conditions][Not applicable] 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount(s):  
[Specify applicable Event-linked Early Settlement Amount for 
the purposes of Condition 6.4.2of the General Terms and 
Conditions based on the applicable Product.] 
 
(ii) 
Event-linked Early Settlement Price: 
[Specify applicable Event-linked Early Settlement Price for the 
purposes of Condition 6.4.2of the General Terms and 
Conditions based on the applicable Product.] 
 
(iii) 
Event-linked Early Expiration Period: 
[Not 
applicable][Specify 
applicable 
Event-linked 
Early 
Expiration Period for the purposes of Condition 6.4.2of the 
General Terms and Conditions] 
 
(iv) 
Event-linked Early Expiration Date(s): 
[Not 
applicable][Specify 
applicable 
Event-linked 
Early 
Expiration Date for the purposes of Condition 6.4.2of the 
General Terms and Conditions.] 
 
[For Credit Linked Warrants: [Specify date] (such date being 
the Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date), subject to 
paragraph "Credit Linked Warrants Provisions" below and the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants.] 
 
(v) 
Event-linked Early Settlement Date(s): 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)]  
[Specify applicable Event-linked Early Settlement Date for the 
purposes of Condition 6.4.2 of the General Terms and 
Conditions] 
 
(vi) 
Early Expiration Event: 
[Specify applicable Early Expiration Event(s) for the purposes 
of Condition 6.4.2of the General Terms and Conditions based 
on the applicable Product.] 
18. 
 
Final Settlement Price:  
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions, the Final Settlement Price for 
each Warrant will be determined in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
 
[Replicate relevant formula from] [Specify] [Condition 
[3.1.1.2] [3.1.2.2] [3.1.3.2] [3.1.4.2] 
[3.1.5.2] [3.1.6.2] [3.1.7.2] [3.1.8.2] [3.1.9.2] [3.2.1.2] [3.2.2.2] 
[3.2.3.2] [3.2.4.2] of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants] [Condition [3.1.1.2] [3.1.2.2] [3.1.3.2] 
[3.1.4.2] [3.2.1.2] [3.2.2.2] [3.2.3.2] [3.2.4.2] [3.2.5.2] [3.2.6.2] 
[3.3.1.2] [3.3.2.2][3.3.10.2] [3.3.13.2] [3.3.14.2] 
[3.3.15.2] [3.3.19.2] [3.3.20.2] [3.3.21.2] [3.3.23.2] [3.3.24.2] 
[3.3.25.2] [3.3.27.2] [3.3.30.2] [3.3.31.2] [3.3.33.2] [3.5.1.2] 
[3.6.1.2] [3.6.2.2] [3.6.3.2] [3.6.4.2] [3.6.5.2] [3.7.1.2] 
[3.7.2.2] [3.7.3.2] [3.7.4.2] [3.7.5.2] [3.7.6.2] [3.7.11.2] 
[3.9.1.2] [3.10.1.2] [3.10.2.2] 
[3.10.3.2] [3.11.1.2] [3.11.2.2] [3.11.3.2] [3.11.4.2] of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae] 
 
[Definitions relating to the Final Settlement Price are set out 
in paragraph 26(ii) "Definitions relating to the Product".] 
19. 
 
Physical Delivery Provisions: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 94 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
94 
[If not applicable and (in respect of Credit Linked Warrants) Alternative Physical Settlement does not apply, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs 
 
(i) 
Deliverable Asset(s): 
[[Market Value] [Nominal Amount] [Other] as set out in 
Condition 5.12 of the General Terms and Conditions] 
[Specify] 
 
[See paragraph "Underlying(s)"]  [The Deliverable Asset is 
the Underlying(k) specified in the paragraph "Underlying(s)] 
in respect of  Credit Linked Warrants where Alternative 
Physical Settlement does not apply: Specified Deliverable 
Obligation(s)] [in respect of Credit Linked Warrants where 
Alternative Physical Settlement applies: Alternative Physical 
Delivery Amount] 
 
(ii) 
Physical Delivery Amount: 
[As per Condition 5.12 of the General Terms and Conditions] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Warrants, if applicable, specify 
the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions governing whether transfer of 
Deliverable Asset(s) or payment of a cash 
sum will apply: 
[See paragraph (Cash Settlement Amount) above [and, 
subparagraph (Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount(s) 
payable) below]] 
 
[See paragraph 26(ii) “Definitions relating to the Product”.] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Warrants, if applicable: 
Applicable, as provided in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants]  
 
[Not applicable – cash settlement does not apply] 
 
(iv) 
Issuer's option to vary method of 
settlement: 
[No] [Applicable as per Condition 5.12.2 of the General 
Terms and Conditions] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Warrants, if applicable: 
Applicable, as provided in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
 
(v) 
Method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) 
in respect of Physical Delivery Amount or 
in respect of the Alternative Physical 
Delivery Amount (if other than Delivery): 
[As per Condition 5.12.1 of the General Terms and 
Conditions, subject to Condition 5.12.2 of the General Terms 
and Conditions] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Warrants: Delivery through the 
Relevant Clearing System unless 
the Specified Deliverable Obligations are not eligible for 
clearance by the Relevant Clearing System or otherwise as 
specified in Condition 1 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, in which case transfer 
will take place outside the Relevant Clearing System as set 
out in Condition 1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit 
Linked Warrants] 
 
(vi) 
Consequences of Settlement Disruption 
Event(s): 
As per Condition 5.12.5 of the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
(Please note that this subparagraph exists for information 
only and no new information should be inserted here) 
20. 
 
Parity 
[Specify number for use in calculation of Settlement Amount 
for the purposes of Condition 6of the General Terms and 
Conditions] [Not applicable] 
21. 
 
Averaging Date(s) 
 
[(DD/MM/YYYY)] 
[Not applicable] [Specify for the purposes of Condition 1 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Share/Index/SGI 
Index /Depositary Receipt/ETF/ETP/Foreign Exchange 
/Future Linked Warrants, as applicable.] 
22. 
 
Trigger early settlement at the option of the 
Issuer: 
[Applicable as per Condition 6.4.1.2 of the General Terms 
and Conditions] [Not applicable]

--- Page 95 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
95 
[Insert the following subparagraph only if Trigger early settlement at the option of the Issuer is applicable] 
 
[- 
Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount(s) 
payable 
[As per Condition 6.4.1.2  of the General Terms and 
Conditions] [Not applicable]] 
[Insert the following subparagraph only if the Outstanding Amount Trigger Level is different from 10% as specified in Condition 
6.4.1.2of the General Terms and Conditions] 
 
[- 
Outstanding Amount Trigger Level  
 
[Specify relevant level]] 
23. 
 
Cancellation for Tax Event, Special Tax 
Event, Regulatory Event, Force Majeure 
Event or Event of Default, Amounts Due in 
case of Bail-In of eligible warrant: 
[Early Termination] [Early Termination or Monetisation until 
the Expiration Date] [Cancellation will not apply to [Tax Event] 
[and/or] [Special Tax Event] [for the purposes of Condition 
[5.3] of the General Terms and Conditions] [and for the 
purposes of the Additional Terms and Conditions specified in 
subparagraph (Provisions relating, amongst others, to the 
Market Disruption Event(s) and/or Disruption Event(s) and/or 
Extraordinary Event(s) and/or Monetisation until the Expiration 
Date and/or any additional disruption event as described in the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions) below] [and] [the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
[and] [the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked 
Warrants]] 
 
[If cancellation applies for the purposes of Condition 5.3 of 
the General Terms and Conditions: Condition 6.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions will apply] 
 
[If cancellation does not apply for the purposes of Condition 
5.3 of the General Terms and Conditions: Condition 6.2 of 
the General Terms and Conditions will not apply] 
 
[Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the 
Warrantholder, except for Force Majeure Event 
or Event of Default] 
[Amounts Due in Respect of eligible warrant: 
From 
To 
Amounts Due per 
warrant 
(DD/MM/YYYY) 
(DD/MM/YYYY) 
X% 
of 
Nominal 
Amount 
] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO EXERCISE 
 
24. 
 
Exercise: 
[Manual][Automatic] Exercise 
 
(i) 
Exercise Price: 
[Specify] [(subject to the provisions of Condition 3.2.0.2 of 
the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants:)] 
 
(If the Warrants are not Turbo Warrants, delete the rest of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
- [Exercise Price Adjustment without 
Foreign Exchange Guarantee [for Turbo on 
Futures]]: 
[[Not applicable] / [Applicable] (For Turbo Warrants)]] 
 
 
- [Exercise Price Adjustment with 
Foreign Exchange Guarantee]: 
[[Not applicable] / [Applicable] (For Turbo Warrants)]] 
 
(ii) 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
[Not applicable] / [Specify number of Warrants] (Condition 
3.3 of the General Terms and Conditions provides that 
Warrants may only be exercised in numbers which are equal 
to the Minimum Exercise Number or any integral multiple 
thereof) 
 
(iii) 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[Not applicable] / [Specify number of Warrants and whether 
the Warrants subject to the Maximum Exercise Number shall

--- Page 96 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
96 
be selected at the Issuer's discretion or otherwise for the 
purposes of Condition 3.3of the General Terms and 
Conditions] (Condition 3.3 of the General Terms and 
Conditions provides that Warrants may only be exercised in 
numbers which are integral multiple of the minimum number 
and lesser than or equal to the Maximum Exercise Number) 
 
[For American Style Warrants listed on the Italian Stock 
Exchange specify the maximum number of Warrants that 
may be exercised on each Business Day] 
 
(iv) 
Units: 
[Not applicable] / [Specify whether the provisions relating to 
exercise of Units applies in accordance with Condition 3.1 of 
the General Terms and Conditions] 
PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
25. 
(i) 
Underlying(s): 
[Not applicable] [If Credit Linked Warrants or Bond Linked 
Warrants: as provided in paragraph [“Credit Linked Warrants 
Provisions”] [“Bond Linked Warrants Provisions”] below]  
 
[In respect of single Underlying, insert the following: 
 
The following Share / Index / SGI Index / Depositary Receipt 
/ Non-Equity Security / Reference Rate / Foreign Exchange 
Rate / Commodity / Commodity Index / Fund / [Credit][and] 
[CDS Spread] / Inflation Index / Bond / ETP / ETF/ Future / 
Portfolio / Dividend as defined below:] 
 
[In respect of basket of Underlyings (which, for  the 
avoidance of doubt may be a combination of different 
Underlyings), insert the following: 
 
The following basket of [●] Shares / Indices / SGI Indices / 
Depositary Receipts / Non-Equity 
Warrants / Reference Rates / Foreign Exchange Rates / 
Commodities / Commodity 
Indices / Funds / [Credits] [and] [CDS Spreads]  / Inflation 
Indices / Bonds / ETPs / ETFs / Futures / Portfolio/ Dividends 
[(each an Underlying k and together the Basket)] as defined 
below:] 
 
[Details of the Portfolio are set out in the following tables.] 
 
[Where the underlying is a security need to include the name 
of the issuer of the security and the International Warrants 
Identification Number (ISIN) or equivalent identification 
number. 
 
Where the underlying is an index, include the name of the 
index and the address of the website on which a complete 
set of rules relating to such index can be found. If the index is 
not composed by the Issuer, need to include details of where 
the information about the index can be obtained. In case of 
SGI Linked Warrants, if Advised SGI Index is applicable, 
need to specify. 
 
Where the underlying is an interest rate, include a description 
of the interest rate. Where the underlying does not fall within 
the categories specified above, the applicable Final Terms 
shall contain equivalent information.  
 
Where the underlying is a basket of underlyings, need to 
include the relevant weightings or quantities of each 
underlying in the basket, or if the basket is not weighted, 
state that there is no weighting in respect of the underlyings 
in the basket. 
Where the underlying is a Future or a Basket of Future, need 
to disclose the Future, the Next Active Future Contract, the 
Exchange, the Future Start Time, the Future End Time, the

--- Page 97 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
97 
Future Underlier, the relevant weightings of  each Underlying 
in the Basket. 
 
Where the underlying is a Portfolio or a basket of Portfolios: 
The [basket of] [Portfolio[s]] as described in the Annex for 
Portfolio Linked Warrants attached hereto.] 
 
 
(ii) 
Information relating to the past and future 
performances of the Underlying(s) and 
volatility: 
[Not applicable] [Need to include details of the relevant 
website or screen page where information on past and future 
performance and volatility can be obtained, as specified in 
paragraph (Underlying(s)) above.] 
 
(iii) 
Provisions relating, amongst others, to the 
Market Disruption Event(s) and/or 
Disruption Event(s) and/or Extraordinary 
Event(s) and/or Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date and/or any additional 
disruption event as described in the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions: 
[Not applicable] 
 
The provisions of the following Additional Terms and 
Conditions apply: 
 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants 
and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms 
and 
Conditions for Index Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms 
and 
Conditions for Non-Equity Security Linked Warrants] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Warrants 
and ETP Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Reference Rate Linked Securities] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked 
Warrants] 
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants]  
[Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Warrants] [Additional Terms and Conditions for Future 
Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants] [Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants [and Condition 3 
“Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread”] [Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants] [Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants]]. 
 
[Specify if Hedging Disruption is not applicable] 
 
[Specify if Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable] 
 
[Specify if Stop-Loss Event is not applicable] 
 
[Specify if Holding Limit Event is not applicable] 
 
[if Share Linked Warrants and ESG Downgrading Event is 
applicable: 
 
Share   ESG 
Rating 
Agency   
ESG Metric 
Name   
Minimum 
ESG 
Metric Level   
ESG 
Criteria   
X   
    
    
    
A &C   
Y   
    
    
    
    
 
ESG Downgrading Event is applicable : 
 
ESG Determination Agent : [Specify the relevant ESG 
Determination Agent]] 
 
[Specify if “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2" applies] 
 
(iv) 
Credit Linked Warrants Provisions: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable, subject to the provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants.] 
[The 
provisions of the "Additional Provisions related to CDS 
Spread” in Condition 3 shall apply.]

--- Page 98 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
98 
[If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
 
(a) 
Type of Credit Linked Warrants: 
[Single Name Warrants] [First-to-Default Warrants] [Basket 
Warrants] [Tranche Warrants] 
 
(b) 
Terms relating to Settlement: 
 
 
 
(A.) Settlement Type: 
[American Settlement][European Settlement] 
 
 
(B.) Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement, pursuant to Condition 1.1.3 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
[Or but ONLY for Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default 
Warrants and the Settlement Type is American Settlement: 
Physical Settlement, pursuant to Condition 1.1.1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
 
 
(i) Alternative Physical Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(ii) Alternative Physical Delivery Amount: 
[Not applicable][As per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants]] 
 
 
(C.) Final Value: 
[Fixed Recovery: [specify] per cent.] 
 
Floating Recovery with Auction Method: the Final Value is to 
be determined pursuant to a Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms and if a Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is 
published on or before 140 Business Days following the 
Credit Event Determination Date, 
that provides for the valuation of obligations of a  Reference 
Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred, 
subject to the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event, 
means the Auction Final Price (as specified in the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and 
expressed as a percentage) determined, if any, under such 
Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms and applicable to the seniority of the Reference 
Obligation or if a Fallback Settlement Event occurs or no 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published on or 
before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event 
Determination Date, means the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation Date as follows: 
 
(x) the Final Price if there is only one Selected Obligation; or 
 
(y) the weighted average of the Final Prices of the Selected 
Obligations if the latter are a portfolio, in each case, minus 
the Valuation Hedging Cost for such Selected Obligation(s).] 
 
[Floating Recovery with Quotation Dealers Method: The Final 
Value means the amount  determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the 
Credit Valuation Date (as such term is defined in Condition 2 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants) as follows: 
 
(x) the Final Price (as such term is defined in Condition 2 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants) if there is only one Selected Obligation; or 
 
(y) the weighted average of the Final Prices of the Selected 
Obligations (as such term is defined in Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) 
if the latter are a portfolio, in each case, minus the Valuation 
Hedging Cost (as such term is defined in Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) 
for such Selected Obligation(s).] 
 
[If Physical Settlement: Not applicable]

--- Page 99 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
99 
 
 
(D.) Unwind Costs: 
[Specify amount for the purposes of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] [Standard Unwind 
Costs, as such term is defined in Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
[Not applicable: the Unwind Costs in respect of each Warrant 
will be equal to zero]   
 
(c) 
Provisions relating to Basket Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
[If (c) Not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
 
 
(A.) Relevant Proportion: 
As per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Warrants, the proportion which one Warrant 
bears to the total number of Warrants outstanding 
 
 
(B.) Aggregate Loss Amount: 
[If the Warrants are Basket Warrants which are not Tranche 
Warrants: means at any time for a Basket Warrant that is not 
a Tranche Warrant, the aggregate of the Loss Amount in 
respect of all Reference Entities in respect of which a Credit 
Event Determination Date has occurred] [If the Warrants are 
Tranche Warrants: means at any time for a Tranche Warrant, 
the lowest of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the 
highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the 
aggregate of the Loss Amount for all Reference Entities in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount.] 
 
 
(C.) Loss Amount: 
[In respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants if N-to-
M-to-Default is specified as Not applicable: In relation to 
each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount and (ii) the difference between the Reference Price 
and the Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero.] 
 
[In respect of Tranche Warrants if N-to-M-to-Default is 
specified as Applicable: In relation to each Reference Entity 
in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date (as 
such term is defined in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) has occurred: 
 
- which has a Ranking strictly lower than N: an amount equal 
to the product of (i) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the Reference Price; 
 
- which has a Ranking higher than or equal to N and lower 
than or equal to M: an amount equal to the product of (i) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the difference 
between the Reference Price and the Final Value, subject to 
a minimum of zero; 
 
- which has a Ranking strictly higher than M: an amount 
equal to zero.] 
 
 
(D.) Reference Entity Notional Amount  
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] [For each Reference Entity comprised in 
the Reference Portfolio: the amount equal to the product of

--- Page 100 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
100 
the Reference Entity Weighting and the Reference Portfolio 
Notional Amount] 
 
 
(E.) Tranche Warrants:  
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
[If (E) Not applicable, delete the remaining] 
 
 
 
   (1)   Tranche Subordination Amount: 
[The Reference Portfolio Notional Amount multiplied by the 
Attachment Point][Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] 
 
 
   (2)   Tranche Notional Amount: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] [The Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount] 
 
 
   (3)   N-to-M-to Default: 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
[If Not applicable, delete the three lines below: 
 
N = [number corresponding to the Ranking starting at which 
the Aggregate Loss Amount will be an amount greater than 
zero] 
 
M = [number corresponding to the Ranking above which the 
Aggregate Loss Amount ceases to increase] 
 
P = [number of Reference Entities within the Reference 
Portfolio] 
 
 
  (4)   Attachment Point 
[If the Warrants are Tranche Warrants with N-to-M-to-Default 
is Not applicable: [Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants]%] 
[If N-to-M-to-Default is specified as Applicable: [(N-1)/P]%] 
 
 
  (5)   Detachment Point 
[If the Warrants are Tranche Warrants with N-to-M-to-Default 
is Not applicable: [Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants]%]] 
[If N-to-M-to-Default is specified as Applicable: [M/P]%] 
 
 
(F.) Reference Portfolio Notional Amount:  
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] [Tranche Warrants and N-to-M: An amount 
equal to the Aggregate Warrant 
Notional Amount divided by the difference between the 
Detachment Point and the Attachment Point] [Basket 
Warrants: an amount equal to the Aggregate Warrant 
Notional Amount] 
 
 
(G.) Reference Price:  
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] [[Insert the 
percentage]%][For each Reference Entity comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio: the percentage specified as such in 
“Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto or, if not specified, 
100%.]] 
 
 
(H.) Reference Entity Weighting:  
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants][For each 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference Portfolio: the 
proportion specified as such in "Annex for Credit Linked 
Warrants" hereto which will be adjusted in accordance with 
the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Warrants] 
 
(d) 
Transaction Type: 
[For Single Name Warrants: As specified in the “Annex for 
Credit Linked Warrants" hereto]

--- Page 101 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
101 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include Tranche 
Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, as specified in the 
“Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] 
 
 
(e) 
[Deliverable/Selected] Obligation(s): 
[[If Cash Settlement and Fixed Recovery: Not applicable] 
[Applicable]] 
 
[If (e) Not applicable, delete the remaining] 
 
 
 
(A.) [Deliverable/Selected] Obligation 
Category:  
[For Single Name Warrants: The 
[Deliverable/Selected] Obligation Category specified in the 
“Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] [For Basket 
Warrants (which by definition include Tranche Warrants) and 
FTD Warrants: For each Reference Entity comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio, the [Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation 
Category specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" 
hereto] 
 
 
(B.) [Deliverable/Selected] Obligation 
Characteristics:  
[For Single Name Warrants: The 
[Deliverable/Selected] Obligation 
Characteristics specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked 
Warrants"] 
 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include Tranche 
Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the [Deliverable] 
[Selected] Obligation Characteristics specified in the “Annex 
for Credit Linked Warrants" below] 
 
 
(C.) Other [Deliverable/Selected] 
Obligations:  
[Specify any additional obligation for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] [None] 
 
(f) 
First Credit Event Occurrence Date: 
[Specify date for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] 
 
(g) 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence 
Date: 
[Specify date for the purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] [The [In 
respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated 
Finnish Warrants or Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants: 12th 
[If the Warrants are neither Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, 
nor Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, nor Uncertificated 
Norwegian Warrants: 4th] Business Day immediately 
preceding the Scheduled Expiration Date] 
 
 
(h) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
[For Single Name Warrants: As specified in the “Annex for 
Credit Linked Warrants" hereto (or 
any Successor thereto)]  
 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include Tranche 
Warrants) and FTD Warrants: 
The Reference Entities comprised in the Reference Portfolio 
as described in the “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" (or 
any Successor 
thereto)] 
 
(i) 
Multiple Successor(s): 
[For Single Name Warrants: Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include Tranche 
Warrants) and FTD Warrants: Not relevant. The provisions of 
Condition 1.3 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for

--- Page 102 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
102 
Credit Linked Warrants do not apply. For the avoidance of 
doubt, 
splits into several resulting entities are dealt with in the 
definition of Successor as per Condition 2 of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants.] 
 
(j) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[CUSIP/ISIN: [Insert the identification number] [None]] 
 
[For Single Name Warrants: As specified in the Annex for 
Credit Linked Warrants hereto] 
 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include Tranche 
Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the Reference 
Obligation(s) specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked 
Warrants" hereto] 
 
(k) 
Credit Event(s): 
[For Single Name Warrants: The Credit Events specified in 
the “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] 
 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include Tranche 
Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the Credit Event(s) 
specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] 
 
(l) 
Notice of Publicly Available Information: 
[For Single Name Warrants: As specified in the “Annex for 
Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] 
 
[For Basket Warrants(which by definition include Tranche 
Warrants) and FTD Warrants: 
For each Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, as specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked 
Warrants" hereto] 
 
(m) 
Obligation(s): 
 
 
 
(A.) Obligation Category:  
[For Single Name Warrants: The 
Obligation Category specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked 
Warrants" hereto]  
 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include Tranche 
Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the Obligation 
Category specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants" 
hereto] 
 
 
(B.) Obligation Characteristics:  
[For Single Name Warrants: The 
Obligation Charateristics specified in the “Annex for Credit 
Linked Warrants" hereto]  
 
[For Basket Warrants (which by definition include Tranche 
Warrants) and FTD Warrants: For each Reference Entity 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the Obligation 
Charateristics specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked 
Warrants" hereto] 
 
 
(C.) Other Obligation : 
[Specify any additional obligation for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] 
[None] 
 
(n) 
All Guarantees: 
[For Single Name Warrants: As specified in the “Annex for 
Credit Linked Warrants"] 
 
[For Basket Warrants(which by definition include Tranche 
Warrants) and FTD Warrants: 
For each Reference Entity comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio, as specified in the “Annex for Credit Linked 
Warrants"]

--- Page 103 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
103 
 
(o) 
Additional Provisions relating to certain 
specific Reference Entities: 
[Applicable, if relevant, as per Conditions 1.7 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] [Not applicable] 
 
(p) 
Business Days (for the purposes of 
Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants): 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] [The Business Days specified in the “Annex 
for Credit Linked Warrants" hereto] 
 
(q) 
Reference Entities Switch and/or 
Settlement Date Extension at the option of 
the Issuer: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Not applicable] [Applicable as per Condition 1.10 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants.] 
 
The Reference Portfolio as  described in “Annex for Credit 
Linked Warrants” hereto constitutes the components of the 
[specify the Initial Index Name] Serie [i] Version [j], as 
published by Markit on [specify the Website link]. 
 
By no later than [specify the date], the Issuer will have the 
right but not the obligation to apply Reference Entities Switch 
[and Settlement Extension]. 
 
Amended Reference Portfolio: components of the [specify 
the Initial Index Name] Series [i]+1, Version 1, to be 
published by Markit on [specify the Website link].  
 
[Settlement Extension: Amended [Scheduled] Settlement 
Date: 
 
[specify the Amended [Scheduled] Settlement Date] 
(If (xvii) is Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph) 
 
 
 
- Notice Period: 
[Insert the number of days] days prior to the effective date of 
the Reference Entities Switch [and Settlement Date 
Extension]. 
 
(r) 
Other applicable options as per the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants: 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Specify the source of Publicly Available Information which 
must be used when the Public Source is different from the 
sources specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Warrants] 
 
[Specify the Specified Number if such number is different 
from the Specified Number anticipated 
in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] 
 
[If "Physical Settlement" applies: Specify if Include 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation 
Accrued Interest applies] 
 
[If "Cash Settlement" applies and one of the following options 
applies to the Warrants; Specify if [Include 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest] or [Exclude 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest] applies]

--- Page 104 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
104 
[Specify the [Excluded Obligation], [Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation] [Excluded Selected Obligation] if different from 
the provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants] 
 
[Specify if Non-Reference Entity Original Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is applicable] 
 
[Specify if Substitution Event Early Termination is not 
applicable] 
 
[Specify Trigger Percentage applicable to a Reference Entity 
if applicable] 
 
[Specify Principal Credit Factor if different from 100%] 
 
[Specify Principal Loss Factor if different from 100%] 
 
[Specify Domestic Currency if different from the provisions of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked 
Warrants] 
 
[Only if Condition 3 "Additional Provisions related to CDS 
Spread” applies: 
 
[Specify adjustment spread if applicable]  
 
[Specify external provider for Reference Entity Spread if 
Dealer Poll Method is not applicable] 
 
[Reference Entity Spread Method: [Dealer Poll 
Method][External Provider Method]] 
 
[Specify the External Provider Time if different from 15:00 
London time] 
 
[Specify the Quotation Deadline Time if different  from 17:00 
London time] 
 
[Specify the Quotation Method if different from Offer] 
 
[Specify the Reference CDS Currency if different from that 
specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked 
Warrants] 
 
[Specify the Reference CDS Maturity if different from 5-year] 
 
[Specify if Switch Option is not applicable] 
 
[Specify if Credit Index Option is applicable] 
 
[Specify if Limited Recourse Provisions are applicable]]] 
 
 
 
(v) 
Bond Linked Warrants Provisions: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable, subject to the provisions of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.]  
[If Not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
 
(a) 
Type of BondLinked Warrants: 
[Single Bond Linked Warrants] [Basket Bond Linked 
Warrants]  
 
(b) 
Terms relating to Settlement: 
 
 
 
(A.) Settlement Type: 
[American Settlement][European Settlement] (NB: American 
Settlement only if Single Bond 
Linked Warrants) 
 
 
(B.) Bond Final Value: 
[Fixed Recovery: [Insert the percentage] per cent.]

--- Page 105 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
105 
 
[Floating Recovery: For each Bond, the percentage 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
(i)    the Bond Final Price; 
 
(ii)   plus, if any, any partial or total repayment in cash of the 
Bond which would have been paid to the holders of the Bond 
under the Bond as of the Bond Final Value Determination 
Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as 
a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount; 
 
(iii) plus, if any, the price (expressed as a percentage of the 
Bond Notional Amount), calculated using a method similar to 
that to determine the Bond Final Price, of any Warrants 
which would have been delivered to the holders of the Bond 
under the Bond as of the Bond Final 
Value Determination Date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
 
(iv) minus the Valuation Hedging Cost; 
 
(v) [minus any amount due and payable under the Bond in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bond as in 
force and effect as of the Issue Date  (expressed as a 
percentage of the Bond Notional Amount) which is still 
unpaid at the Bond Final Value Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.]] 
 
[The Bond Final Value is subject to a minimum of zero per 
cent. and to a maximum of 100 per cent.] [The Bond Final 
Value is subject to a minimum of zero per cent. and may be 
higher than one hundred per cent. (100%).] 
 
 
(C.) Auction Period for the purposes of the 
Bond Final Price determination: 
[Specify number] consecutive Business Days (as defined in 
paragraph 25(k) below) 
 
 
(D.) Bond Final Price Accrued Interest: 
[Excluding Accrued Interest] / [Including Accrued Interest] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(E.) Breakage Cost Amount: 
[Not Applicable: the Breakage Cost Amount will be equal to 
zero] [Applicable: means an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent expressed in the Settlement Currency of the 
Warrants using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the 
relevant calculation date(s), as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, equal to the fees, costs and expenses arising directly 
or indirectly, in connection with (i) terminating, unwinding, 
realizing or enforcing any repurchase transaction (if any) with 
the Bond as underlying asset, the purpose of which is to 
refinance the 
relevant Bond and (ii) entering into, trading or increasing any 
repurchase transaction (or any transaction with similar 
purposes) with the Collateral Assets (if any) as underlying 
asset, 
the purpose of which is to refinance the Collateral Assets (if 
any). For the avoidance of doubt, the Breakage Cost Amount 
may be a positive amount (if to be received by Societe 
Generale or any of its Affiliates) or a negative amount (if to be 
paid by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates)] 
 
 
(F.)  Relevant Proportion: 
[Specify as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.] 
 
(c) 
Provisions relating to Basket Bond Linked 
Warrants: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable] 
[If Not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
 
 
(A.) Aggregate Loss Amount: 
[Specify as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.]

--- Page 106 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
106 
 
 
(B.) Loss Amount: 
[Specify as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.]  
 
 
(C.) Reference Portfolio Notional Amount: 
[Specify as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants.]  
 
 
(D.) Reference Price: 
[Specify] [[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants] 
per cent.] [For each Bond comprised in the Reference 
Portfolio: [Specify 
for the purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants] per cent.] / the amount 
specified as such in paragraph "(m) Tables" below] 
 
 
(E.) Bond Weighting: 
Specify as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants] [ For each Bond: the 
amount specified as such in paragraph "(m) Tables" below] 
 
(d) 
First Bond Event Occurrence Date: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants] 
 
(e) 
Last Bond Event Occurrence Date: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants]. 
 
(f) 
Bond(s): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[For Single Bond Linked Warrants: The Bond described in 
paragraph "(m) Tables" below] 
 
[For Basket Bond Linked Warrants: The Bonds comprised in 
the Reference Portfolio as described in paragraph "(m) 
Tables" below] 
 
(g) 
Bond Currency: 
[For Single Bond Linked Warrants: The Bond Currency 
described in paragraph "(m) Tables" below] 
 
[For Basket Bond Linked Warrants: The Bond Currency 
described in respect of the Bonds comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio as described in paragraph "(m) Tables" 
below] 
 
(h) 
Bond Notional Amount: 
[For Single Bond Linked Warrants: On the Issue Date, the 
Bond Notional Amount in the Bond 
Currency, each as described in paragraph "Tables" below 
and thereafter as modified in accordance with the definition 
of "Bond Notional 
Amount" in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants.] 
 
[For Basket Bond Linked Warrants: On the Issue Date, the 
Bond Notional Amount in the Bond Currency described in 
respect of the 
Bonds comprised in the Reference Portfolio, all as described 
in paragraph "Tables" below and 
thereafter as modified in accordance with the definition of 
"Bond Notional Amount" in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants] 
 
(i) 
Bond Events: 
[For Single Bond Linked Warrants: The Bond Events 
specified in paragraph "(m) Tables" below] 
 
[For Basket Bond Linked Warrants: For each Bond 
comprised in the Reference Portfolio, the Bond Event(s) 
specified in paragraph "(m) Tables" below] 
 
(j) 
Notice of Publicly Available Information: 
[Applicable][Not applicable]

--- Page 107 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
107 
 
(k) 
Business Days (for the purposes of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants): 
[Specify for the purposes of  Condition 2 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants] 
 
(l) 
Other applicable options as per the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Specify the number of Business Days which must be used in 
relation to the definition of First Quotation Day if such 
number is 
different from the number anticipated in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants]  
 
[Specify the source of Publicly Available Information which 
must 
be used when the Public Source is different from the sources 
specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants] 
 
[Specify the Specified Number if such number is different 
from the 
Specified Number anticipated in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants] 
 
Specify if Reference Transaction Price is Not Applicable] 
 
[Specify if Reference Transaction Price is Applicable] 
 
[Specify if Market Trigger Event is Not Applicable] 
 
[Specify if Market Trigger Event is Applicable]  
 
[If Market Trigger Event is Not Applicable delete the remaining 
subparagraphs] 
- 
[Market Trigger Event Source means [Specify]] 
- 
[Market Trigger Event Percentage means: [Specify]] 
[Specify the number of continuous Business Days if different 
from five] 
 
 
(m) 
Tables: 
 
[Insert the following table if the type of Bond Linked Warrants is Single Bond Linked 
Warrants:] 
 
Bond Issuer 
Bond Guarantor [if any 
[if 
none 
then 
delete 
relevant column]] 
Underlying Borrower [if
any [if none then delete 
relevant column]] 
Bond ISIN Code Bond 
Currency 
Bond Notional 
Amount 
Maturity 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[For the following tables, add as many lines as 
necessary: 
[Insert the following table if "type of Bond Linked 
Warrants" is "Basket Bond Linked Warrants": 
 
Reference Portfolio: 
Bond Issuer 
Bond 
Guarantor 
[if any [if 
none then 
delete 
relevant 
column]] 
Bond 
ISIN 
Code 
Underlying 
Borrower 
[if any [if 
none then 
delete 
relevant 
column]] 
Bond 
Weighting 
Bond 
Currency
Maturity Bond 
Notional 
Amount 
Reference 
Price 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[●]

--- Page 108 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
108 
 
[For all Basket Bond Linked Warrants where there is more than one Bond, split the Bond ISIN Code column into the 
relevant number of columns): 
 
Terms applicable to a Bond are the ones specified in the table below. 
 
In the table below, "X" means "Applicable"  
 
 
Bond Events 
 
 
 
Bond Acceleration  
[X] 
 
Bond Default 
[X] 
 
Bond Early Redemption 
[X] 
 
Bond Restructuring   
[X] 
 
Bond Failure to Pay  
[X] 
 
Bond Governmental Intervention 
[X] 
 
Bond Issuer ISDA Event 
[X] 
 
DEFINITIONS 
 
26. 
(i) 
Definitions relating to date(s): 
 [Applicable] [Not applicable] 
 
 
[-    Insert any relevant date(s): 
[Insert date(s)]]  
 
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Product: 
Applicable, subject to the provisions of Condition 4 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae] [Applicable. All or part of the definitions 
relating to the Product 
being those used in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae.] [Applicable, 
subject to the provisions of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants] [Not applicable] 
 
 
[NB: Add as many lines as necessary] 
 
 
[-    Insert any relevant defined term(s) 
applicable 
to 
settlement 
and 
the 
underlying(s) (if any),  from the Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions 
relating 
to 
Formulae/Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants: 
[Replicate the relevant definition(s) corresponding 
to the Reference of the Product from] [Specify] 
[Condition [1][2][3][4][5] of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants][Condition [1][2][3][4][4.29] of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Formulae] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SECURED WARRANTS 
 
27. 
 
Secured Warrant Provisions:  
[Not Applicable] [Applicable, subject to the 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Secured Warrants]  
 
 
 
[If 
Not 
Applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Collateral Pool: 
[Specify for the purposes of Conditions 1  and 2.4.1 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Secured Warrants] 
 
(ii) 
Type of Collateral Pool: 
[Single Issue Collateral Pool] [Multiple Issue 
Collateral Pool]

--- Page 109 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
109 
 
(iii) 
Type of Collateralisation: 
[MV Collateralisation] [NV Collateralisation] [Max 
(MV, NV) Collateralisation] [Min (MV, 
NV) 
Collateralisation] 
 
- 
Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
 
(iv)   
Eligibility Criteria: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Secured Warrants]  
 
(v) 
Collateral Rules: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 1 and 2.4.1 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Secured Warrants]  
 
(vi)  
Collateralisation Percentage: 
[Specify the percentage or the formula for 
calculating this percentage] [Where Max (MV, NV) 
Collateralisation or Min (MV, NV) Collateralisation 
is applicable, specify percentage level for MV and 
NV Collateralisation if different] 
[Specify where the Collateralisation Percentage 
may vary after a certain date, following the 
occurrence of a trigger event or following a 
unanimous decision of the Warrantholders] 
[Where the Collateralisation Percentage may vary 
following 
an 
unanimous 
decision 
of 
the 
Warrantholders, specify a notification period] 
 
(vii) 
Haircuts: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable.] 
[specify details of the haircut to be applied in 
relation to each type or class of Collateral Asset]]  
 
(viii) 
Collateral Test Dates: 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 1 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Secured Warrants] [No periodic Collateral Test 
Dates]  
 
(ix) 
Collateral Substitution: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable]  
 
(x) 
Waiver of Rights: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable]  
 
(xi) 
Early Termination Settlement Amount 
following the occurrence of a Collateral 
Disruption Event: 
[Market Value as per Condition 6.3]   
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2.6 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Secured Warrants] 
 
(xii) 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable]  
 
 
 
[If Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is Not 
Applicable, delete the following subparagraph] 
 
 
[-    Method of transfer of Collateral Assets 
in respect of Collateral Assets Entitlement: 
[Delivery through Clearstream or Euroclear or any 
other relevant clearance institution (the Collateral 
Assets Clearing System) unless the Collateral 
Assets are not eligible for clearance by the 
Collateral Assets Clearing System, in which case 
transfer will take place outside the Collateral Assets 
Clearing System.]] 
 
(xiii) 
Order of Priority: 
[The Standard Order of Priority (as such term is 
defined in Condition 4.5 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants) 
applies] [Insert any alternative Order of Priority 
pursuant to the definition of "Order of Priority" in 
Condition 4.5 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Secured Warrants]  
 
(xiv) 
Other applicable options as per the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Secured Warrants: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[Where the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, 
specify where the Collateral Valuation Currency 
Screen Page and the Collateral Valuation Currency 
Specified Time differ from the Collateral Valuation

--- Page 110 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
110 
Currency Screen Page and the Collateral Valuation 
Currency Specified Time specified in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Secured 
Warrants] 
 
[Where the Collateral Valuation Currency is other 
than Euro, specify the Collateral Valuation 
Currency, the Collateral Valuation Currency Screen 
Page and the Collateral Valuation Currency 
Specified Time] 
 
[Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency Rate 
of Exchange is applicable]  
 
[Where 
Predetermined 
Collateral 
Valuation 
Currency Rate of Exchange is applicable specify 
the predetermined rate of the Collateral Valuation 
Currency] 
 
[Specify where a different Valuation Point shall be 
used] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE WARRANTS 
 
28. 
Provisions applicable to payment date(s): 
 
 
- 
Payment Business Day: 
[Following Payment Business Day] [Modified 
Following Payment Business Day]  
 
 
[NB: "Payment Business Day" election in accordance with Condition [4.9]/[4.9]  of the General Terms 
and Conditions ] 
 
- 
Financial Centre(s): 
[Insert the financial centre(s)] 
 
[In respect of Credit Linked Warrants with Physical 
Settlement: [Insert the financial centre(s)] and 
solely for the purposes of physical settlement, if 
applicable, a day in any other jurisdiction in which 
a bank must be open in order to effect settlement 
of any Deliverable Obligations being Delivered.] 
 
[- 
Payment Disruption Event : 
Payment Disruption Expenses is not applicable, as 
per condition 5.10 of the General Terms and 
Conditions.] 
29. 
Form of the Warrants: 
 
 
 
[[Registered Global Warrant registered in the 
name of a nominee for a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream] [specify]] 
 
[If French law Warrants in materialised form: 
Materialised Warrants: Temporary Global 
Certificate] 
 
[If French law Warrants in dematerialised form: 
Dematerialised Warrants: Bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur)] 
 
[If EUI Warrants: EUI Warrants in book-entry form 
issued, cleared and settled through Euroclear UK 
& Ireland Limited (CREST). Direct CREST 
Settlement] 
 
[If Uncertificated Swedish Warrants: 
Uncertificated Swedish Warrants in book entry 
form issued, cleared and settled through 
Euroclear Sweden in accordance with the 
Swedish Central Warrants Depositaries and

--- Page 111 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
111 
Financial Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 
1998:1479), as amended] 
 
[If Uncertificated Finnish Warrants: 
Uncertificated Finnish Warrants in book entry form 
issued, cleared and settled through Euroclear 
Finland in accordance with the Finnish Act on the 
Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fi. 
Laki  arvoosuusjärjestelmästä 
ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended 
and/or re-enacted from 
time to time, and the Finnish Act on Book-Entry 
Accounts (Fi. Laki arvo-osuustileistä 827/1991), as 
amended and/or re-enacted from time to time. 
 
[If Uncertificated Italian Warrants: 
Uncertificated Italian Warrants in book entry form 
issued, cleared and settled through [Monte Titoli 
S.p.A. in accordance with the Italian Financial 
Services Act (Legislative Decree 24 February 
1998, No. 58), as amended.] [Specify] 
 
[If Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants: 
Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants in book entry 
form issued, cleared and settled through the VPS 
ASA in accordance with the Norwegian Central 
Warrants Depositories Act no. 6 of 15 March 2019 
(No. Verdipapirsentralloven).] 
 
[If Uncertificated Spanish Warrants: 
Uncertificated Spanish Warrants in book entry 
form issued, cleared and settled through 
Ibearclear in accordance with Article 6 of the 
Spanish Restated Warrants Market Act approved 
by the Royal Decree Law 4/2015, of 23 October 
(as amended from time to time, the 
“SMA”).] 
 
[If Uncertificated SIS Warrants: 
Uncertificated Swiss Warrants in book entry form 
issued, cleared and settled through SIX SIS Ltd or 
any other clearing institution in Switzerland 
recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss 
Exchange.] 
30. 
Consolidation: 
[Applicable as per Condition 14.2 of the General 
Terms and Conditions] [Not applicable]  
 
 
 
[If Not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
 
(i) 
Consolidation Settlement Date: 
[Not applicable] [Market Value as per Condition 
14.2]  
 
(ii) 
Consolidation Notice Period: 
[Specify the Consolidation Notice Period for the 
purposes of Condition 14.2 of the General Terms 
and Conditions] 
 
(iii) 
Consolidation Effective Date: 
[Specify applicable Consolidation Effective Date for 
the purposes of Condition 14.2 of the General 
Terms and Conditions.] 
 
(iv) 
Consolidation Settlement Date: 
[Specify Consolidation Settlement Date for the 
purposes of Condition 14.2 of the General Terms 
and Conditions] 
31. 
Portfolio Linked Warrant Provisions: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable, subject to the 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Portfolio Linked Warrants]

--- Page 112 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
112 
[If Not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs]  
 
(i) 
Basket Component(s): 
As specified in "Annex for Portfolio Linked 
Warrants" 
 
(ii) 
Debt Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Warrants"] [Not applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Commodity Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Warrants"] [Not applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Derivatives Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Warrants"] [Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Equity Instrument(s): 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Warrants"] [Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Market Data: 
[Applicable, as specified in "Annex for Portfolio 
Linked Warrants"] [Not applicable] 
[NB: If Substitution of the Issuer is Not applicable, insert the following paragraph: 
 
32. 
 
Substitution of the Issuer: 
[Not applicable] 
 
[NB: if Gross-up provision is Not applicable, insert the following paragraph: 
33. 
 
Taxation: 
Gross-up provision is not applicable] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
Information or summaries of  information included herein with respect to the Warrants, has been extracted from general 
databases released publicly or by any other available information. [Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor] [The Issuer] confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information 
published, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
[In the case of Warrants to be listed to SIX Swiss Exchange only: RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, if any, accepts the responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. To the best 
of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer [and the Guarantor] the information contained in these Final Terms is in accordance 
with all the facts and no material facts or circumstances have been omitted.] 
[NB: The applicable Final Terms should be signed by the Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, in those jurisdictions 
in which the Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, is legally required to sign or in which market practice dictates that 
it should. The signature block may be deleted in those jurisdictions in which neither of the above applies. 
 
 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised] 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Guarantor: 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised]]

--- Page 113 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
113 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 
1.   LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)   Listing: 
[If no listing: None] [Application has been made for the 
[Warrants][Warrants] to be listed on [the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [SIX Swiss Exchange] [Specify 
other]]  
(ii)   Admission to trading: 
[In the case of a trading on a non EU or 
non-United Kingdom regulated market or where no admission 
to trading is to occur: Not applicable] [Application has been 
made for the Warrants to be admitted to trading on [the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[Specify other] [In the case of admission to trading on SIX 
Swiss Exchange: SIX Swiss Exchange] with effect from [or as 
soon as practicable 
after] [the Issue Date]] 
 
[There can be no assurance that the listing and trading of 
Warrants will be approved with effect on [the Issue Date] 
or at all.] 
 
[[Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original securities are already admitted to trading:] [[insert title 
of the Warrants related to the previous Issue] issued on 
[insert date] are already admitted to trading on [.]]  
(iii)   Information required for Warrants to be listed on SIX 
Swiss Exchange: 
 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]   
 
[If (iii) Not Applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs] 
[-    Listing/Trading information: 
 
(a)    Trading Size and Ratio: 
Warrants can only be traded in the Notional Amount and 
integral multiples of the Notional Amount [Minimum and 
maximum trading size and the standard exercise ratio] 
(b)    First Trading Day: 
[Insert the first trading day]  
(c)    Last Trading Day and Time: 
[Insert the last trading day and, in the case of derivatives, the 
time of day at which trading shall cease ] 
(d)    Swiss ticker symbol: 
[Insert the Swiss ticker symbol] 
(e)    Type of quoting: 
Not applicable 
(f)    Capital Protection: 
No capital protection 
Additional information: 
 
(a)    Fees charged by the Issuer to the Warrantholders 
post-issuance: 
[Insert the fees] [None] 
(b)    Name and address of the representative for 
purposes of article 58a of the Listing Rules of SIX Swiss 
Exchange: 
[Societe Generale, Paris, Zurich Branch, Talacker 50, 8021 
Zurich, Switzerland.]  
[Insert name and address of the relevant representatives if 
different from the foregoing] 
(c)    No material adverse change: 
[Save as disclosed in the Base Prospectus (as amended by 
supplements from time to time), there has been no material 
adverse change, nor any event involving a prospective material 
adverse change in the financial and trading position of the 
Issuer [and the Guarantor] since the date of the Base 
Prospectus (as amended by supplements from time to time)]

--- Page 114 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
114 
(d)    Swiss tax information: 
[Insert any tax information required by section 3.2.12 of 
scheme F of SIX Swiss Exchange.] 
[Warrantholders are advised to consult with their professional 
tax advisors as to the respective Swiss tax consequences of 
the purchase, ownership, disposition or settlement of 
Warrants.] 
2.   RATINGS 
[The Warrants to be issued have [not] been rated [Specify the rating(s) of Warrants being issued] [by [Specify rating agency(ies)].] 
[If credit  ratings are assigned to Warrants at the request or with the cooperation of the Issuer in the rating process, need to include 
a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating if this has previously been published by the rating provider.]  
 
[The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to Warrants of the type being issued under the Programme generally 
or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that rating.] 
 
[Such credit rating[s] [has been] [are] issued by [a] credit rating agency[ies] established in the European Union, registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009 (as amended) and are 
included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the European 
Securities and Markets Authority's website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs).] 
3.   INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER  
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons 
involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement:  
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Dealer, so] [Offeror(s), so] [Dealer and Offerors(s), so] [So] far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Warrants has an interest material to the offer.]  
 
[Amend as appropriate if there are other interests and include references to the Manager(s) if the issue is syndicated and if 
applicable.]  
4.   REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
(i)   Use of proceeds: 
[Specify the use of proceeds] [Not Applicable] (If the issuer is 
aware that the estimated proceeds will not be sufficient to 
finance all intended uses, indicate the amount and source of 
the necessary additional funds). 
 
[NB: Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds must be 
specified in case of Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange] 
(ii)    Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] [Not Applicable]  
(iii)   Estimated total expenses: 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(fees should be broken down according to the main intended 
uses, in descending order of priority) 
5.   PERFORMANCE OF FORMULA, EXPLANATION OF EFFECT ON VALUE OF INVESTMENT  
[[Not Applicable] [Need to include a clear and comprehensive explanation of how the value of the investment is affected by the 
underlying and the circumstances when the risks are most evident.]  
 
[Information on the Underlying, its volatility and its past and future performance can be obtained, [gratuitously]/[on a paying 
basis], from [●]/[give details of the electronic means of obtaining details of the performance.]  
 
[Information on the Index, its volatility and past and future performance can be obtained, [free of charge]/[for a fee], from 
[●]/[give details of electronic means of obtaining details of the performance.]]  
  
6.   OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)    Security identification code(s): 
 
[ISIN code: 
[Insert the code]  
[-    Common code: 
[Insert the code]]

--- Page 115 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
115 
[-    Temporary ISIN code: 
[Insert the code]] 
[-    Temporary Common code: 
[Insert the code]] 
[-    Swiss security number (Valoren number): 
[Insert the Swiss security number]] 
[-   [Insert other security 
identification code] 
[Insert the code]] 
[Add as many lines as necessary] 
 
(ii) Clearing System(s): 
give name(s) and address(es) of the relevant clearing 
system(s) and, if required, relevant identification number(s)] 
[Not applicable] 
(iii) Delivery of Warrants: 
Delivery [against] [free of] payment  
(iv) Calculation Agent: 
[Societe 
Generale] 
[Specify 
any 
successor] 
[Specify 
Calculation Agent's address for the purposes of [English law: 
Condition 16.3] [French law: Condition 15.3] of the General 
Terms and Conditions]  
 
(v) Paying Agent(s): 
[Give name(s) and address(es) 
of Paying Agent(s) (including 
any additional agents under 
Condition [10]/[10] of the 
General Terms and 
Conditions)]  
 
[If EUI Warrants: [specify]]  
 
[If French Law Warrants: 
[specify]] 
  
[If Warrants held through 
Iberclear: [specify]]  
 
[If Uncertificated Warrants: 
[specify]]  
7.   DISTRIBUTION 
 (i) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] [Non-syndicated] 
[If syndicated: 
Names [and addresses and underwriting commitments]* of Managers: 
[Not  applicable] [give names 
[and 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments]* of 
Managers] 
Date of Syndication Agreement: 
[Not applicable] [give date] 
[If non-syndicated: 
Name(s) [and addresses and any underwriting commitment] of the Dealer(s): 
[Not  applicable] [give names 
[and 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments]* of 
Dealers] 
   (ii) Total commission and concession: 
[[●] per cent. of the aggregate 
Notional Amount] [There is no 
commission and/or concession 
paid by the Issuer to the 
[Dealer] [or the] [Managers] 
[Not applicable] [Specify other]] 
   (iii) Non-exempt Offer Consent of the Issuer to use the Base Prospectus during the 
Offer Period: 
[Not applicable] [A Non-exempt 
Offer of the Warrants may be 
made by [the Managers] [the

--- Page 116 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
116 
Dealer] 
[and] 
[any 
Initial 
Authorised 
Offeror 
below 
mentioned] [,any Additional 
Authorised Offeror, the name 
and address of whom will be 
published 
on the 
following 
website of the Issuer [specify 
(http://prospectus.socgen.com)] 
[and] 
any 
[other] 
financial 
intermediaries to whom the 
Issuer gives a General Consent 
(the 
General 
Authorised 
Offerors)] in the Non-exempt 
Offer 
jurisdiction(s) 
(Non-
exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s)) 
during the offer period (Offer 
Period) as specified in the 
paragraph 
"Terms 
and 
Conditions of the Offer" below.] 
- 
Individual 
Consent 
/ 
Name(s) 
and 
address(es) 
of 
any 
Initial 
Authorised 
Offeror: 
[Not 
applicable] 
[Applicable 
[Insert the name and address of 
any initial authorised offeror]]] 
- 
General 
Consent/ 
Other 
conditions 
to consent: 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
[Insert any other condition to 
consent if relevant]  
   (iv) U.S. federal income tax considerations 
[Insert 
if 
the 
Issuer 
has 
determined that the Warrants 
are NOT Specified Warrants: 
The Warrants are not Specified 
Warrants for purposes of the 
Section 871(m) Regulations.]  
 
[Insert 
if 
the 
Issuer 
has 
determined that the Warrants 
are Specified Warrants: 
The Issuer has determined that 
these Warrants substantially 
replicates 
the 
economic 
performance of one or more 
U.S. Underlying Equities [(and 
as such, for the purposes of IRS 
Notice 2020-2, such Warrants 
are deemed to be “delta-one” 
Warrants and are therefore 
Specified 
Warrants 
for 
purposes of the Section 871(m) 
Regulations. 
Additional 
information 
regarding 
the 
application 
of 
the 
Section 
871(m) Regulations on the 
Warrants is available on request 
at 
Societe 
Generale 
by 
contacting [specify the relevant 
email address].  
 
[Section 871(m) Regulations’ 
withholding tax will be at a rate 
of [●] per cent. and will be 
withheld by [specify].]

--- Page 117 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
117 
[Insert 
if 
the 
Issuer 
has 
determined that Warrants are 
Zero 
Estimated 
Dividends 
Securities: 
The Issuer 
has 
determined that these Warrants 
are Zero Estimated Dividends 
Securities and as such, for the 
purposes of Treas. Reg. § 
1.871-15(i)(2)(iii)), 
the 
withholding tax to be applied to 
this Warrant is zero.] 
 
[Insert if the Section 871(m) 
determination cannot be made 
on the date of the Final Terms: 
This information is indicative 
and will be updated based on 
circumstances at the time 
the Warrants are issued.]  
 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not applicable][Not 
Applicable, the Notes will not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any investor in the 
European Economic Area.] 
 
(If the Warrants clearly do not 
constitute "packaged" products 
or the Warrants do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key 
information document will be 
prepared, or on or after that 
date 
and 
the 
Warrants 
constitute "packaged" products 
for which a key information 
document will be prepared, "Not 
applicable" should be specified. 
If the Warrants may constitute 
"packaged" products and no 
key information document will 
be prepared or if the Issuer 
wants to prohibit offers to EEA 
retail investors for any other 
reason, "Applicable" should be 
specified)]  
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(If 
the 
Warrants 
do 
not 
constitute “packaged” products 
or the Warrants do constitute 
“packaged” products and a key 
information document will be 
prepared, 
“Not 
Applicable” 
should be specified. If Warrants 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products and no KID will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified. For the purpose of 
the 
above, 
a 
“packaged” 
product 
shall 
designate 
a 
“packaged 
retail 
investment 
product” 
which 
means, 
in 
accordance 
with 
Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 of 26 
November 2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the 
European 
Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018, 
an

--- Page 118 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
118 
investment, where, regardless 
of the legal form 
of 
the 
investment, 
the 
amount 
repayable to the retail investor 
is 
subject 
to 
fluctuations 
because 
of 
exposure 
to 
reference values or to the 
performance of one or more 
assets which are not directly 
purchased by the retail investor)  
(vii) [Name and address of the entity or the entities which have a firm commitment to 
act as intermediary(ies) in secondary trading, providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of its or their commitment: 
[specify]] 
[If  the Warrants are linked to an Advised SGI Index or to a Dynamic Portfolio AND the Issuer elects NOT to apply IRS U.S. Person 
definition, insert the following paragraph: 
[(viii)]  Regulation S U.S. Person 
[Applicable] 
[If the Warrants are neither linked to an Advised SGI Index nor to a Dynamic Portfolio AND the Issuer elects to also apply IRS 
U.S. Person definition, insert the following paragraph: 
[(ix)] Regulation S U.S. Person AND IRS U.S. Person  
[Applicable] 
 
8.   TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
[NB: This paragraph applies only in respect of any public offer of Warrants which is not made pursuant to an exemption to publish 
a prospectus under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
[Not applicable]  
[If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs]  
- Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction(s): 
[Specify Relevant State(s) – 
which must be jurisdictions in 
which the Base Prospectus and 
any supplements have been 
passported] 
- Offer Period: 
From [specify] to [specify]  
- Offer Price: 
[[The Warrants will be offered at 
the Issue Price [which will be a 
percentage 
subject 
to 
a 
maximum 
of 
[insert 
percentage]], [represented by a 
distribution fee payable upfront 
by 
the 
Issuer 
to 
the 
Distributor[s]]. to be published 
by 
the 
Issuer 
on 
http://prospectus.socgen.com 
at the latest on the Issue Date.]  
 
[The Warrants will be offered at 
the market price which: 
 
-   will be determined by the 
Dealer on a daily basis [in 
accordance 
with 
market 
conditions 
then 
prevailing 
including the current market 
price of the Underlying(s);] [and] 
-    [will evolve between the 
Issue Date and the last day of 
the Offer Period on a linear 
basis in such way equal to

--- Page 119 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
119 
[insert percentage] on the last 
day of the Offer Period; and  
-    will be provided by the Dealer 
to any Warrantholder upon 
request.] 
 
[The Warrants issued on the 
Issue 
Date 
will 
be 
fully 
subscribed by the Dealer and 
thereafter offered by way of a 
non-exempt offer to the public in 
the secondary market[, at the 
Issue Price, during the Offer 
Period.] 
 
The Offer Price will evolve at a 
rate of [specify percentage] 
between the 
[Issue Date][specify] and 
[specify] in order to reach 
[specify the maximum level 
that can be reached by the 
Offer Price during the Offer 
Period] on [specify] in 
accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
Offer Price (t) = OfferPriceBase 
x (1 + ConvergencePercentage 
x Nb(t) / 360) 
 
Where : 
 
OfferPriceBase 
means 
[specify]; and 
 
ConvergencePercentage 
means [specify]; and 
 
Nb(t) means the number of 
calendar days between the 
Issue Date (included) and the 
date "t"  (included) on which the 
value of Warrants is calculated.] 
 
[The Warrants will be offered at 
the market price which will be 
determined by the Dealer on a 
continuous basis in accordance 
with the market conditions then 
prevailing. 
 
Depending 
on 
market 
conditions, the offer price shall 
be equal, higher or lower than 
the Issue Price of the Warrants.] 
 
[The [Issuer][Dealer] will 
publish the price at which the 
warrants are offered on [insert 
relevant websites on which the 
Offer Price will be published].]  
 
[The [Issue Price] [price] is also 
increased by fees [specify].] 
- Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not applicable] [Offers of the 
Warrants are conditional [on 
their issue [only applicable to 
offers during the subscription 
period]] [on any additional

--- Page 120 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
120 
conditions set out in the 
standard terms of business of 
the Financial Intermediaries, 
notified to investors by such 
relevant Financial 
Intermediaries][specify any 
other applicable conditions]]  
- Description of the application process: 
[Not applicable] [Give details] 
 
[NB: Not applicable unless full 
application process is being 
followed in relation to the issue]  
- Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable] [Give details] 
- Details of the method and time limits for paying up and delivering the Warrants: 
[The Warrants will be issued on 
the Issue Date against 
payment to the Issuer of the 
net subscription moneys.] [The 
settlement and delivery of the 
Warrants will be executed 
through [Specify].] [Investors 
will be notified by [Specify] of 
their allocations of Warrants 
and the settlement 
arrangements in respect 
thereof.] [The Warrants will be 
delivered on any day during the 
offer by payment of the 
purchase price by the 
Warrantholders to the [relevant 
Financial 
Intermediary][Issuer].][Specify 
other]  
 
- Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable] [Describe the 
arrangements and time for 
announcing to the public the 
definitive amount of the offer]  
- The different categories of potential investors to whom the Warrants are offered  
 
[●] 
 
- Whether Issue(s) has/have been reserved for certain countries: 
[Not applicable] [Give details] 
- Process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before notification is made: 
[Not applicable] [Give details] 
 
[NB: Not applicable unless 
full application process is 
being followed in relation to 
the issue] 
- Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not applicable]/[Detail] (If the 
Issuer is subject to MiFID II 
and/or the PRIIPS Regulation, it 
is necessary to include the 
charges that are included in the 
price, to the extent that they are 
known)] 
9.   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Minimum investment in the Warrants:  
[specify] [Not applicable]  
[Minimum trading number]: 
[specify] [Not applicable]  
10.    PUBLIC OFFERS IN SWITZERLAND 
[If  structured products publicly offered in Switzerland, add: Applicable, i.e. the Warrants may be offered publicly in Switzerland.]

--- Page 121 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
121 
 
[In any other case, add: Not Applicable] 
11.    EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Benchmark: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable]  
 
[Amounts payable under the 
Warrants will be calculated by 
reference 
to 
the 
relevant 
Benchmark which is provided 
by the relevant Administrator, 
as specified in the table below. 
 
As at the date of these Final 
Terms, 
the 
relevant 
Administrator appears/ does not 
appear, as the case may be, on 
the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established 
and 
maintained 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmark 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011), as amended (the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation), 
as specified in the table below. 
 
If 
“Does 
not 
appear 
and 
exempted” is specified in the 
table below, it means that the 
relevant Administrator does not 
fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation 
by 
virtue of Article 2 of that 
regulation. 
 
If “Does not appear and non-
exempted” is specified in the 
table below, it means that, as far 
as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that the 
relevant Administrator is not 
currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration. 
 
[For the following table, add as many lines as necessary] 
 
Benchmark 
Administrator 
Register 
[Insert the name of 
Benchmark] 
[Insert the name of 
Administrator] 
[Appears] 
[Does not appear 
and exempted] 
[Does not appear 
and non-exempted]

--- Page 122 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
122 
 
 
ANNEX FOR CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS 
(This Annex forms a part of the Final Terms to which it is attached) 
 
[Insert the following table if the "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "Single Name Warrants" : 
Reference Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Reference 
Obligation 
[Seniority] 
[Seniority 
Level] 
[●] 
[●][Insert as 
per the 
definition of 
Transaction 
Type in the 
Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions 
for Credit 
Linked 
Warrants]  
 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation:  
Applicable] 
or [●] 
[●]] 
[For the following tables, add as many lines as necessary: 
Insert the following table if the "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "First-to-
Default Warrants" : 
 
Reference Portfolio: 
Reference Entities Transaction Type Reference Obligation 
[Seniority] 
[Seniority Level] 
[●] 
[●][Insert as per 
the definition of 
Transaction Type 
in the Additional 
Terms and 
Conditions for 
Credit Linked 
Warrants]  
 
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Applicable] or [●] 
[●]] 
 
[Insert the following table if the "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "Basket Warrants" or "Tranche Warrants": 
 
[Insert the following if "Basket Warrants" or "Tranche Warrants"  and the Reference Portfolio is made up of the constituents of an 
index: 
 
Index: [●] 
 
Source: [●] 
 
Annex Date: [●]] 
 
Reference Portfolio: 
Reference Entities Transaction Type 
Reference 
Entity  
Weighting 
Reference  
Obligation 
[Seniority] 
[Seniority Level] 
[●] 
[●][Insert as per the 
definition of Transaction 
Type in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Warrants]  
[Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Applicable] 
or [●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
[For all types of Warrants (for Basket Warrants or First-to-Default Warrants where there is more than one Transaction Type, split the 
column "Transaction Type" into the relevant number of columns):  
 
[For Single Name Warrants : Terms applicable to the Reference Entity are the ones specified in the tables below for the Transaction 
Type of such Reference Entity as determined in the table above.]

--- Page 123 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
123 
 
[For Basket Warrants, Tranche Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants : Terms applicable to a Reference Entity are the ones specified 
in the tables below for the Transaction Type of such Reference Entity as determined in the table above.] 
 
In the tables below, "X" means "Applicable" [conversely, when left in blank, means "Not Applicable"]. 
 
Credit Events and related options 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Bankruptcy 
[X] 
Failure to Pay 
[X] 
Grace Period Extension 
[X] 
Notice of Publicly Available Information 
[X] 
Payment Requirement  
[[X] (USD 1,000,000)]  
[[X] ([●])] 
Obligation Default 
[X] 
Obligation Acceleration 
[X] 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
[X] 
Restructuring 
[X] 
Mod R 
[X] 
Mod Mod R 
[X] 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
[X] 
Default Requirement  
[[X] (USD 10,000,000)]  
[[X] ([●])] 
All Guarantees 
[X] 
Governmental Intervention 
[X] 
Financial Reference Entity Terms 
[X] 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms 
[X] 
2014 Coco Supplement 
[X] 
No Asset Package Delivery 
[X] 
Senior Non-Preferred Supplement 
[X] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement 
[X] 
Fallback Discounting 
[X] 
[Business Days (for the purposes of the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Credit Linked Warrants)] 
[Specify for the purposes of Condition 2of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants] 
Obligation Category 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Payment 
[X] 
Borrowed Money 
[X] 
Reference Obligation Only 
[X] 
Bond 
[X] 
Loan 
[X] 
Bond or Loan 
[X]

--- Page 124 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
124 
Obligation Characteristics 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Not Subordinated 
[X] 
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies 
[X] 
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies and Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Sovereign Lender 
[X] 
Not Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Domestic Law 
[X] 
Listed 
[X] 
Not Domestic Issuance 
[X] 
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation Category 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Payment 
[X] 
Borrowed Money 
[X] 
Reference Obligation Only 
[X] 
Bond 
[X] 
Loan 
[X] 
Bond or Loan 
[X] 
[Deliverable] [Selected] Obligation Characteristics 
[Insert Transaction Type] 
Not Subordinated 
[X] 
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies 
[X] 
Specified Currency - Standard Specified Currencies and Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Sovereign Lender 
[X] 
Not Domestic Currency 
[X] 
Not Domestic Law 
[X] 
Listed 
[X] 
Assignable Loan 
[X] 
Consent Required Loan 
[X] 
Transferable 
[X] 
Not Bearer 
[X] 
Maximum Maturity: 30 Years 
[X] 
Not Domestic Issuance 
[X] 
Accelerated or Matured 
[X]

--- Page 125 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
125 
 
 
ANNEX FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED WARRANTS 
(This Annex forms a part of the Final Terms to which it is attached) 
 
 
Initial composition of the Portfolio 
 
-    If the initial Portfolio comprises no Portfolio Component and if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as “Applicable” in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
 
The Portfolio is invested in cash only as of Valuation(0). 
 
-    Otherwise 
 
k 
Portfolio 
Component 
(k) 
Bloomberg 
Ticker 
Basket  
Component 
Type 
Portfolio  
Component 
[Unfunded  
Component] 
Portfolio 
Component 
Currency 
(k)  
[FX 
Hedge] 
[FXRatio] 
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…] 
[Specify name of 
Portfolio 
Component (k)] 
[Specify ticker] [Index] 
[Share] 
[ETF Share] 
[Fund] 
[Single 
Commodity] 
[Single Debt] 
[Single 
Derivatives] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Basket 
Component-
] 
 [Equity 
Instrument] 
[Commodity 
Instrument]  
[Debt      
Instrument]  
[Derivatives 
Instrument]]  
[Market 
Data] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
currency] 
[Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
ratio] 
 
 
 
k 
[Reference 
Price] 
[DistRate 
(k,t)] 
[Q(k,0)] 
[RateLong 
(k,t)] 
[RateShort 
(k,t)] 
[RepoRate 
Long( 
k,t)] 
[RepoRate 
Short 
(k,t)] 
[Specify 
k=1,2,3,…] 
[Closing Price 
[Fixing Price] 
[Specify  
ReferenceFixing 
Time] 
[TWAP][Specify 
TWAPStartTime 
and 
TWAPEndTime] 
[VWAP][Specify 
VWAPStartTime 
and 
VWAPEndTime] 
[Opening Price] 
[Best Effort] 
[Bid-Ask 
Spread][Specify 
SpreadMidAsk 
and 
SpreadBidMid] 
[Specify 
rate. Rates 
may be 
fixed or 
variable 
over time, 
they may 
also be 
computed 
as a spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or rates 
determined 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify 
initial 
quantity] 
[Specify 
rate. Rates 
may be 
fixed or 
variable 
over time, 
they may 
also be 
computed 
as a spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or rates 
determined 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be 
fixed or variable 
over time, they 
may also be 
computed as a 
spread between 
rates and/or be 
a rate or 
combination or 
rates 
determined by 
the Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify 
rate. Rates 
may be 
fixed or 
variable 
over time, 
they may 
also be 
computed 
as a spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or rates 
determined 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent] 
[Specify 
rate. Rates 
may be 
fixed or 
variable 
over time, 
they may 
also be 
computed 
as a spread 
between 
rates and/or 
be a rate or 
combination 
or rates 
determined 
by the 
Calculation 
Agent 
 
k 
[ExecCostRateIn  
k,t)]  
[ExecCostRateOut( 
k,t)] 
[ExecAddOnRate( 
k,t)] 
[InitialWeight 
(k)] 
[S(k,0)] 
[Specify k=1,2,3,…] 
[Specify rate. 
Rates may 
be fixed or  
variable over time, 
they  
may also be  
computed as  
a spread  
between rates  
and/or be a  
[Specify rate. 
Rates may 
be fixed or  
variable over  
time, they  
may also be  
computed as  
a spread  
between rates  
and/or be a  
[Specify rate. 
Rates may be  
fixed or  
variable over  
time, they  
may also be  
computed as  
a spread  
between rates  
and/or be a  
[Specify InitialWeight] [Specify initial  
level  
of 
Portfolio 
Component 
(k)]

--- Page 126 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
126 
rate or  
combination  
of rates  
determined  
by the  
Calculation  
Agent] 
rate or  
combination  
of rates  
determined by  
the Calculation  
Agent] 
rate or  
combination  
of rates  
determined by  
the  
Calculation  
Agent] 
 
Parameters and elections relating to the Portfolio 
 
Scheduled Calculation Dates  
[Specify the scheduled computation dates of the Portfolio Level] 
 
[Restriking Date(s)  
[Specify the dates]] 
 
[Elections relating to the Portfolio] 
 
 [Crash Put Costs Calculation   
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Dynamic Fx-hedge 
 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
Dynamic Portfolio 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Excess Return  
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting    
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Quanto Option  
 [Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Reinvestment Method   
[Individual Components] [Cash Bucket] [Portfolio]] 
 
[Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
[Weight Reset   
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
 
   
[Parameters relating to the Portfolio] 
 
[DDIMPLong  
 
[Specify the percentage]] 
[DDIMPShort  
 
[Specify the percentage]] 
[DDLS  
 
[Specify the percentage]] 
[GearingInfLong    
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingInfShort   
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingSupLong  
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GearingSupShort  
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[GrossGearingSup 
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[Lag   
 
[Specify the number]] 
[PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime   
[Specify relevant fixing time]] 
 
[PortfolioFXSource    
[Specify relevant foreign exchange rate source]] 
[Portfolio Currency   
[specify currency]] 
 
[PL(0)  
[Specify the initial level of the Portfolio]] 
 
[RateLong(t) 
[Specify relevant rate]] 
 
[RateShort(t) 
[Specify relevant rate]] 
 
[Reference Price 
[Specify relevant reference price]] 
 
[TimeBasis  
 
[360] [365] [specify other]]

--- Page 127 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
127 
[TargetGearingLong 
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[TargetGearingShort  
 
[Specify relevant gearing percentage]] 
[Weight Reset Date(s)  
[Specify the dates]] 
 
 
[if Dynamic Portfolio is “Applicable”, specify the following: 
 
Communication Deadline 
 
[Specify relevant communication deadline] 
[ExecCostRateIn(k,t)    
 
 [Specify the percentage][if ExecCostRateIn per Market, specify 
the percentages per Market]] 
[ExecCostRateOut(k,t)     
[Specify the percentage][if ExecCostRateOut per Market, specify 
the percentages per Market]] 
 
[ExecAddOnRate(k,t)    
 [Specify the percentage][if ExecAddOnRate per Market, specify 
the percentages per Market]] 
 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria 
[In order for the Portfolio to remain eligible as Underlying of the 
Warrants, the Portfolio and Portfolio Components shall comply with 
each of the following criteria, unless otherwise waived by the 
Calculation Agent:] [Specify the list of Applicable Portfolio Eligibility 
Criteria in relation to the Portfolio, in particular in accordance with 
Condition 3.5 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio 
Linked Warrants] 
Portfolio Publication Website  
[specify the website on which information related to the Portfolio 
and Modifications will be published in accordance with the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants] 
Review Date 
[Specify the relevant review dates in respect of Modifications] 
Rebalancing Date 
[Specify the relevant rebalancing dates in respect of Modifications] 
[Target Exposure Implementation Date 
 
[Specify]] 
[TCR(k,t)  
 
[Specify the percentage] [if TCR per Market,  
specify the percentages per Market]  
 
[if TCR per Reference Price,  
specify the percentages per Reference Price]] 
[Theoretical Communication Deadline  
[Specify relevant theoretical communication deadline]] 
Weighting Advisor  
[specify identity and details in accordance with the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked  Warrants]]

--- Page 128 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
128 
 
[ANNEX FOR SGI INDEX RULES 
(This Annex forms a part of the Final Terms to which it is attached) 
 
(If the Warrants are linked to an SGI Index, the Issuer should annex the Index Rules of such SGI Index to the applicable final 
terms)]

--- Page 129 ---
Form of the Final Terms 
129 
 
[ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY: 
 
(If the Warrants are Non-exempt Offers and/or are expected to be admitted to trading on a regulated market, the Issuer should 
annex the issue specific summary to the applicable final terms having completed the relevant Elements by deletion of non relevant 
information and inserting any information to be completed in accordance with the specific conditions of the Warrants)]

--- Page 130 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
130 
 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW WARRANTS 
 
The following general terms and conditions applicable to every Issue of Warrants to be issued under English law (the General Terms 
and Conditions), with, if applicable, the additional terms and conditions (the Additional Terms and Conditions) constitute the terms 
and conditions of the Warrants (the Terms and Conditions) and will be attached to or incorporated by reference into each Global 
Warrant  and each Definitive Warrant in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if 
any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant purchaser(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such 
Definitive Warrant will have endorsed upon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. 
 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Warrants  will complete the following General Terms and Conditions for the purpose of 
such Warrants (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Uncertificated Warrant). The applicable Final Terms (as defined below) (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed on, attached to or incorporated by reference into, each Global Warrant and Definitive 
Warrant  and shall be deemed to apply to Uncertificated Warrants.  
 
References herein to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the final terms (Final Terms) prepared based on the “Form of Final 
Terms”.  
 
References herein to the Additional Terms and Conditions are to Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae for  Warrants, 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured  Warrants,  Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and 
Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants,  Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked  Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions 
for SGI Index Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants,  Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants, Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked  Warrants, Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions 
for ETF Linked Warrants and ETP Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Non-Equity Security Linked Warrants, 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants,  Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants, 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Fixed Leveraged and Turbo 
Warrants and Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that one or more of the Additional Terms and Conditions  from Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Share Linked  Warrants to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants apply, then the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Warrants will also apply  including the provisions relating to any market disruption (Market Disruption 
Events)  or extraordinary events (Extraordinary Events) and details of the consequences of such events. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Secured  Warrants Provisions" are “applicable”, then the provisions of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants, which contain provisions relating to disruption events (including, without limitation 
and where necessary, appropriate definitions of Collateral Disruption Event and Collateral Settlement Disruption and details of 
the consequences of such events), shall apply. 
 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable) and the EUI 
Agency Agreement (where applicable), (all as defined below) or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in these General Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided 
that, in the event of any inconsistency between the Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable) or 
the EUI Agency Agreement (where applicable)  and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
 
References herein to (i) Tranche means Warrants which are identical in all respects, and (ii)  Issue means a Tranche of Warrants,  
together in each case with any further Tranche or Tranches  or Issue of Warrants which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and 
form a single series or issue and (b) identical in all respects except for their respective Issue Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
 
References herein to (i) the Issuer shall be references to the issuer specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (as defined above) 
and, in the case of any substitution of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12, the Substituted Obligor as defined in Condition 
12 and (ii) the Guarantor shall mean Societe Generale in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee (as defined in Condition 
2.3) in respect of any Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten. Accordingly, references herein to the Guarantor are applicable 
only in the context of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten. 
 
All Warrants issued by Societe Generale or SG Effekten will be described as "Unsecured" in the Final Terms applicable to such 
Warrants and all Warrants issued by SG Issuer will be described as "Unsecured" or "Secured" in the Final Terms applicable to such 
Warrants. 
 
References herein to, Underlying shall mean, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Share and/or a Depositary Receipt and/or 
an Index and/or an SGI Index and/or a Reference Rate and/or a Foreign Exchange Rate and/or a Commodity and/or a Commodity 
Index and/or a Fund and/or a Reference Entity and/or a CDS Spread and/or an Inflation Index and/or a Bond and/or an ETF and/or 
an ETP and/or a Non Equity Security and/or Future and/or a Portfolio and/or a Dividend or a basket and/or combination thereof (each 
as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant Underlying). 
 
References herein to Warrants are to Warrants of one Issue only, and not to all Warrants under the Programme and shall mean :

--- Page 131 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
131 
(a) any global Warrant representing Warrants in bearer or registered form (a Bearer Global Warrant or a Registered Global 
Warrant, respectively, and each a Global Warrant); 
 
(b) any Warrants in bearer form (Bearer Warrants) represented by a Bearer Global Warrant; 
 
(c ) any Warrants (other than Uncertificated Warrants) in registered form (Registered Warrants) represented by a Registered Global 
Warrant; 
 
(d)  any Warrants in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form (Uncertificated Warrants);  
 
(e)  any definitive Warrants in registered form (Definitive Registered Warrants) whether or not such Definitive Registered Warrant 
is issued in exchange for a Registered Global Warrant or a Bearer Global Warrant, 
 
(the English Law Warrants). 
 
Uncertificated Warrants as used above shall mean : 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, Uncertificated SIS Warrants , EUI Warrants,Uncertificated Italian Warrants, Uncertificated Spanish 
Warrants, each as defined below. 
 
Warrants may be:  
 
(i) Formula-Linked Warrants, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and in each such case the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae shall apply; or  
 
(ii) Fixed Leverage Warrants or Turbo Warrants, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and in each such case the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants shall apply;  
 
and, where applicable, Warrants may be Open-ended Warrants (if specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
 
Warrants will, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, have a notional amount which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the Notional Amount).  
 
A holder of Warrants or Warrantholders shall mean the several persons who are for the time being the bearers of Bearer  Warrants 
as the case may be, and the registered holders of Registered Warrants further defined in Condition 1.1.1 and Condition 1.1.2 below. 
 
The holder of an Uncertificated Warrant  will be the person appearing in the relevant registers in accordance with the legislation, rules 
and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, the relevant securities depositary and clearing institution and the terms "holder of  the 
Warrants" and “Warrantholder”shall be construed accordingly. Uncertificated Warrants will only be transferable in accordance with 
such legislation, rules and regulations. 
 
Save as set out below, the Warrants  have the benefit of an agency agreement dated 4 June 2021 (the Agency Agreement, which 
expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time) and made between, amongst others, Societe Generale, SG Issuer or SG Effekten (each an Issuer and together the 
Issuers), the Guarantor (as defined below), Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. as principal paying agent, registrar, transfer agent 
and exchange agent (in such respective capacities, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent and the 
Exchange Agent, respectively, which expressions shall include, in each case, any additional or successor principal paying agent or 
registrar or any other transfer agent or exchange agent appointed from time to time and specified in the applicable Final Terms) and 
the other paying agents named therein (such paying agents, together with the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar, the Paying 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents appointed from time to time). 
  
The Calculation Agent with respect to a Tranche of  Warrants will be Societe Generale (or any successor thereto), as designated in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer Agent, the Exchange Agent and, unless the context otherwise requires, the Settlement 
Agent and the Calculation Agent (both as defined in Condition 11) shall be referred to collectively hereunder as the Agents. 
 
In connection with Uncertificated Warrants unless the context otherwise requires and except insofar as the terms defined in the 
Agency Agreement are incorporated by reference herein, any reference herein to the Agency Agreement will be construed, mutatis 
mutandis, as a reference to the agency agreement(s) entered into with respect to such Uncertificated Warrants (and references herein 
to the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent(s) or the Calculation Agent shall be construed accordingly) as described below : 
 
- Any issue of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants (as defined below) will have the benefit of a master issuing and paying agency 
agreement concluded between the Issuers as issuers and Skandinaviska Enskilda Barken, as agent which shall be designated in the 
applicable Final Terms (the SEB  Agency Agreement) which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement 
as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time).  
 
- Any issue of EUI Warrants (as defined below) will have the benefit of an EUI agency agreement (the EUI Agency Agreement, which 
expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from 
time to time) between amongst others the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Agents and the agents named therein, which shall be designated 
in the applicable Final Terms in respect of EUI Warrants (the EUI Agent).

--- Page 132 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
132 
 
Any issue of Uncertificated Spanish Warrants which are held through Iberclear will have Societe Generale, Sucursal España as 
Paying Agent.  
 
Any issue of Uncertificated Italian Warrants which are held through Monte Titoli will have Societe Generale, Societe Generale Milan 
branch as Paying Agent. 
 
Any issue of Uncertificated Swiss Warrants  (as defined below)  and other English Law Warrants  listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, will 
have the benefit of a Swiss paying agency agreement (the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, which expression shall be construed 
as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) between the 
Issuers, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents (except the Registrar), the principal Swiss paying agent and the other Swiss paying agents 
(if any) (the Principal Swiss Paying Agent and the Swiss Paying Agents, respectively, and the term Paying Agent as defined above 
shall include such Principal Swiss Paying Agent and the Swiss Paying Agent). The form of the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement is 
scheduled to the Agency Agreement. 
 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to a SIS Warrant shall be references to a Warrant, which is, or is intended to 
be, deposited or registered with and cleared through SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes 
by SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or any such intermediary, the Intermediary)) and is either a Bearer Warrant (a Bearer SIS Warrant which 
term includes CHF SIS Warrants and Other SIS Warrants) or an Uncertificated Warrant (an Uncertificated SIS Warrant). SIS Warrants 
may be denominated in Swiss Francs or other currencies approved by the Intermediary. The applicable Final Terms will indicate 
whether SIS Warrants are CHF SIS Warrants, Other SIS Warrants (each as defined below) or Uncertificated SIS Warrants. In the 
case of SIS Warrants, no printing of definitive Warrants will occur (except as provided herein with respect to Bearer SIS Warrants 
only). 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear and/or MonteTitoli (each as defined below)  shall, whenever 
the context so permits, (i) be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms  which is approved by the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Principal Paying Agent (if applicable), the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Warrants only) and, in the case of Warrants listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is acceptable 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and, in the case of Warrants listed on the Italian Stock Exchange, which is acceptable to the 
Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), and (ii) shall, in relation to Uncertificated Warrants, include the relevant securities 
depositary and clearing institution which is, in relation to Uncertificated SIS Warrants or other English Law Warrants listed on SIX 
Swiss Exchange Ltd. (SIX Swiss Exchange), SIX SIS Ltd, the Swiss securities services corporation (SIS) or any other clearing 
institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange, in relation to Uncertificated Nordic  Warrants, the 
relevant securities depositary and clearing institution, including, without limitation, Euroclear Sweden AB (Euroclear Sweden), 
Euroclear Finland Ltd (Euroclear Finland), Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Oslo)(the VPS), VP Securities A/S (VP 
Securities), and in relation to EUI Warrants, Euroclear UK and Ireland (EUI). 
 
Any reference herein to Physical Delivery Warrant shall mean any Series of Warrants that are linked to Deliverable Asset(s) (as 
defined in Condition 5.12) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Any references in these General Terms and Conditions to Uncertificated Swedish Warrants shall be references to Uncertificated  
Warrants  settled through Euroclear Sweden, any references to Uncertificated Finnish Warrants shall be references to 
Uncertificated Warrants   settled through Euroclear Finland, any references to Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants shall be 
references to Uncertificated Warrants settled through VPS and any references to Uncertificated Danish Warrants shall be 
references to Uncertificated Warrants settled through VP Securities. Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Finnish 
Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants, and Uncertificated Danish Warrants shall, together, mean the Uncertificated Nordic 
Warrants.  
 
Any references in these General Terms and Conditions to Uncertificated Italian Warrants shall be references to Uncertificated 
Warrants settled through Monte Titoli. 
  
Any references in the General Terms and Conditions to Uncertificated Spanish Warrants shall be references to Uncertificated 
Warrants settled through Iberclear.  
 
Any references in these General Terms and Conditions to Uncertificated SIS Warrants shall be references to Uncertificated Warrants 
settled through SIS or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such purposes by SIX Swiss Exchange (SIS or any 
such intermediary, the Intermediary).   
 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), the EUI Agency Agreement (where 
applicable), the SEB Agency Agreement (where applicable), the Guarantee (where applicable) and the Deed of Covenant (defined 
below) are available for inspection during normal business hours from the head office of each of the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, 
the Guarantor and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for 
viewing at www.luxse.com and copies may be obtained from the head office of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents save that, if this Warrant  is (i) an Exempt Offer Warrant (as defined below) or (ii) an 
Exempted Swiss Public Offer Warrant, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Warrantholder holding one or more 
such Warrants and such Warrantholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer, and, if applicable, the Guarantor 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity. (unless otherwise made available 
publicly by the Issuer). The Warrantholders  are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), the EUI Agency Agreement (where applicable), the 
SEB Agency Agreement (where applicable), the Guarantee (where applicable), the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 133 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
133 
The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement and, if 
applicable, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, the EUI Agency Agreement and the SEB Agency Agreement.  
 
In this section (a) Non-exempt Offer Warrant means any Warrant that is (i) offered to the public in the EEA other than pursuant to 
articles 1(4) or 3(2) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended or superseded (the Prospectus Regulation) or (ii) admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market in the EEA  for the purposes of article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, (b) Exempt Offer Warrant means 
any Warrant that is (i) offered to the public in the EEA only pursuant to articles 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA pursuant to article 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation and (c) Exempted Swiss Public 
Offer Warrant means any warrant that is not (i) offered to the public in Switzerland for the purposes of article 35 of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Financial Services (the FinSA) (except as specified under article 36(1) or article 37 of the FinSA) or (ii) admitted to trading on 
a trading venue in accordance with article 26(a) of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Market Infrastructures and Market Conduct in 
Securities and Derivatives Trading (except as specified under article 38 of the FinSA). 
 
In relation to a Global Warrant held on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, the Warrantholders are entitled to the benefit of the 
deed of covenant made as of 4 June 2021 (the Deed of Covenant) by the Issuers. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by 
the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream. 
 
In relation to Global Warrants held on behalf of Iberclear, the Warrantholders are entitled to the benefit of the deed of covenant (the 
Iberclear Deed of Covenant and, together with the ICSD Deed of Covenant, the Deeds of Covenant) by the Issuers. The original 
Iberclear Deed of Covenant is held by the depositary for Iberclear. 
 
 
1. FORM, TITLE, TRANSFER, CONVERSION  
 
1.1 Form and title 
 
The Warrants may be Bearer Warrants, Registered Warrants, Uncertificated Warrants or Definitive Warrants, in the Settlement 
Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
1.1.1    Bearer Warrants  
 
Each Issue of Bearer Warrants will be issued in the form of a Bearer Global Warrant to be delivered on or prior to the issue date of 
the Issue of Warrants to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and Clearstream.  
 
For so long as any of the Bearer Warrants is represented by a Global Warrant held on behalf of, Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) 
and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream), and/or a Depositary on behalf of Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemos de Registro, 
Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal (Iberclear), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream or Iberclear, 
as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear, as the holder 
of a particular number of Warrants (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream or Iberclear 
as to the number of Warrants standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the holder of such number of Warrants for 
all purposes other than with respect to the payment in respect of Warrants, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Global Warrant 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the holder of such number of Warrants in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Bearer Warrant (and the expressions “Warrantholder” "holder of Warrants" and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
 
1.1.2    Registered Warrants  
 
The issuance of a Tranche of Registered Warrants will be represented by a Registered Global Warrant. 
 
Persons holding beneficial interests in a Registered Global Warrant will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the 
circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of Definitive Registered Warrants. 
 
For so long as any of the Registered Warrants is represented by a Global Warrant held by a Common Depositary, on behalf of, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream), and/or a Depositary on behalf of Sociedad de 
Gestión de los Sistemos de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal (Iberclear), each person (other than 
Euroclear or Clearstream or Iberclear, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream and/or Iberclear, as entitled to a particular number of Warrants (in which regard any certificate or other document issued 
by Euroclear or Clearstream or Iberclear as to the number of Warrants standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the 
holder of such number of Warrants other than with respect to the payment or deliveries, for which purpose the registered holder of 
the relevant Registered Global Warrant shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Paying Agent as the holder of such 
number of Warrants in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Warrant (and the expressions “Warrantholder” 
and "holder of Warrants” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
 
1.1.3    Uncertificated Warrants  
 
Uncertificated Warrants (and each an Uncertificated Warrant) are in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form. No global 
or definitive Warrants will be issued in respect of Uncertificated Warrants and these General Terms and Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly.

--- Page 134 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
134 
 
1.1.3.1    EUI Warrants  
 
The Warrants may be held in registered uncertificated form in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, 
including any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the Regulations) (the EUI Warrants). The EUI Warrants 
are participating Securities for the purposes of the Regulations. Title to the EUI Warrants is recorded on the relevant Operator register 
of corporate Securities. The EUI Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall, in relation to the EUI Warrants, maintain a record of uncertificated 
corporate Securities in accordance with the records of Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (the 
Record) and shall procure that the Record is regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of corporate Securities in accordance 
with the rules and practices from time to time of the Operator. Subject to this requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being 
shown in the Record as the holder of a particular number of EUI Warrants shall be treated by the Issuer and the EUI Agent as the 
holder of such number of EUI Warrants for all purposes (and the expression EUI Warrantholder and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly), and (ii) neither the Issuer, the Guarantor nor the EUI Agent shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done 
or omitted to be done by it or on its behalf in reliance upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record which the EUI 
Agent maintains are in accordance with particulars entered in the Operator register of corporate Securities relating to the EUI 
Warrants.  
 
No provisions of these General Terms and Conditions, amended in accordance with any applicable Final Terms, shall (notwithstanding 
anything contained therein) apply or have effect to the extent that it is in any respect inconsistent with (i) the holding of title to EUI 
Warrants (ii) the transfer of title to EUI Warrants by means of a relevant system or (iii) the Regulations. Without prejudice to the 
generality of the preceding sentence and notwithstanding anything contained in these General Terms and Conditions or the applicable 
Final Terms, so long as the EUI Warrants are participating Securities, (a) any EUI Warrants which are not for the time being in all 
respects identical to, or do not for the time being have rights attached thereto identical in all respects to those attached to, other EUI 
Warrants of the same Issue of Warrants, as the case may be, shall be deemed to constitute a separate Issue of EUI Warrants, (b) 
the Operator register of corporate Securities relating to the EUI Warrants shall be maintained at all times in the United Kingdom, (c) 
the EUI Warrants may be issued in uncertificated form in accordance with and subject as provided in the Regulations; and (d) for the 
avoidance of doubt, these General Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms in relation to any EUI Warrants shall remain 
applicable notwithstanding that they are not endorsed on any certificate for such EUI Warrants. 
 
As used in relation to EUI Warrants, each of "Operator register of corporate Securities", "participating Securities", "record of 
uncertificated corporate Securities" and "relevant system" is as defined in the Regulations and the relevant "Operator" (as such term 
is used in the Regulations) is EUI (formerly CRESTCo. Limited) or any additional or alternative operator from time to time approved 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the EUI Agent in relation to the EUI Warrants and in accordance with the Regulations. Any reference 
herein to the Operator shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any such additional or alternative 
Operator from time to time and notified to the EUI Warrantholders. 
 
Any indication herein that the Operator "shall" do, or similar expression or phrase indicating that they are obliged to or will carry out 
any role or obligation described in these General Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, is 
given without any assumption by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the EUI Agent or the Calculation Agent, of responsibility  
or liability for the performance of the Operator. 
 
References in these General Terms and Conditions to “EUI Warrants” shall include, where the context admits, Depository Interests 
(as defined in the CREST Deed Poll) representing Warrants, issued by CREST Depository Limited subject to and in accordance with 
the CREST Deed Poll.  
 
References to the CREST Deed Poll are to the global deed poll dated 25 June 2001, as subsequently modified, supplemented and/or 
restated.  
 
1.1.3.2    Uncertificated Nordic Warrants  
 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants means the Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, the Uncertificated 
Norwegian Warrants and the Uncertificated Danish Warrants.  
 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants are issued in registered, dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form, cleared and settled 
through the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD in accordance with the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD Rules. 
All payments in respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants will be made through the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD in 
accordance with the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD Rules. No physical global temporary, permanent or definitive 
warrants will be issued in respect of the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants. 
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions:  
 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD Rules means in respect of each of the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, the relevant 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants Applicable Law including all relevant local laws regulations and operating procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants central Warrants Depositary from time to time (the Uncertificated Nordic 
Warrants CSD as defined below) designated as the relevant clearing system for the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants.  
 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants Applicable Law, means in respect of:  
- the Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fi. Laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time, and the Finnish Act on Book-
Entry Accounts (Fi. Laki arvo-osuustileistä 827/1991), as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time,

--- Page 135 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
135 
- the Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, the Swedish Central Securities Depositaries and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) as amended, as amended and/or re-enacted from 
time to time,  
- the Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants, the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act no. 6 of 15 March 2019 (No. 
Verdipapirsentralloven) as amended and/or re-enacted from time to time, and  
- the Uncertificated Danish Warrants, the Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidated Act No. 41 of 13 January 2023) as amended from 
time to time and the Executive Order on Book Entry, etc. of dematerialised Securities in a Central Securities Depositary (Executive 
Order No. 1175 of 31 October 2017 as amended from time to time). 
 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD means, in respect of:  
- the Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, Euroclear Finland Ltd, 
- the Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Euroclear Sweden AB, 
- the Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants, Verdipapirsentralen ASA,(trading as Euronext Securities Oslo), 
- the Uncertificated Danish Warrants, VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities) 
 
Warrantholder means, in the context of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, the person in whose name an Uncertificated Nordic Warrant 
is registered in the Nordic Register and the reference to a person in whose name an Uncertificated Nordic Warrant is registered shall 
also include any person duly authorised to act as a nominee and registered as such for the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants. For such 
purposes, the Nordic Register means the register maintained by the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD on behalf of the 
Issuer in accordance with the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD Rules. 
 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Warrantholder of any Uncertificated Nordic Warrants 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Warrantholder and holder shall be 
construed accordingly.  
 
References to the Agent shall be with respect to:  
- the Uncertificated Finnish Warrants,  
- the Uncertificated Swedish Warrants,  
- the Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants,  
- the Uncertificated Danish Warrants, to Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken (the SEB  Issuing Agent). 
 
The Issuer and/or the Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the register of the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD in 
accordance with the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD Rules. 
 
1.1.3.3 Uncertificated SIS Warrants  
 
Uncertificated SIS Warrants (the Uncertificated SIS Warrants) will be entered into the main register (Hauptregister) of the 
Intermediary on or prior to their issue date. Once the Uncertificated SIS Warrants are registered in the main register (Hauptregister) 
of the Intermediary, such Uncertificated SIS Warrants will constitute Intermediated Securities. The records of the Intermediary will 
determine the number of Uncertificated SIS Warrants held through each participant of the Intermediary. Uncertificated SIS Warrants 
constituting Intermediated Securities may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Uncertificated SIS Warrants in a Warrants 
account of the transferee and the holders of such Uncertificated SIS Warrants will be the persons holding such Uncertificated SIS 
Warrants in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name, or, in the case of intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen), the 
intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding such Uncertificated SIS Warrants for their own account in a securities account 
(Effektenkonto) that is in their name (and the expressions "Warrantholder” and “holder of Warrants”, and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly).  
  
1.1.3.4  Uncertificated Spanish Warrants  
 
Warrants to be listed on the Spanish Stock Exchange will be registered with the Spanish central depository system, the Sociedad de 
Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A.U. (Iberclear) and will be represented by book 
entries in accordance with Article 6 of the Spanish Restated Warrants Market Act approved by the Royal Decree Law 4/2015, of 23 
October (as amended from time to time, the SMA). No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Warrants.  
 
Warrantholder means, in the context of Uncertificated Spanish Warrants, any person holding Warrants through a financial intermediary 
entitled to hold accounts with Iberclear on behalf of its customers (the Warrant Account Holder) or in the case of a Warrant Account 
Holder acting for its own account, such Warrant Account Holder.  
 
Warrants that are registered with Iberclear for purposes of listing on the Spanish Stock Exchange will be governed by Spanish Law 
with respect to their form, proof of ownership and transfer. 
 
1.1.3.5  Uncertificated Italian Warrants 
 
Uncertificated Italian Warrants are issued in bearer dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form issued, cleared and settled by 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. in accordance with the applicable provisions of Italian Law, including Legislative Decree 24 February 1998, No. 
58, as amended (the Italian Financial Services Act) and the rules and regulations applicable to and/or issued by Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
as the Italian central securities Depositary from time to time (the Italian CSD Rules) and are freely transferable by way of book entries 
on the accounts registered on Monte Titoli S.p.A. (the Italian CSD). No physical global or definitive warrants will be issued in respect

--- Page 136 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
136 
of Uncertificated Italian Warrants. All payments in respect of Uncertificated Italian Warrants will be made through the Italian CSD in 
accordance with the Italian CSD Rules.  
 
Warrantholder means, in the context of Uncertificated Italian Warrants, the person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
the Italian CSD in accordance with the Italian CSD Rules (the Italian Register) as holder of a particular number of Uncertificated 
Italian Warrants.  
 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Warrantholder of any Uncertificated Italian Warrants 
shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it and no person shall be liable for so treating the Warrantholder and any certificate or other 
document issued pursuant to the Italian CSD Rules as to the Uncertificated Italian Warrants standing to the account of any person 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes except in the case of manifest error.  
 
With respect to Uncertificated Italian Warrants, references to the "Operator" and related expressions shall be to the Italian CSD, 
references to the "Regulations" shall be to the Italian CSD Rules and references to the "Agent" or "Italian Issuer Agent" shall be to 
Societe Generale Securities Services S.p.A.. 
 
The Issuer and/or the Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the register of the Italian CSD to the extent permitted in the 
Italian CSD Rules. 
 
1.2 Transfer of Warrants 
 
1.2.1 Transfer of interests in Global Warrants  
 
Warrants which are represented by a Global Warrant held on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream or Iberclear, as the case may be, will 
be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, or Iberclear as the 
case may be.  
Transfers of beneficial interests in a Global Warrant will be effected by Euroclear, Clearstream or Iberclear, as the case may be, and, 
in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of beneficial transferors 
and transferees of such interests. 
 
1.2.2  Transfer of interests in Registered Global Warrants 
 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Warrants will be effected by Euroclear, Clearstream, or Iberclear as the case 
may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of 
beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Warrant will, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be exchangeable for Definitive Registered Warrants or for a beneficial interest in 
another Registered Global Warrant only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear, 
Clearstream or Iberclear, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.  
 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Warrant will be able to transfer such interest, except in accordance with the 
applicable procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream or Iberclear, as the case may be, in each case to the extent applicable. 
 
In the event of a partial optional early expiration of the Warrants under Condition 5.4, the Issuer shall not be required to register the 
transfer of any Registered Warrant, or part of a Registered Warrant, called for partial optional early expiration. 
 
1.2.3  Transfer of Definitive Registered Warrants 
 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Definitive Registered Warrant may be transferred 
in whole or in part. In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder or holders must (A) surrender the Definitive Registered Warrant 
for registration of the transfer of the Definitive Registered Warrant (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Warrant) at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof 
or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (B) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required 
by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent and (ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer 
Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request. 
Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the 
initial regulations being set out in the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such 
longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and, in the case of 
Registered Global Warrants, effectuate, and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office to the 
transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Definitive 
Registered Warrant of a like amount to the Definitive Registered Warrant (or the relevant part of the Definitive Registered Warrant) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Definitive Registered Warrant, a new Definitive Registered Warrant or 
Registered Global Warrant in respect of the balance of the Definitive Registered Warrant not transferred will be so authenticated. 
 
1.2.4 Transfer of Uncertificated Warrants  
 
1.2.4.1 Transfer of EUI Warrants

--- Page 137 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
137 
All transactions in respect of EUI Warrants (including transfers thereof) in the open market or otherwise must be effected through an 
account at the Operator subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Operator. Title will pass 
upon registration of the transfer in the Operator register of corporate Securities. 
 
1.2.4.2 Transfer of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants 
 
As far as the application of the General Terms and Conditions is concerned, title to Uncertificated Nordic Warrants shall pass by 
registration in the relevant Nordic Register.  
 
Beneficial interests in Uncertificated Nordic Warrants will be transferable only in accordance with the relevant Uncertificated Nordic 
Warrants CSD Rules. Title to such beneficial interests in the Uncertificated Nordic Warrants shall pass in the records maintained by 
the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD in accordance with the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD Rules. 
 
1.2.4.3 Transfer of Uncertificated SIS Warrants 
 
Uncertificated SIS Warrants constituting Intermediated Securities may only be transferred by the entry of the transferred Uncertificated 
SIS Warrants in a securities account of the transferee and the holders of such Uncertificated SIS Warrants will be the persons holding 
such Uncertificated SIS Warrants in a securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name, or, in the case of intermediaries 
(Verwahrungsstellen), the intermediaries (Verwahrungsstellen) holding such Uncertificated SIS Warrants for their own account in a 
securities account (Effektenkonto) that is in their name (and the expressions “Warrantholder” and “holder of Warrants” and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
 
1.2.4.4    Left blank intentionally  
 
1.2.4.5 Transfer of Uncertificated Spanish Warrants  
 
Transfers of the Uncertificated Spanish Warrants shall be made in accordance with and governed by the SMA and the rules and 
procedures of Iberclear. 
 
1.2.4.6 Transfer of Uncertificated Italian Warrants  
 
Beneficial interests in Uncertificated Italian Warrants will be transferable only in accordance with the Italian CSD Rules. Title to such 
beneficial interests in the Uncertificated Italian Warrants shall pass in the records maintained by the Italian CSD in accordance with 
the Italian CSD Rules.  
The Issuer and/or the Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from the register of the Italian CSD to the extent permitted in the 
Italian CSD Rules. 
 
1.2.5 Left blank intentionally 
 
1.2.6 Left blank intentionally 
 
1.2.7 Costs of registration 
 
Warrantholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as provided above, except 
for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a 
sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
 
1.2.8 Definitions - Transfer to Permitted Transferees 
 
In these General Terms and Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
 
IRS U.S. Person means a U.S. person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
 
Permitted Transferee means any person who: 
 
(i) is not a U.S. Person; and 
 
(ii) is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order 
proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a “Non-United States person” defined under 
CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are 
not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person); and 
 
(iii) is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person.Where: 
 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
 
Regulation S U.S. Person means a U.S. Person as defined in Regulation S; 
 
Risk Retention U.S. Person means a "U.S. person" for purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules;

--- Page 138 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
138 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
 
U.S. Person means (i) Regulation S U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms specify that IRS U.S. Person is also applicable, 
or (ii) if in case of SGI Index Linked Warrants, Advised SGI Index is applicable or if in case of Portfolio Linked Warrants, Dynamic 
Portfolio is applicable, a person who is either a Regulation S U.S. Person or an IRS U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms 
specify that only a Regulation S U.S. Person is applicable; 
 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules means the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
Warrants may not at  any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged,  exercised, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee and any offer, sale, resale, pledge, 
exercise, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to or for the account or benefit of, a person that 
is not a Permitted Transferee will not be recognised. Warrants may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any person that 
is not a Permitted Transferee and accordingly are being offered and sold in offshore transactions (as defined in Regulation S) to 
persons that are Permitted Transferees. 
 
1.3 Exchanges  
 
A beneficial interest in a Global Warrant will, subject to and compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, will be 
exchangeable for a Definitive Warrant or for a beneficial interest in another Global Warrant only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, or Iberclear as the case may be, and in accordance with the 
terms and conditions specified in the relevant Agency Agreement. 
 
A Bearer Global Warrant or a Registered Global Warrant will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive 
Registered Warrants in the event of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in (i), (ii) or (iii) below (each, an Exchange 
Event) or by the Issuer in the event of the occurrence of the circumstances described in (iii) below:  
(i) if applicable, an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 below) has occurred and is continuing;  
(ii) if the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear, Clearstream or Iberclear have been closed for business for a continuous period 
of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or announce an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available; or  
(iii) on the occasion of the next payment in respect of any Bearer Warrants, the Issuer would be required to pay additional amounts 
as referred to in Conditions 5 and 7 below and such payment would not be required were the Warrants in definitive form.  
 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 below if an Exchange Event occurs. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream or Iberclear (acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Global Warrant) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall 
occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
 
1.4 Left blank intentionally 
 
1.5 Conversion of currency 
 
The Issuer may without the consent of the Warrantholders, by giving at least 30 days' notice in accordance with Condition 13, and on 
or after the date on which a Member State of the European Union whose national currency is the same as the Settlement Currency 
has become a participating Member State in the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
on the Functioning of the European Union (the EU), as amended from time to time (the Treaty)) or events have occurred which have 
substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), change the currency of all, but not some only, of the Warrants of any Issue, into 
Euro and adjust any term of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate to give effect to such change (including, without 
limitation, the Settlement Amount, Exercise Price, the Parity (if applicable), the Settlement Currency of the Warrants). The date on 
which such change becomes effective shall be referred to in these General Terms and Conditions as the Currency Conversion Date. 
 
The change of currency of the Warrants pursuant to the above paragraph shall be made by converting the relevant amount or price 
applicable to the Warrants, from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion 
rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards), provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Principal Paying Agent that the then market practice in respect of the conversion in Euro of internationally offered Warrants is different 
from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Warrantholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Warrants may be listed and the Paying 
Agents of such deemed amendments. 
 
The conversion rate applicable and the amounts in Euro so determined shall be notified to Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. Any balance remaining from the change of currency in an amount higher than 0.01 Euro shall be paid by way of cash 
adjustment rounded to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in 
Euros on the Currency Conversion Date. 
 
Upon conversion of currency of the Warrants, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference 
to Euro.

--- Page 139 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
139 
The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Principal Paying Agent, without the consent of the Warrantholders in connection with any 
conversion of currency or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 14, on giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13, make any changes or additions to these General Terms and Conditions which it 
reasonably believes to be necessary or desirable to give effect to the provisions of this Condition 1.5 or Condition 14 (including, 
without limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the 
country of the Settlement Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of 
redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders. Any such 
changes or additions shall be notified to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Warrantholder or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or 
expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
 
Any such changes or additions made pursuant to this Condition will, in the absence of manifest or proven error, be conclusive and 
binding on the Warrantholders and shall be notified to Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
  
2. STATUS OF THE  WARRANTS AND GUARANTEE 
 
2.1 Warrants issued by Societe Generale 
 
Warrants issued by Societe Generale will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking as senior preferred obligations, as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code. 
 
Such Warrants rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves and: 
 
(i)pari passu: 
(a) all direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Societe Generale outstanding as of the date of the entry 
into force of the law no. 2016-1691 (the Law) on 11 December 2016;  
 
(b) all present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of 
the Code) of Societe Generale issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016;  
 
(ii) junior to all present or future claims of Societe Generale benefiting from statutorily preferred exceptions; and  
 
(iii) senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 4° of the Code) of Societe 
Generale. 
 
2.2. Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten 
 
2.2.1 Warrants (other than Secured Warrants) issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten 
 
Warrants will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer or SG Effekten and will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as from time to time exist under applicable law) 
at least pari passu with all other outstanding direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer or SG 
Effekten, present and future. 
 
2.2.2  Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer only 
 
Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer will constitute direct, unconditional, secured, limited recourse and unsubordinated obligations 
of SG Issuer and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as from time to time 
exist under applicable law) at least pari passu with all other outstanding direct, unconditional, secured, limited recourse and 
unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer, present and future. 
 
2.3 Guarantee in the case of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten 
 
The due and punctual payment of any amounts due by the Issuer in respect of any Issue of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG 
Effekten is unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor as provided in the guarantee made as of 26 June 2023 (the 
Guarantee and each such amount payable under the Guarantee, a Guarantee Obligation) the text of which is set out in "Guarantee" 
in the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2023; provided that in the case of any Physical Delivery Warrants in respect of which the 
relevant guaranteed obligation of the Issuer is an obligation to transfer the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of a Physical Delivery 
Amount, the Guarantor shall, in lieu of such transfer, be obliged to pay a cash amount in the Settlement  Currency equal to the fair 
market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent on or about the due date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s) in 
respect of the Physical Delivery Amount) of the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
 
The Guarantee Obligations will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor ranking 
as senior preferred obligations, as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code. 
 
Such Guarantee Obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves and:

--- Page 140 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
140 
(i) pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor outstanding as of the 
date of the entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016;  
 
(ii) pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as provided for in 
Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code) of the Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016;  
 
(iii) junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred exceptions; and 
 
(iv) senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L.613-30-3 I 4° of the Code) of the 
Guarantor. 
 
 
3. TYPE OF WARRANTS AND WARRANT EXERCISE PROCEDURE 
 
3.1    Type of Warrants 
 
The Final Terms will specify whether the Warrants are American Style Warrants or European Style Warrants. European Style 
Warrants are also known as Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants. Where the Final Terms specify that the Warrants are Fixed 
Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants, any references in the Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms to "European Style 
Warrants" shall be deemed to be a reference to Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants.  
 
The Final Terms will specify whether: 
 
(i) automatic exercise (Automatic Exercise) applies to the Warrants or whether the Warrants are subject to Manual Exercise in 
accordance with Conditions 3.4.1 to 3.4.6 (inclusive) and 3.4.7; 
 
(ii) the Warrants are subject to maximum (in the case of American Style Warrants only) and minimum exercise amounts in accordance 
with Condition 3.3 below; and 
 
(iii) the Warrants may only be exercised in units (Units). 
 
If Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants must be exercised in Units and any Exercise Notice which purports 
to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be null and void. 
 
The Final Terms will specify whether the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants or Physical Delivery Warrants, as more fully described 
below.  
 
3.2    Exercise rights 
 
3.2.1    American Style Warrants 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled, American Style Warrants are capable of being exercised on any Business Day during the 
Exercise Period or, if applicable or relevant, in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5.4.1.1, 5.4.1.2, 5.4.1.3, 5.4.2 and 5.5.2.  
 
Where Automatic Exercise does not apply 
 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the Final Terms, any American Style Warrant with respect to 
which no Exercise Notice (as defined below) has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 3.4 below, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. 
(Local Time) in respect of the relevant Clearing System (in the case of a Global Warrant), Registrar (in the case of a Definitive 
Registered Warrant), Agent (in the case of an Uncertificated Nordic Warrant), EUI Agent (in the case of an EUI Warrant), Swiss 
Principal Paying Agent (in the case of an Uncertificated Swiss Warrant) on the Expiration Date, shall become void.  
 
Where Automatic Exercise does apply 
 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Final Terms, any such American Style Warrant shall, 
unless such Warrant has been exercised previously by the valid delivery of an Exercise Notice in the manner set out in this Condition 
3.4 below, be automatically exercised on behalf of the Warrantholders on the Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 3.4.7 
below shall apply. In such cases an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be served prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration 
Date in accordance with the paragraph below. 
 
Exercise Procedure 
 
The Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered or deemed delivered in respect of an American 
Style Warrant in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions is referred to herein as the Actual Exercise Date. If any 
Exercise Notice is received or deemed delivered in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions after 10.00 a.m. (Local 
Time) on any Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next 
Business Day, which Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of 
which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 3.4 below at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on 
the Expiration Date shall (A) if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, become void or (B) if

--- Page 141 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
141 
Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as 
provided above. 
 
3.2.2    European Style Warrants 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled, European Style Warrants are capable of being exercised on the Expiration Date or, if 
applicable or relevant, in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5.4.1.1, 5.4.1.2, 5.4.1.3, 5.4.2 and 5.5.2.  
 
Where Automatic Exercise does not apply 
 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style Warrant with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 3.4 belowbelow, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. 
(Local Time) on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
 
Where Automatic Exercise does apply 
 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms each European Style Warrant shall be automatically 
exercised on behalf of the Warrantholders on the Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 3.4.7 below shall apply. 
 
3.3    Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
 
The minimum and maximum number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Exercise Date (respectively, the Minimum 
Exercise Number and Maximum Exercise Number) shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The number of Warrants 
exercisable by a Warrantholder on any Exercise Date must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number or any integral multiple thereof 
and (except on the Expiration Date) may not exceed the Maximum Exercise Number. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise 
Warrants in an amount less than the Minimum Exercise Number (or in a number which is not an integral multiple of the minimum 
number) shall be void and of no effect. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise (except on the Expiration Date) Warrants in 
an amount in excess of the Maximum Exercise Number shall be void and of no effect in respect of such excess provided that: 
 
(1)     only if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants subject to the Maximum Exercise Number shall be selected at 
the Issuer's discretion (or in any other manner specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
 
(2)    unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants tendered for exercise pursuant to such Exercise Notice 
in excess of such Maximum Exercise Number will be automatically exercised on each next date on which Warrants may be exercised 
subject always (except on the Expiration Date) to the Maximum Exercise Number. 
 
The minimum number (or an integral multiple thereof) of Warrants that may be traded by a Warrantholder (the Minimum Trading 
Number) shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If the Warrants are American Style Warrants and are listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Final Terms will 
specify the Maximum Number of Warrants to be exercised on each Business Day. 
 
3.4    Exercise Procedure  
 
3.4.1    Exercise Notice in respect of Global Warrants 
 
Subject as provided in Condition 3.4.7, Warrants represented by a Global Warrant may only be exercised by the delivery, or the 
sending by fax, of a duly completed exercise notice (an Exercise Notice) in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of 
which form may be obtained from the relevant Clearing System and the Agent during normal office hours) to the relevant Clearing 
System, with a copy to the Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in this Condition 3. 
 
The Exercise Notice shall: 
 
(i) specify the relevant Issue of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
 
(ii) specify the number of the Warrantholder's securities account at the relevant Clearing System to be debited with the Warrants;  
 
(iii) irrevocably instruct the relevant Clearing System to debit on or before the Settlement Date the Warrantholder's Warrants account 
with the Warrants being exercised; 
 
(iv) specify, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearing System to be 
credited with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
 
(v) specify, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Deliverable Asset(s) relating to such Physical Delivery Amount which may include account details and/or the name and address of 
any person(s) into whose name evidence of such Deliverable Asset(s) is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom 
documents evidencing the Deliverable Asset(s) are to be delivered;

--- Page 142 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
142 
(vi)  include an undertaking to pay all expenses and any other amounts due from the Warrantholder to the Issuer under the Warrants 
being exercised (including, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity), and an 
authority to the relevant Clearing System to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any amount due to such Warrantholder 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Cash Settlement Amount) and/or to debit a specified account of the Warrantholder at the 
relevant Clearing System; 
 
(vii) certify that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. Person and is a person who is (1) located outside 
the United States, and who is (2) not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or a Non-U.S. Person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under 
the Commodity Exchange Act (as such terms may be amended from time to time)), the Warrant is not being exercised within the 
United States or on behalf of a U.S. Person and no cash, securities or other property has been or will be delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person or any person in the United States in connection with any exercise thereof; 
and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the securities, 
commodities, tax and other laws of the United States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(viii) authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings, 
 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
 
3.4.2    Exercise Notice in respect of Definitive Registered Warrants 
 
Subject as provided in Condition 3.4.7 below, Definitive Registered Warrants may only be exercised by the delivery in writing of an 
Exercise Notice in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Registrar) to the 
Registrar with a copy to the Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in this Condition 3. 
 
The Exercise Notice shall: 
 
(i) specify the relevant Issue of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
 
(ii) irrevocably instruct the Registrar to remove from the Register on or before the Settlement Date the Warrants being exercised; 
 
(iii) specify, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the details of the account to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) 
for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
 
(iv) specify, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Deliverable Asset(s) relating to the Physical Delivery Amount which may include account details and/or the name and address of any 
person(s) into whose name evidence of such Deliverable Asset(s) is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom 
documents evidencing the Deliverable Asset(s) are to be delivered; 
 
(v) include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and any other amounts due from the Warrantholder to the Issuer under the Warrants 
being exercised (including, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by Parity) and an 
authority to the Registrar to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any amount due to the relevant Warrantholder (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any Cash Settlement Amount); 
 
(vi) certify that the beneficial owner of each such Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. Person and is a person who is (1) located 
outside the United States, and who is (2) not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or a Non-U.S. Person (as defined in Rule 4.7 
under the Commodity Exchange Act (as such terms may be amended from time to time)), the Warrant is not being exercised within 
the United States or on behalf of a U.S. Person and no cash, Warrants or other property has been or will be delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person or any person in the United States in connection with any exercise 
thereof; and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the Warrants, 
commodities, tax and other laws of the United States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(vii) authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings, 
 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
 
3.4.3    Exercise Notice in respect of Uncertificated Warrants 
 
Subject as provided in Condition 3.4.7, Uncertificated Warrants may only be exercised by the delivery in writing of an Exercise Notice 
in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Agent) to the Agent, and in accordance 
with the provisions set out in this Condition 3. 
 
The Exercise Notice shall: 
 
(i) specify the relevant Issue of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
 
(ii) specify, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the details of the account to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) 
for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised;

--- Page 143 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
143 
(iii) specify, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Physical Delivery Amount which may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose name 
evidence of the Physical Delivery Amount is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the 
Physical Delivery Amount are to be delivered; 
 
(iv) include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and any other amounts due from the Warrantholder to the Issuer under the Warrants 
being exercised (including, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by Parity) and an 
authority to the Registrar to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any amount due to the relevant Warrantholder (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any Cash Settlement Amount); 
 
(v) certify that the beneficial owner of each such Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. Person and is a person who is (1) located 
outside the United States, and who is (2) not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or a Non-U.S. Person (as defined in Rule 4.7 
under the Commodity Exchange Act (as such terms may be amended from time to time)), the Warrant is not being exercised within 
the United States or on behalf of a U.S. Person and no cash, securities or other property has been or will be delivered within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person or any person in the United States in connection with any exercise 
thereof; and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the securities, 
commodities, tax and other laws of the United States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(vi) authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings, 
 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement or in the EUI Agency Agreement as the case may be. 
 
3.4.4    Verification of the Warrantholder 
 
In the case of Global Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the relevant Clearing System shall verify that the person exercising 
the Warrants is the Warrantholder according to the books of such Clearing System. Subject thereto, the relevant Clearing System will 
confirm to the Agent the relevant Issue and the number of Warrants being exercised and, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the 
account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount of each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being 
exercised and, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of 
the Physical Delivery Amount (if any). Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. The relevant Clearing 
System will on or before the Settlement Date debit the securities account of the relevant Warrantholder with the Warrants being 
exercised. If the Warrants are American Style Warrants, upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the Global Warrant, 
the Common Depositary will, on the instructions of, and on behalf of the Agent, note such exercise on the schedule to such Global 
Warrant and the number of Warrants so constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation to the extent of the Warrants so exercised. 
 
In the case of Definitive Registered Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Registrar shall verify that the person exercising 
the Warrants is the Warrantholder according to the Register. Subject thereto, the Registrar shall confirm to the Issuer and the Agent 
the relevant Issue and the number of Warrants being exercised and in respect of each Warrant being exercised, in the case of Cash 
Settled Warrants, the account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount or, in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount (if any). The Registrar 
will on or before the Settlement Date remove from the Register the Warrants being exercised.  
 
In the case of Uncertificated Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Agent shall verify that the person exercising the 
Warrants is the Warrantholder. Subject thereto, the Agent shall confirm to the Issuer the relevant Issue and the number of Warrants 
being exercised and, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement 
Amount of each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised and, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as 
are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount (if any). The Agent will on or before the 
Settlement Date remove from the Record the Warrants being exercised.  
 
3.4.5    Determinations 
 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by (i) in the case of Global 
Warrants, the relevant Clearing System, (ii) in the case of Definitive Registered Warrants, the Registrar or (iii) in the case of 
Uncertificated Warrants, by the relevant Agent, in each case other than in relation to EUI Warrants in consultation with the Agent and 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Agents and the relevant Warrantholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise 
Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, 
immediately after being delivered or sent to the relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as applicable, shall be null and void. In 
the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, the Issuer shall not be liable to any person with respect to any action taken 
or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as applicable, 
in consultation with the Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to 
the relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as the case may be. 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any Warrant with respect to which the Exercise Notice 
has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out above before the Expiration Date shall become void. 
The relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as the case may be, shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Warrantholder 
submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with the Agent, it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in 
proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Agents, the Registrar or the relevant 
Clearing System shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder.

--- Page 144 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
144 
 
3.4.6    Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified. 
After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, such exercising Warrantholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
 
3.4.7    Automatic Exercise 
 
This Condition 3.4.7 only applies to Cash Settled Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case any Warrants will be automatically exercised as provided in Condition 3.2.  
 
Automatic Exercise is conditional upon the Cash Settlement Amount being greater than zero. 
 
Where Automatic Exercise applies in respect of Warrants represented by a Global Warrant and unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Warrantholders will not be required to deliver an Exercise Notice or take any other action in order 
to receive the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) in respect of such Warrants and/or Units held by them and instead the Warrants shall 
be deemed to have been exercised automatically on their behalf in the manner described in Condition 3.2. The Cash Settlement 
Amount will be determined by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the applicable Terms and Conditions and the Issuer shall 
transfer or cause to be transferred to each Clearing System through which such Warrants are held an amount equal to the aggregate 
of the relevant Cash Settlement Amount. The relevant Clearing System shall, subject to having received such aggregate Cash 
Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date, credit the relevant account of each Warrantholder of such Warrant(s) in its books with an 
amount equal to the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount relating to the Warrant(s) held by such Warrantholder and on or before the 
Settlement Date debit such account with the number of Warrants exercised and in respect of which such Cash Settlement Amount is 
being paid. The Issuer shall have no responsibility for the crediting by the relevant Clearing System of any such amounts to any such 
accounts. 
 
Where Automatic Exercise applies in respect of Warrants which are Uncertificated Warrants and unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Warrantholders will not be required to deliver an Exercise Notice or take any other action in order 
to receive the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) in respect of such Warrants and/or Units held by them and instead the Warrants shall 
be deemed to have been exercised automatically on their behalf in the manner described in Condition 3.2.  
 
The Cash Settlement Amount will be determined by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the applicable Terms and Conditions 
and, further to which, the Agent shall cause the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) to be paid to the relevant Warrantholder in 
accordance with Condition 5 and shall instruct the Operator to debit on or prior to the Settlement Date the Warrantholder's account 
with the Warrants or Units to which the Exercise Notice relates. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing and unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, in the case of Warrants which are 
Definitive Registered Warrants, in order to receive the relevant Cash Settlement Amount in respect of a Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, the relevant Warrantholder must deliver in writing a duly completed Exercise Notice together with the relevant Definitive 
Registered Warrant to the Registrar with a copy to the Agent, on any Business Day until not later than 10.00 a.m., Local time, on the 
day (the Cut-off Date) falling 180 days after (x) the Actual Exercise Date, in the case of American Style Warrants or (y) the Expiration 
Date, in the case of European Style Warrants. The Exercise Notice shall include the applicable information set out in the Exercise 
Notice referred to in Condition 3.4.2. The Business Day during the period from the Expiration Date or the Actual Exercise Date, as 
the case may be, until the Cut-off Date on which an Exercise Notice is delivered to the Registrar, and a copy thereof delivered to the 
Agent, is referred to in this Condition 3.4.7 as the Exercise Notice Delivery Date, provided that if the Exercise Notice is received by 
the Registrar or the copy thereof received by the Agent after 10.00 a.m., Local time, on any Business Day, such Exercise Notice shall 
be deemed to have been delivered on the next Business Day, which Business Day shall be deemed to be the Exercise Notice Delivery 
Date. 
 
In the event that a Warrantholder does not, where applicable, so deliver an Exercise Notice prior to 10.00 a.m., Local Time, on the 
Cut-off Date, the Issuer's and Guarantor's obligations in respect of such Warrants shall be discharged and no further liability or 
obligation in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, a Warrantholder shall not be entitled to any payment 
in respect of the period from the Actual Exercise Date to the Settlement Date.  
 
3.4.8    Exercise Risk 
 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the relevant date on which such 
exercise takes place and neither the Issuer nor the Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. None of the Issuer or the Agents shall under any circumstances 
be liable for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing System in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the Warrants. 
 
3.5    Agent's duties 
 
Subject to the Warrants validly exercised in the manner set out above, the applicable Agent shall, on or before the Settlement Date, 
comply with the instructions given to it in the relevant Exercise Notice.  
 
3.6    General 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 3:

--- Page 145 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
145 
Business Day means (a) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant Financial Centre(s) (if applicable, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Operator is open for business and (b) for 
the purposes of making payments in euro, any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer System (known as TARGET or T2) or any successor or replacement for that system is open. 
 
Exercise Date means (a) in the case of European Style Warrants, the Expiration Date or (b) in the case of American Style Warrants, 
the Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is validly delivered in accordance with Condition 3 or (only 
where Automatic Exercise applies and if no Exercise Notice is otherwise validly delivered in accordance with Condition 3.4.7) the 
Expiration Date. 
 
Exercise Period shall have the meaning given to it in the Final Terms.  
 
Exercise Price means the price specified in the applicable Final Terms, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions.  
 
Expiration Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Local Time means the local time in the city of the relevant Clearing System (in the case of a Global Warrant), Registrar (in the case 
of a Definitive Registered Warrant) or the EUI Agent (in the case of an EUI Warrant). 
In relation to any Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the expressions 
"exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply to any such Warrants which are automatically 
exercised on behalf of the Warrantholders in accordance with the above provisions. 
 
4. Left blank intentionally 
 
5. PAYMENTS AND DELIVERIES  
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
References to "payment" or "repayment" (as the case may be) and other similar expressions will, where the context so admits, be 
deemed also to refer to delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) with respect to any Physical Delivery Amount(s). 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
Bank means a bank in the principal financial center of the relevant currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have 
access to the TARGET System. 
 
5.1 Method of payment  
 
Subject as provided below and, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, Registered Warrants or Uncertificated Warrants, subject 
also as provided in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(1) payments in a Settlement Currency (other than euro or Renminbi) will be made by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant 
Settlement Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre(s) of the country of such Settlement Currency 
(which if the Settlement Currency is Australian Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the Settlement Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be 
Montreal); 
 
(2) payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) specified by the payee; 
 
(3) payments in Renminbi shall be made solely by credit to a Renminbi bank account maintained at a bank in Hong Kong in accordance 
with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines issued from time to time; 
 
(4) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants and subject to Condition 5.12.5: 
 
(i) transfer of the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of any Physical Delivery Amount will be effected by the Delivery (a) to, or to the order 
of, the Warrantholder of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s), (b) to, or to the order of, the Warrantholder at the risk of the relevant 
Warrantholder in such manner as may be specified in the transfer notice (the Transfer Notice, the form of which is annexed to the 
Agency Agreement) and subject to compliance with applicable securities laws; and 
 
(ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement" is applicable, payment will be made pursuant 
to the provisions of Condition 5.12.2 or where a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 
5.12.5.  
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
 
Deliver means, in respect of any underlying asset, to deliver, novate, transfer (including, where the applicable underlying asset is a 
guarantee, transfer the benefit of the guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable underlying asset (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in 
order to convey all right, title and interest in the underlying asset free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances

--- Page 146 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
146 
(including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than an Exempt Counterclaim or Defence) or right of set off by or of 
the obligor with respect to the underlying asset); provided that where the underlying asset is a Loan Participation, Deliver means to 
create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the Warrantholder and, where the underlying asset is a guarantee, 
Deliver means to Deliver both the guarantee and the underlying obligation to which such guarantee relates. Delivery and Delivered 
will be construed accordingly.  
 
In the case of a loan (being any obligation that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar 
credit agreement), Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used in 
the relevant market for Delivery of such loan at that time. 
 
Exempt Counterclaim or Defence means, in respect of any underlying asset, any defence based upon (a) any lack or alleged lack 
of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor with respect to the underlying asset to enter into the underlying asset or, where the 
underlying asset is a guarantee, any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor in respect of the guarantee 
and/or the obligor in respect of the underlying obligation to which such guarantee relates, (b) any actual or alleged unenforceability, 
illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any underlying asset or, where the underlying asset is a guarantee, the guarantee 
and/or the underlying obligation to which such guarantee relates, however described, (c) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree 
or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority 
or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described, or (d) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
 
Loan Participation means a loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, the relevant Issuer is capable of creating, 
or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of the relevant Warrantholder that provides the Warrantholder with recourse 
to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant loan which are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between the Warrantholder and the Issuer (to the extent the Issuer is then a lender or 
a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
 
5.2 General provisions applicable to payments  
 
The holder of a Global Warrant shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Warrants represented by such 
Global Warrant and the payment obligations of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Warrant in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in 
the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Iberclear or Monte Titoli, as the beneficial holder of a particular number of Warrants represented 
by a Global Warrant must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Iberclear or Monte Titoli, as the case may be, for his share of each 
payment so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Warrant 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a physical delivery). No person other than the holder of such 
Global Warrant shall have any claim against the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor in respect of any payments 
due on that Global Warrant. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollars payments in respect of Bearer Warrants (if any) will be made at the specified office of a 
Paying Agent in the United States of America (which expression, as used herein, means the United States (including the States and 
the District of Columbia and its possessions) if: 
 
(1) the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the 
United States of the full amount of any relevant payment on the Bearer Warrants in the manner provided above when due;  
 
(2) payment of the full relevant amount at all such specified offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of any relevant amount in U.S. dollars; and 
 
(3) such payment is then permitted under United States laws without involving, in the opinion of the relevant Issuer and, as the case 
may be, the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences for the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor. 
 
No payments may be made to accounts located in the United States or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, no certificates, 
instruments or underlying assets may be mailed or sent to addresses in the United States. 
 
5.3 Payments in respect of Bearer Global Warrants  
 
Payments in respect of Warrants represented by any Bearer Global Warrants will be made (subject as provided below), in the manner 
specified in the relevant Bearer Global Warrants against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Bearer Global 
Warrants at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States of America. A record will be made of each payment 
made, distinguishing, if relevant, between any payment, either on such Bearer Global Warrants by the relevant Paying Agent or in the 
records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Iberclear and Monte Titoli (as applicable) which such clearing systems shall also record each 
related payment to holders of interests in the relevant Bearer Global Warrants. 
 
5.4 Payments in respect of Registered Warrants 
 
Payments in respect of Registered Warrant (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Warrant at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the 
Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named

--- Page 147 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
147 
of joint holders) of the Registered Warrant appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Warrants maintained by the Registrar 
(the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which the relevant clearing 
system in which the Warrants are held is open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close 
of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date.  
 
For these purposes, Designated Account means the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such 
in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Settlement Currency other than euro or Renminbi) a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Settlement Currency (which, if the Settlement Currency is Australian Dollar, 
shall be Sydney and, if the Settlement Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal), and in the case of payment in a Settlement 
Currency which is (i) euro, any bank which processes payments in euro, or (ii) Renminbi, a bank in the principal financial centre of 
Hong Kong. 
 
Holders of Registered Warrants will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in receiving any amount due in 
respect of any Registered Warrant as a result of a cheque posted in accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for 
payment or being lost in the post. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments due under Registered Warrants. 
 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Paying Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Warrants or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
 
5.5 Payments in respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, Uncertificated Italian Warrants and Uncertificated Spanish 
Warrants  
 
Payments in respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, Uncertificated Italian Warrants or Uncertificated Spanish Warrants will be 
made to the persons registered as Warrantholder in the register maintained by the relevant central securities depositary and clearing 
institution in accordance with the rules and procedures applied by the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD, Iberclear or Monte 
Titoli prior to the due date for such payment. If the date for payment of any amount in respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, 
Uncertificated Italian Warrants or Uncertificated Spanish Warrants is not a Payment Business Day , the Warrantholders thereof shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. For the purposes of this Condition, Payment Business Day shall mean any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business in Stockholm (in the case of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants) or Helsinki (in the case of 
Uncertificated Finnish Warrants) or Oslo (in case of Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants) or Copenhagen (in case of Uncertificated 
Danish Warrants), Milan (in the case of Uncertificated Italian Warrants) or Madrid (in the case of Uncertificated Spanish Warrants). 
 
In the event of late payment with respect to any Uncertificated Nordic Warrant, Uncertificated Italian Warrant or Uncertificated Spanish 
Warrant, penalty interest will be payable on the overdue amount from the due date up to and including the date on which payment is 
made at an interest rate corresponding to, in the case of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, STIBOR (as defined below) plus one 
percentage point, in the case of Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants, NIBOR (as defined below) plus one percentage point or, in the 
case of Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, EURIBOR (as defined below) plus one percentage point or, in the case of Uncertificated 
Danish Warrants, CIBOR (as defined below) plus one percentage point or, in the case of Uncertificated Italian Warrants, EURIBOR 
(as defined below) plus one percentage point. No capitalisation of interest will be made. 
 
CIBOR means the average of the interest rates quoted at approximately 11 a.m. (Copenhagen time) on the first day (such day being 
a day on which commercial banks are open for general business in Denmark) after the day on which the relevant payment was due 
as published on the website of the Danish Financial Benchmark Facility (or such other system or other page as shall replace the 
Danish Financial Benchmark Facility) in respect of a loan with a designated interest period of one week. 
 
EURIBOR means the rate for deposits in EUR which is defined under, and shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with, the Floating Rate Option "EUREURIBOR" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions for a period (Designated Maturity) of sixth months with 
a Reset Date being the first day of the relevant calculation period. 
 
NIBOR means the average of the interest rates lenders require for unsecured money market lending in Norwegian Kroner with 
maturities one week submitted by the NIBOR panel banks and calculated by an appointed calculation agent at 12.00 CET/CEST 
(unless special circumstances results otherwise) every day the Norwegian money market is open for business, as published on the 
website of the Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe), a company established and owned by Finance Norway. The average rate 
is calculated by the party appointed by NoRe to act as calculation agent. 
 
STIBOR means the average of the interest rates quoted at approximately 11 a.m. (Stockholm time) on the first day (such day being 
a day on which commercial banks are open for general business in Stockholm) after the day on which the relevant payment was due 
as published on the website of the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility (or such other system or other page as shall replace the 
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility) in respect of a loan with a designated interest period of one week. 
 
If on any day, any of CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR is not published by the Administrator or an authorized distributor and is 
not otherwise provided by the Administrator or if an Index Event has occured in respect of such rate, it will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as aforesaid in accordance with the provisions of the Temporary NonPublication Fallback or the Priority Fallback 
as the case may be, applying to such Floating Rate Option in the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix for a period of the 
maturity as specified above.

--- Page 148 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
148 
An additional Paying Agent will be appointed and identified in the applicable Final Terms with respect to any Uncertificated Nordic 
Warrants, Uncertificated Italian Warrants or Uncertificated Spanish Warrants and such additional Paying Agent shall have the 
characteristics described in Condition 11. 
 
5.6 Payments on Uncertificated SIS  Warrants, and other Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange  
 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition, in the case of Uncertificated SIS  Warrants, and other Warrants listed on SIX 
Swiss Exchange, the relevant Swiss Paying Agency Agreement shall supplement and modify the Agency Agreement for the purposes 
of the relevant Warrants, including providing for the appointment of a Principal Swiss Paying Agent (which, in the case of Warrants 
listed on SIX Swiss Exchange shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer that is subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial 
Market Supervisory Authority FINMA (FINMA)) that will perform certain duties including, inter alia, those which relate to Swiss capital 
market customs and payment instructions.  
 
The relevant Issuer shall make all payments due under Uncertificated SIS Warrants or other Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
to the Principal Swiss Paying Agent in accordance with the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement and the General Terms and Conditions. 
Payments in respect of any Uncertificated SIS  Warrants or other Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, each denominated in Swiss 
Francs shall be made in freely disposable Swiss Francs, and in the case of Uncertificated SIS  Warrants or other Warrants listed on 
SIX Swiss Exchange denominated in a currency other than Swiss Francs in such other currency, which shall also be freely disposable, 
without collection of costs and whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of the nationality, domicile or residence of the holder 
of any Uncertificated SIS Warrants or any other Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and without requiring any certification, affidavit 
or the fulfilment of any other formality. The receipt by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of such 
funds in Switzerland shall discharge the Issuer's obligations under (i) the Uncertificated SIS Warrants or (ii) other Warrants listed on 
SIX Swiss Exchange, as the case may be, with respect to the payment of, as the case may be, principal, interest, costs and additional 
amounts on the Warrants and the paying agency fees, in each case to the extent of the funds received. 
 
5.7 Payments on EUI Warrants  
 
The Issuer shall pay or cause to be paid any amount due to an EUI Warrantholder under an EUI Warrant to such EUI Warrantholder’s 
cash account with the Operator for value on the relevant payment date, such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of the 
Operator. The Issuer's obligations in relation to such amounts in respect of the EUI Warrants will be discharged by payment to, or to 
the order of, the Operator. Each of the persons shown in the Operator register of corporate Securities as the holder of a particular 
number of EUI Warrants must look solely to the Operator for his share of each such payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order 
of, the Operator. 
 
5.8 Payments subject to tax and other laws 
 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable tax or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (whether by 
operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Paying Agents) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever 
nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7, 
(ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986 (the US IRS Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the US IRS Code.  
 
No commission or expense shall be charged to the Warrantholders in respect of such payments but, for the avoidance of doubt, 
without prejudice to the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the provisions specific to the occurrence of an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, as provided for in each relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
5.9 Payment Business Day 
 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Warrant is not a Payment Business Day, the Warrantholder thereof shall 
instead be entitled to payment: 
 
(i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is " 
Following Payment Business Day": on the next following Payment Business Day in the relevant place; or 
 
(ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is "Modified Following Payment Business Day": 
on the next following Payment Business Day in the relevant place, unless the date for payment would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date for payment shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Payment Business Day in the 
relevant place; 
 
provided that if neither "Following Payment Business Day" nor "Modified Following Payment Business Day" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, "Following Payment Business Day" shall be deemed to apply. In the event that any adjustment is made to the 
date for payment in accordance with this Condition, the relevant amount due in respect of any Warrant shall not be affected by any 
such adjustment. 
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, except as specified in Condition 5.5: 
 
Payment Business Day means any day which is:

--- Page 149 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
149 
(1) subject to the provisions of the Agency Agreement, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits):  
 
(2) in the case of Warrants in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation or, in respect of Uncertificated Warrants, the 
place of registration;  
 
(3) each financial centre(s) (the Financial Centre(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(4) either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the Settlement Currency (which if the Settlement Currency is Australian 
Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the Settlement Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal and, if the Settlement Currency is 
Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open. 
  
5.10 Payment Disruption Event  
 
If on or prior to a due date (such date a “Payment Disruption Date”) for payment of any amount payable (if any) under the Warrants 
and/or under the Guarantee a Payment Disruption Event occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall give notice 
of such occurrence to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.  
 
Following the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event:  
 
(A) the date for payment of such amount payable (if any) under the Warrants (the “Disrupted Amount”) will be postponed to (i) the 
second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the ¨Payment Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting or if earlier (ii) the date falling thirty calendar days following the scheduled due date for payment of the relevant Disrupted 
Amount (the "Payment Disruption Cut-off Date") which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the Scheduled ExpirationDate; 
and  
(B) (i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount less Payment Disruption Expenses (if any) in the 
Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in the case of (A)(ii) above, in lieu of paying the relevant Disrupted 
Amount in the relevant Specified Currency, the Issuer will, subject to the paragraph below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount 
into the Payment Disruption Currency (using the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate for the relevant Payment Disruption Date) and 
will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount less the Payment Disruption Expenses (if any) in the Payment Disruption Currency on the 
Payment Disruption Cut-off Date.  
 
If sub-paragraph (B)(ii) above applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the Payment  
Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in accordance with the following procedures:  
 
(A) the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Specified Currency/Payment 
Disruption Currency exchange rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) on such day; or  
(B) if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer Specified Currency/Payment Disruption Currency 
exchange rates on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in these “Payment Disruption Event” provisions shall prevent the Issuer from making 
any other determination  under these Terms and Conditions of the Warrants or any applicable Additional Terms and Conditions.  
 
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or payment made in a Payment Disruption 
Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.10 shall constitute an Event of Default. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.10 :  
 
"Payment Disruption Currency" means [Euro or USD] as selected in a commercially reasonable manner by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent;  
 
"Payment Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which makes it unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable to 
pay any Disrupted Amount in the Specified Currency on the Payment Disruption Date, including, without limitation, any decision by a 
Clearing System to stop accepting the Specified Currency as a settlement currency for its operations and transactions, including, 
without limitation, the payment of income and/or redemption amounts in respect of the Warrants ; 
 
"Payment Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between the Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and the Payment Disruption Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent ; and 
 
"Payment Disruption Expenses" means, unless it is being specified as "Not Applicable" in the Applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
(i) the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the Warrants and (ii) any transaction, 
payment or other costs and expenses arising directly out of the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event or the related payment of 
the Disrupted Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
 
5.11 Sanctions

--- Page 150 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
150 
 
If on or prior to a due date (such date a “Sanctions Disrupted Date”) for payment of an amount payable (if any) under the Warrants 
and/or under the Guarantee  a Sanctions Disruption Event occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall give notice 
of such occurrence to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.  
 
Following the occurrence of a Sanctions Disruption Event:  
 
(A) the date for payment of such  amount payable (if any) under the Warrants (the “Disrupted Amount”) will be postponed to the 
second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the Sanctions Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the Scheduled ExpirationDate (the “Released Payment Date”).  (B) 
Payments of Disrupted Amounts, in particular but not limited to the situation where the Released Payment Date occurs later than the 
Scheduled Expiration Date, may be made outside the Clearing Systems if the relevant Clearing System(s) has/have decided that 
these payments are no longer eligible for its operations and transactions.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in these Sanctions Disruption Event provisions shall prevent the Issuer from determining 
the occurrence of any other event under these Terms and Conditions of the Warrants or any applicable Additional Terms and 
Conditions. 
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or payment made in a Payment Disruption 
Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.11 shall constitute an Event of Default. 
 
“Sanctions Disruption Event” means the payment as envisaged pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Guarantee 
and the Agency Agreement, the SEB Agency Agreement, the Spanish Agency Agreement, the EUI Agency Agreement or the Swiss 
Paying Agency Agreement or any other paying agency agreement or any other paying agency agreement, of an amount payable (if 
any) under the Warrants, by the Issuer or the Guarantor would constitute a breach or violation of Sanctions, including following the 
change of interpretation of existing Sanctions. 
 
Sanctions means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar measures enacted, administered or enforced by 
any of the following (or by any agency of any of the following):  
(a) the United Nations;  
(b) the United States of America;  
(c) the United Kingdom; or  
(d) the European Union or any present or future member state thereof. 
 
5.12 Cyber-attacks  
 
If on or prior to a due date for payment of an amount payable (if any) under the Warrants and/or the Guarantee (such date a “Cyber-
attack Disruption Date”) a Cyber-attack occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent (a “Cyber-attack Disruption Event”) , the 
Issuer shall give notice of such occurrence to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter.  
 
Following the occurrence of a Cyber-attack Disruption Event:  
- the date for payment of such amount payable (if any) under the Warrants and/or the Guarantee (the “Cyber-attack Disrupted 
Amount”) will be postponed to the second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the Cyber-
attack Disruption Event is no longer subsisting which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the Scheduled Expiration Date, 
provided that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor shall make their best endeavours to implement remedies as soon as reasonably 
practicable to eliminate the impact of the Cyber-attack Disruption Event on its/their payment obligations of the Cyber-attack Disrupted 
Amount under the Warrants and/or the Guarantee (as applicable). 
 
“Data” means any digital information, stored or used by the Computer System, including confidential data.  
 
“Cyber-attack” means any malicious action or attempt initiated to steal, expose, alter, disable or destroy information through 
unauthorised access or maintenance or use of to the Computer Systems of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, their 
respective affiliates (the "SG Group"), their IT service providers, by (and without limitation) the use of malware, ransomware, phishing, 
denial or disruption of service or cryptojacking or any unauthorized entry, removal , reproduction, transmission, deletion, disclosure  
or modification preventing the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent to perform their obligations under the Warrants, and 
notwithstanding  the implementation of processes, required, as the case may be, by the laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and their affiliates, or their IT service providers to improve their resilience to these actions and 
attempts.  
 
“Computer System” means all the computer resources including, in particular: hardware, software packages, software, databases 
and peripherals, equipment, networks, electronic installations for storing computer data, including Data. 
 
The Computer System shall be understood to be that which: 
- belongs to the SG Group and/or; 
- is rented, operated or legally held by the SG Group under a contract with the holder of the rights to the said system and/or;  
- is operated on behalf of the SG Group by a third party within the scope of a contractual relationship and/or; 
- is made available to the SG Group under a contract within the framework of a shared system (in particular cloud computing). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in these provisions shall prevent the Issuer from making any other determination under 
these Terms and Conditions of the Warrants or any applicable Additional Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 151 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
151 
 
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or payment made in a Payment Disruption 
Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.12 shall constitute an Event of Default. 
 
5.13 Provisions specific to Renminbi Currency Event 
 
If "Renminbi Currency Event" is specified in the applicable Final Terms and a Renminbi Currency Event, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, exists on a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Warrant, the Issuer may determine one or more of 
the following, and require the Calculation Agent to take such action or make such determination accordingly: 
 
(a) the relevant payment of the Issuer be postponed to 10 Business Days after the date on which the Renminbi Currency Event ceases 
to exist or, if that would not be possible (as determined by the Issuer acting in good faith) as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter;  
 
(b) that the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in Renminbi under the terms of the Warrants be replaced by an obligation to pay 
such amount in the Relevant Currency (converted at the Alternate Settlement Rate determined by the Calculation Agent as of a time 
selected in good faith by the Calculation Agent); and/or 
 
(c) the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, of the Warrants, each Warrant being redeemed at its Early Termination Settlement 
Amount. 
 
Upon the occurrence of a Renminbi Currency Event, the Issuer shall give notice, as soon as practicable, to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with the Condition 13 stating the occurrence of the Renminbi Currency Event, giving brief details thereof and the action 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition:  
 
Alternate Settlement Rate means the spot rate between Renminbi and the Relevant Currency determined by the Calculation Agent, 
taking into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including, but not limited to, the pricing 
information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable market outside the PRC and/or the Renminbi exchange market inside the 
PRC). 
 
Renminbi Currency Event means any one of Renminbi Illiquidity, Renminbi Non-Transferability and Renminbi Inconvertibility. 
 
Renminbi Illiquidity means the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid as a result of which the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to make a payment or perform any other of its obligations under 
the Warrants, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
Renminbi Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates to convert any amount into or from Renminbi as may be required to be paid by the Issuer under the Warrants on 
any payment date or such other amount as may be determined by the Calculation Agent at the general Renminbi exchange market 
in Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the 
relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation 
is enacted after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Issue of Warrants and it is impossible or, having used its reasonable 
endeavours, impractical, for the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer or the relevant 
affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).  
 
Renminbi Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer 
and/or any of its affiliates to deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an account 
outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer and/or the 
relevant affiliate to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation 
is enacted after the Issue Date and it is impossible or, having used its reasonable endeavours, impractical, for the Issuer and/or any 
of its affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the relevant affiliate, to comply with such law, rule or regulation).  
 
Governmental Authority means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, 
administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets 
(including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
 
Relevant Currency means U.S. dollars, Hong Kong Dollars or such other currency as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5.14 Physical Delivery Warrants 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Physical Delivery Warrant Provisions" is "Applicable" , this Condition applies. 
 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Deliverable Asset(s), the Physical Delivery Amount, the provisions governing 
whether transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) or payment of a cash sum will apply, the Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement and the 
method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
Deliverable Asset(s) means the deliverable asset(s) which may be either:

--- Page 152 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
152 
 
(i) the Underlying(s) of the Warrants specified under the paragraph "Underlying(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, which may be any 
Underlying as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants; or  
 
(ii) if different from the Underlying(s) of the Warrants, a share, an American or global depositary receipt and/or an exchange traded 
fund and/or a fund and/or an exchange traded product and/or a bond and/or a future, and/or any other assets specified under the 
paragraph "Deliverable Asset(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, in such case the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to such deliverable asset (as if such asset was an underlying of the Warrant) shall apply in respect to any definition or event 
related to such deliverable asset shall apply, or in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, the “Specified Deliverable Obligation(s)” subject 
to the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants. 
 
However, 
 
(a) no share in Societe Generale or the Group will be deliverable. If a Share in Societe Generale or the Group should be delivered, 
such share will be replaced by, in due proportion, an equivalent amount in cash; and 
 
(b) no Fund Unit in respect of any underlying fund which is a hedge fund will be delivered to retail investors. 
 
The Deliverable Assets to be delivered in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants will: 
 
(1)    if "Market Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable Assets, have an 
aggregate market value, based on the closing price of the applicable Deliverable Assets on the Expiration Date, Event-linked Early 
Expiration Date, Optional Early Expiration Date or cancellation date, as the case may be and as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
equivalent to the Physical Delivery Amount (as determined for the purposes of Condition 5.2 or following any early expiration or 
cancellation, as the case may be) relating to the Warrants; 
 
(2)    if "Nominal Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable Assets, have an 
aggregate nominal amount equivalent to the Physical Delivery Amount (as determined for the purposes of Condition 5.2 or following 
any early expiration or cancellation, as the case may be) relating to the Warrants; and 
 
(3)    if "Other" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable Assets, be an amount as 
determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Physical Delivery Amount means an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Final Settlement Price divided (if applicable) 
by the Parity (as defined in Condition 5.2 below).  
 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "Physical Delivery Amount(s)", shall mean such amount less any expenses, 
fees, stamp duty, levies or other amounts including, but not limited to, any taxes or duties arising from the delivery or transfer of 
Deliverable Asset(s) payable on or in respect of such Physical Delivery Amount(s). 
 
5.14.1  Method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of Physical Delivery Amount 
 
When the settlement of a Physical Delivery Warrant is by way of physical delivery, the delivery of any Physical Delivery Amount or 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be (including, without limitation, liability for the costs of transfer of 
Deliverable Asset(s)) will be made through Clearstream, Euroclear, Iberclear or Monte Titoli or other relevant Clearing System. 
 
The Deliverable Asset(s) will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Warrantholders in such manner as may be specified in the transfer 
notice pursuant to which such Deliverable Assets are delivered (the Transfer Notice), the form of which is annexed to the Agency 
Agreement and, notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, no additional payment or delivery will be due to a Warrantholder 
where any Deliverable Asset(s) is/are delivered after their due date in circumstances beyond the control of either the Issuer or the 
Settlement Agent. The Transfer Notice will be delivered using the transfer procedures currently utilised by the relevant Clearing 
System. 
 
A Warrantholder’s entitlement to any Physical Delivery Amount or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, 
will be evidenced: 
 
(i) by the Warrantholders’ account balance appearing on the records of the relevant Clearing System; 
 
(ii) in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, by the account balances appearing in the records of the relevant Clearing System or, if 
necessary, the number of Warrants held by each Warrantholder as notified to the Principal Paying Agent by the relevant Clearing 
System; and  
 
(iii) in the case of Definitive Registered Warrants, by the entries maintained at the relevant time on the Register maintained by the 
Registrar. 
 
When Warrants are held in a Clearing System, to the extent that a beneficial Warrantholder holds such Warrants through a custodian, 
the Issuer may in its discretion (and subject to obtaining such proof, evidence and/or indemnity arrangements as it deems appropriate) 
take account of such custodial arrangements when determining where to deliver Deliverable Asset(s) which form the Physical Delivery 
Amount.

--- Page 153 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
153 
Any delivery of Deliverable Assets will only be made in compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 
5.14.2    Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement 
 
When the applicable Final Terms specify that “Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement" is Applicable, the Issuer may elect to pay 
or cause to be paid to the Warrantholder the Cash Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date, as the case may be, in lieu of its 
obligation to deliver or procure delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount. Notification of any such election will be given to the 
Warrantholder in accordance with Condition 13.  
 
In such case no payment in respect of the Exercise Price will be due by the Warrantholder. 
 
5.14.3 Fractional Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants 
 
If the Physical Delivery Amount or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, comprises less than a whole 
number of securities at the relevant time, then (i) the relevant Issuer shall not deliver and the relevant Warrantholder shall not be 
entitled to receive in respect of its Warrants that fraction of a security (the Fractional Entitlement) and (ii) the Issuer shall pay to the 
relevant Warrantholder a cash amount equal to the value of such Fractional Entitlement (as determined by or on behalf of the relevant 
Issuer). 
 
5.14.4 No obligations in relation to underlying asset 
 
Except as expressly provided, the purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (whether in respect of 
voting, distributions or otherwise) attached to any Underlying. 
 
The Issuer shall be under no obligation to register or procure the registration of any Warrantholder or any other person as the 
registered holder in respect of any relevant asset(s) comprised in any Physical Delivery Amount in any relevant register.  
 
For such period of time after the Settlement Date as the Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal 
owner of any asset(s) comprised in any assets comprising the Physical Delivery Amount (or equivalent amounts in circumstances 
where the Warrants are subject to early expiration, purchase or cancellation) (the Intervening Period), neither the Issuer nor any 
other such person shall (a) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant Warrantholder or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of such asset(s) or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment 
whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such asset(s), (b) be under any obligation to exercise or procure 
exercise of any or all rights (including any voting rights) attaching to such asset(s) during the Intervening Period or (c) be under any 
liability to the relevant Warrantholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such asset(s) or any other person in respect of any loss 
or damage which the relevant Warrantholder or subsequent beneficial owner or any other person may sustain or suffer as a result, 
whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any other such person being the legal owner of such asset(s) during such Intervening 
Period.  
 
5.14.5    Settlement Disruption Event 
 
If a Settlement Disruption Event does prevent delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount on the Settlement Date, then, such delivery 
shall occur on the first succeeding day on which delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount can take place through the relevant Clearing 
System (the Actual Settlement Date) unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents delivery for a period of 20 Clearing System 
Days immediately following the original date that would have been the Actual Settlement Date (the Delivery Period). In that latter 
case, the Issuer shall, in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Warrant, the fair market value of the 
number of  Underlying(s) to be delivered (the Fair Market Value) converted into the Settlement Currency at the current exchange 
rate, if applicable. 
 
The Fair Market Value will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the market conditions on the first Business Day 
following the Delivery Period: 
 
(a) if a dividend is paid in respect of the Deliverable Asset(s) from and including the Exercise Date to and, as the case may be, (a) 
excluding the Delivery Date or (b) including, in the event of a Settlement Disruption Event, the date on which the Fair Market Value is 
calculated, then, the net dividend amount relating to the number of Deliverable Asset(s) to be delivered per Warrant (excluding any 
related tax credit) converted into the Settlement Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable, will be paid in cash to the 
Warrantholders as soon as practicable; and 
 
(b) all stamp duties, or other similar taxes and/or duties, in respect of physical delivery of Deliverable Asset(s) shall be borne by the 
Warrantholders. 
 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, upon the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall, 
in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Warrant, the Credit Event Payment per Undeliverable 
Obligations (as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) to be delivered converted into the 
Settlement Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Clearing System Day means, in respect of a Clearing System, any day on which such Clearing System is open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions.

--- Page 154 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
154 
 
Delivery Date means, as the case may be, (a) the scheduled Settlement Date or (b) in the event of a Settlement Disruption Event, 
the Actual Settlement Date. 
 
Settlement Disruption Event means any event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the relevant Clearing System 
cannot clear the transfer of the Physical Delivery Amount.  
 
 
6.  SETTLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
This Condition is subject to the provisions of Condition 6.6 in respect of Open-ended Warrants. 
 
6.1    Cash Settled Warrants 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, each Cash Settled Warrant entitles the 
Warrantholder (upon delivering a valid Exercise Notice in the proper form where Automatic Exercise in accordance with Condition 
3.4.7 does not apply) to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date an amount (the Cash Settlement Amount) in the Settlement 
Currency equal to the excess (if any, converted if necessary on the basis of the Conversion Rate or failing which the Substitute 
Conversion Rate) of: 
 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Settlement Price over the Exercise Price; or 
 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Exercise Price over the Final Settlement Price, 
 
then divided (if applicable) by the Parity, 
 
where, 
 
Conversion Rate means the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Cash Settlement 
Amount is denominated, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Exercise Price shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, subject to amendment from time to time in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions. 
 
Final Settlement Price means: 
 
(1)    if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Final Settlement Price shall have the meaning given to it in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be;  
 
(2)    otherwise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Parity shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Date means up to six Business Days following the Exercise Date or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Substitute Conversion Rate means the arithmetic mean, rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.0001 (0.000005 and above being 
rounded upwards), as determined by the Calculation Agent of the relevant currency spot offered exchange rate quotations in respect 
of the underlying exchange rate(s) of the Conversion Rate, about two hours after the time at which the underlying exchange rate(s) 
of the Conversion Rate would ordinarily have been announced, by three first ranking banks of the United Kingdom or the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (except Societe Generale) selected by the Calculation Agent, or any other rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
6.2  Physical Delivery Warrants 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, each Physical Delivery Warrant entitles the 
Warrantholder (upon delivering a valid Exercise Notice in the proper form) to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the 
transfer of Deliverable Assets, the amount of which will be determined by reference to the Physical Delivery Amount (as further set 
out in, and subject to adjustment in accordance with, Condition 5.12 and any other applicable Terms and Conditions), subject to 
payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity,  
 
where, 
 
Delivery Period means 20 Clearing System Days immediately following the Scheduled Settlement Date.

--- Page 155 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
155 
Exercise Price shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, subject to amendment from time to time in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions. 
 
Final Settlement Price means: 
 
(1)    if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Final Settlement Price shall have the meaning given to it in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be;  
 
(2)    otherwise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Clearing System Day means, in respect of a Clearing System, any day on which such Clearing System is open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
 
Parity shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Scheduled Settlement Date means up to six Business Days following the Exercise Date or such other date as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Date means the first day during the Delivery Period when the Issuer is able to deliver the Deliverable Assets to the 
Warrantholder or such other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
6.3 Cancellation for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force Majeure Event or Event of Default 
 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
 
Change in Law means (i) the adoption, enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of any applicable new law, regulation or 
rule (including, without limitation, any applicable tax law, regulation or rule) after the Issue Date of the Warrants, (ii) the implementation 
or application of any applicable law, regulation or rule (including, without limitation, any applicable tax law, regulation or rule) already 
in force on the Issue Date of the Warrants but in respect of which the manner of its implementation or application was not known or 
unclear at the Issue Date, or (iii) the change of any applicable law, regulation or rule existing at the Issue Date of the Warrants, or the 
change in the interpretation or application or practice relating thereto, existing on the Issue Date of the Warrants of any applicable 
law, regulation or rule, by any competent court, tribunal, regulatory authority or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, 
judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any additional or alternative 
court, tribunal, authority or entity, to that existing on the Issue Date).  
 
Early Termination of the Warrants means the cancellation of the Warrants, in whole, but not in part, at any time at (i) in the case of 
Cash Settled Warrants, their Early Termination Settlement Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.5.2 or, (ii) in the case 
of Physical Delivery Warrants and subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, delivery of the Early 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount referred to in Condition 6.5.2 and Deliverable Asset(s) of a type specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
 
Force Majeure Event means that, by reason of the occurrence of an event or an act of state, on or after the Issue Date, for which 
the Relevant Entity (as defined below) is not accountable, it becomes impossible and insurmountable for the Relevant Entity to perform 
its obligations under the Warrants, so that the continuance of the Warrants is thereby rendered definitively impossible. 
 
Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder means that the Issuer will apply “Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date” in accordance with Condition 6.8 but will also offer the Warrantholders the choice to cancel their Warrants at their 
option prior to the Expiration Date in whole. In the case a Warrantholder requires the Issuer to cancel such Warrants, the Issuer shall 
terminate its obligations under such Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Termination Settlement Amount as defined 
in Condition 6.5.2. 
 
Regulatory Event means, following the occurrence of a Change in Law with respect to the Issuer and/or Societe Generale as 
Guarantor or in any other capacity (including without limitation as market maker of the Warrants or direct or indirect shareholder or 
sponsor of the Issuer) or any of its affiliates involved in the issue of the Warrants (hereafter the Relevant Affiliates and each of the 
Issuer, Societe Generale and the Relevant Affiliates, a Relevant Entity) that, after the Issue Date of the Warrants, (i) any Relevant 
Entity would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing prior to such event) amount of tax, duty, liability, 
penalty, expense, fee, cost or regulatory capital charge however defined or collateral requirements for performing its obligations under 
the Warrants, including, without limitations, due to clearing requirements of, or the absence of, clearing of the transactions entered 
into in connection with the issue of the Warrants, (ii) it would be required from the Relevant Entity to obtain any licence, authorization, 
approval, permit, registration from any governmental, inter-governmental, supranational authority, agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof that it does not hold as of the Issue Date or to modify its by-laws to comply with the new requirements (a) to hold, 
acquire, issue, reissue, substitute, maintain, redeem, settle or as the case may be, guarantee, the Warrants, (b) to acquire, hold, 
sponsor or dispose of any asset(s) (or any interests thereof) of any other transaction(s) such Relevant Entity may use in connection 
with the issue of the Warrants, (c) to perform obligations in connection with, the Warrants or any contractual arrangement entered

--- Page 156 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
156 
into between the Issuer and Societe Generale or any Relevant Affiliate or (d) to hold, acquire, maintain, increase, substitute or redeem 
all or a substantial part of its direct or indirect shareholding in the Issuer’s capital or the capital of any Relevant Affiliate or to directly 
or indirectly sponsor the Issuer or any Relevant Affiliate, or (iii) there is or may be a material adverse effect on a Relevant Entity in 
connection with the issue of the Warrants. 
 
Relevant Notice means, subject to Condition 9 in respect of Event of Default, a notice given in accordance with Condition 13 (i) not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days, in respect of a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event or a Force Majeure Event, (ii) not less than 7 nor 
more than 45 days in respect of a Special Tax Event, to the Warrantholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
 
Special Tax Event means that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would, on the occasion of the next payment (including 
payment of principal or interest, if any) or delivery in respect of the Warrants, be prevented by the law of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined 
in Condition 7) from causing payment or delivery, as the case may be, to be made to the Warrantholders of the full amount then due 
and payable or deliverable, as the case may be, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 
6.2. 
 
Tax Event means that (i) the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants, and (ii) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it. 
 
A Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event or Force Majeure Event are each an Exceptional Event and together the 
Exceptional Events. 
 
if the applicable Final Terms specify: 
 
(a) “Early Termination”  
 
then, upon the occurrence of an Exceptional Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant Notice, apply Early Termination 
of the Warrants as defined above, or  
 
(b) “Early Termination or Monetisation until the Expiration Date”,  
 
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant 
Notice, decide to apply either: 
 
(i) Early Termination of the Warrants, or  
 
(ii) "Monetisation until the Expiration Date" in accordance with Condition 6.8,  
 
and upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event, or Event of Default (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Event of 
Default is Not Applicable) the Calculation Agent may only apply Early Termination of the Warrants, or 
 
(c) “Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder, except for Force Majeure Event or Event of Default”,  
 
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant 
Notice, apply Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder as defined above, and 
 
upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event or Event of Default (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Event of Default is 
Not Applicable), the Calculation Agent may only apply Early Termination of the Warrants.  
 
If following the occurrence of Tax Event or Special Tax Event, Early Termination of the Warrants does not apply (in accordance with 
(b) or (c) above), then Condition 7.2 “Gross-up” will not apply. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Tax Event or Special Tax Event is Not Applicable, then in case of occurrence of a Tax Event 
or Special Tax Event the Warrants will remain unchanged. 
 
6.4 Early Expiration prior to the Expiration Date of the Warrants  
 
6.4.1 Optional early expiration of the Warrants 
 
6.4.1.1     Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer" is "Applicable", the Warrants are subject 
to:  
 
(a)     with respect to Cash Settled Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Issuer at the Optional Early 
Settlement Amount (as defined in Condition 6.4.1.4 below) on the Optional Early Settlement Date(s) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or

--- Page 157 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
157 
 
(b)     with respect to Physical Delivery Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Issuer on the Optional 
Early Settlement Date(s), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity and any other sums payable 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms, by delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount, such amount to be determined in the same 
manner as the Physical Delivery Amount is determined in accordance with Condition 5.12 save that references therein to the Final 
Settlement Price shall be deemed to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Price (as defined below in Condition 6.4.1.4).  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the Notice Period (as defined in Condition 6.4.1.5 below).  
  
6.4.1.1.2     Optional Early Expiration in part 
 
If, with respect to Warrants, the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration in part" is "Applicable", the applicable 
Final Terms will specify the Minimum Number of Warrants and the Maximum Number of Warrants.  
 
Any such partial optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer, must be equal to a number of Warrants not less than a minimum 
number of Warrants to be subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer (the Minimum Number of Warrants subject 
to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer) or any integral multiple thereof and not more than a maximum number of 
Warrants subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer (the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional 
Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer), each amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Warrants to be exercised (the Early Expired Warrants) will be selected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Warrants in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System and in accordance with the applicable law and regulations not more than 
thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed for early expiration (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date) and in 
the manner prescribed by the relevant Clearing System, as the case may be. 
 
6.4.1.2     Trigger early settlement of the Warrants at the option of the Issuer 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Trigger early settlement at the option of the Issuer" is "Applicable", then in the event that at 
any time during the life of the Warrants and for any reason whatsoever, the Aggregate Number of Outstanding Warrants equals or 
falls below the Outstanding Amount Trigger Level, the Issuer shall have the option, subject to any applicable law and regulation, to 
exercise all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Warrants at (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount for such Warrants as determined in accordance with Condition 
6.5.2 or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the amount of Deliverable Assets equals to the Early Trigger Level Physical 
Delivery Amount, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, upon giving not less than fifteen (15) 
Business Days' notice to Warrantholders (in accordance with Condition 13), specifying the applicable Trigger Early Settlement Date. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Aggregate Number of Outstanding Warrants means, at any time, the number of Warrants outstanding held at such time by 
Warrantholders other than Societe Generale or its affiliates for their own account as determined in good faith by the Principal Paying 
Agent in consultation with the clearing institution(s) in or through which the Warrants are held and transactions in such Warrants are 
cleared. 
 
Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount means an amount to be determined in the same manner as the Physical Delivery 
Amount is determined in accordance with Condition 5.12 save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed 
to be references to the Early Trigger Level Settlement Price. 
 
Early Trigger Level Settlement Price means: 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of (i) the Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount 
multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price; and 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Early Trigger Level 
Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity. 
 
Outstanding Amount Trigger Level means 10% of the Aggregate Number of Outstanding Warrants initially issued or, if different 
from 10%, the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Trigger Early Settlement Date means the date specified by the Issuer for settlement of Warrants subject to Trigger early settlement 
at the option of the Issuer. 
 
6.4.1.3   Early Expiration of the Warrants at the option of the Warrantholders  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder" is "Applicable", the Warrants 
are subject to: 
 
(a)     with respect to Cash Settled Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Warrantholder at the Optional 
Early Settlement Amount (as defined in Condition 6.4.1.4  below) on the Optional Early Settlement Date(s) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or  
 
(b)     with respect to Physical Delivery Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Warrantholder on the 
Optional Early Settlement Date(s), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity and any other sums

--- Page 158 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
158 
payable as set out in the applicable Final Terms, by delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount, such amount to be determined in the 
same manner as the Physical Delivery Amount is determined in accordance with Condition 5.12 save that references therein to the 
Final Settlement Price shall be deemed to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Price (as defined below in Condition 6.4.1.4).  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the Notice Period (as defined in Condition 6.4.1.5 below).  
 
In addition, if "Optional Early Expiration in part" is “Applicable”, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Minimum Number of 
Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder and the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder. 
 
Any such partial optional early expiration must be equal to a number of Warrants not less than a minimum number of Warrants to be 
subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Warrantholder (the Minimum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early 
Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder) or any integral multiple thereof and not more than a maximum number of Warrants 
subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Warrantholder (the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early 
Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder), each amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where a Warrantholder 
delivers (i) a Warrantholder Optional Early Exercise Notice which specifies a number of Warrants to be subject to optional early 
expiration which is less than the Minimum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder 
(or in a number which is not an integral multiple of the minimum number), such notice shall be deemed to be void of no effect and (ii) 
a Warrantholder Optional Early Exercise Notice which specifies a number of Warrants to be subject to optional early expiration which 
is more than the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder, such notice 
shall be deemed to refer only to a number of Warrants equal to the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration 
at the option of the Warrantholder. 
 
6.4.1.4 Optional Early Settlement Amount and Optional Early Settlement Price of the Warrants 
 
The Optional Early Settlement Amount and the Optional Early Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance with one of the 
following options, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Option 1: 
 
The Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Optional Early Settlement Price shall be equal to: 
 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) Optional Early Settlement Amount multiplied, 
if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Optional Early Settlement 
Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity. 
 
Option 2: 
 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants and Physical Delivery Warrants, as applicable, the Optional Early Settlement Price shall 
be equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants, the Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to: 
 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the excess (if any) of the Optional Early Settlement Price 
over the Exercise Price; or 
 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the excess (if any) of the Exercise Price over the Optional 
Early Settlement Price, divided (if applicable) by the Parity. 
 
Option 3: 
 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants, the Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be determined in the same manner as the 
Cash Settlement Amount in accordance with Condition 6.1, save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed 
to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Price. 
 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants and Physical Delivery Warrants, as applicable, the Optional Early Settlement Price 
means: 
 
(1)    the Final Settlement Price that would have been determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, save that the Final 
Settlement Price shall be deemed to have been determined as at the Optional Early Settlement Valuation Date as opposed to the 
date on which the Final Settlement Price is actually required to be determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms;  
 
(2)    otherwise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Optional Early Settlement Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 159 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
159 
Option 4: 
 
The Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to the Market Value (as defined in Condition 6.5.2 below). 
 
The Optional Early Settlement Price shall be equal to: 
 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) Optional Early Settlement Amount multiplied, 
if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Optional Early Settlement 
Amount multiplied, if applicable by the Parity. 
 
6.4.1.5 Notice Period  
 
6.4.1.5.1 Notice Period in case of optional expiration of the Warrants at the option of the Issuer 
  
Upon having given notice to the Warrantholders (in accordance with Condition 13) pursuant to a notice period (the Notice Period) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Optional Early Settlement Date, the 
Issuer shall terminate all (or the relevant part where Optional Early Expiration in part applies) of the Warrants on the Optional Early 
Expiration Date(s). 
 
In respect of any Credit Linked Warrants or Bond Linked Warrants, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition shall be 
void and of no effect in relation to these Credit Linked Warrants or Bond Linked Warrants in the event that a Credit Event Notice or a 
Bond Event Notice, has been, or is, delivered to the Warrantholders at any time on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (Paris time) on the fourth 
Business Day preceding the date fixed for exercise or cancellation in accordance with this Condition 6. 
 
In respect of any Warrant, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition shall be void and of no effect in relation to that 
Warrant in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the Warrantholder had already delivered a Warrantholder 
Optional Exercise Notice in relation to that Warrant in accordance with Condition 6.4.1.3. 
 
6.4.1.5.2 Notice Period in case of Early Expiration of the Warrants at the option of the Warrantholder 
 
Subject to Condition 6.4.1.3, a Warrantholder shall have the option to require that a Warrant be subject to Optional Early Expiration 
at the option of the Warrantholder upon such Warrantholder giving notice to the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 13, not less than 
15 or more than 30 days’ notice or any other notice period (the Notice Period) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
It may be that before an option to require that a Warrant be subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder, 
certain conditions and/or circumstances, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will need to be satisfied. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of Warrants where a Warrantholder is not entitled to deliver a Put Notice or a Warrantholder 
Optional Early Expiration Notice (as defined below) by virtue of Condition 6.4.1.3 and in circumstances where no such notice is 
delivered, the relevant Warrants shall be subject to exercise or cancellation in the manner provided in the remaining provisions of this 
Condition 6.  
 
Any Put Notice or Optional Early Expiration Notice given by a Warrantholder pursuant to this Condition shall be: 
 
(i) irrevocable except where prior to the due date of the Optional Early Expiration Date(s) if an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing in which event such Warrantholder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to 
this Condition and instead to declare such Warrant forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 9 below; and 
 
(ii) void and of no effect in relation to such Warrant in the event that, prior to the giving of such Put Notice or Optional Early Expiration 
Notice by the relevant Warrantholder (A) such Warrant constituted an Early Expired Warrant (as defined in Condition 6.4.1.1.2), (B) 
the Issuer had notified the Warrantholders of its intention to  cancel all of the Warrants in an Issue of Warrants then outstanding, in 
each case pursuant to Condition 14 or (C) the Warrants were otherwise already subject to early expiration or termination in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions. 
 
To exercise the right to require that a Warrant is subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder, the 
Warrantholder must deliver a duly completed and signed notice in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registration Agent (a Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice). Any 
such Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice must be delivered in same the manner as an Exercise Notice is delivered in 
accordance with Condition 3.3, as the case may be, save that (a) references therein to an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be 
references to the Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice, (b) references to Warrants being exercised shall be deemed to be 
references to Warrants being exercised early in accordance with this Condition, (c) references to the Settlement Date shall be deemed 
to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Date and (d) references to the Cash Settlement Amount or shall be deemed to be 
references to the Optional Early Settlement Amount. Conditions 3.3.2 to 3.3.4 shall apply equally to any Warrantholder Optional Early 
Expiration Notice which is delivered. 
 
6.4.2 Event-linked Early Expiration of the Warrants

--- Page 160 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
160 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Event-linked Early Expiration" is "Applicable", the Warrants are subject to expiration prior 
to the Expiration Date following an early expiration event (the Early Expiration Event) at the early settlement amount (Event-linked 
Early Settlement Amount) or the early settlement price (the Event-linked Early Settlement Price) as the case may be, on the early 
expiration date(s) (the Event-linked Early Expiration Date(s)) or the early settlement date (the Event-linked Early Settlement 
Date) as the case may be.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the period within which event-linked early expiration will apply (the Event-linked Early 
Expiration Period) (unless the Warrants are subject to Automatic Exercise). 
 
Save where Warrants are subject to Automatic Exercise, upon the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event the Warrants shall be 
capable of being exercised in accordance with this Condition and any Warrantholder will have the right in the Event-linked Early 
Expiration Period to decide that all the Warrants held by that Warrantholder (an Event-linked Early Expiration Election) will expire 
early (Event-linked Early Expiration). 
 
In circumstances where no Event-linked Early Expiration Election has been made in respect of a Warrant within the Event-linked Early 
Expiration Period, such Warrant will be cancelled immediately on expiry of the Event-linked Early Expiration Period and no amounts 
will be payable or deliverable in respect of such Warrant. 
 
Where required by: 
 
(1) applicable laws or regulations and/or, in the case of listed Warrants, the regulations applicable on any Regulated Market or other 
stock exchange on which the Warrants are for the time being listed; or 
 
(2) any relevant authority by which the Warrants have been admitted to trading, 
 
the occurrence of the relevant Early Expiration Event will be notified to the Warrantholders by the Issuer in the manner set out in 
Condition 13. 
 
Event-linked Early Expiration will be effected by delivery of a duly completed notice (an Event-linked Early Expiration Notice) in the 
manner set out in Conditions 3.4.1 to 3.4.6 save that: 
 
(a)     references therein to an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Expiration Notice; 
 
(b)     references to Warrants being exercised shall be deemed to be references to Warrants subject to Event-linked Early Expiration; 
 
(c)     references to the Settlement Date shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Settlement Date; and 
 
(d)     references to the Cash Settlement Amount shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount. 
 
Following the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event, Warrants shall only be capable of being exercised, and an Event-linked Early 
Expiration Notice may only be delivered, during the Event-linked Early Expiration Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Event-linked Early Expiration Period may start and/or end on specific dates or otherwise be determined by reference to another 
date or period or the occurrence of an event. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, where Automatic Exercise is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Warrants will be subject to automatic exercise in accordance with Condition 3.4.7 upon the occurrence of an Early 
Expiration Event. In such circumstances, the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount will be deliverable to Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 3.4.7 (without the need for prior delivery of an Event-linked Early Expiration Notice or any other action on 
the part of the Warrantholders, subject to the provisions of Condition 3.4.7), as if references therein to the "Cash Settlement Amount" 
were references to the "Event-linked Early Settlement Amount" and references to the "Settlement Date" were references to the "Event-
linked Early Settlement Date". 
 
Any Warrants which are subject to Event-linked Early Expiration will be settled on the Event-linked Early Settlement Date: 
 
(1)    in the case of the Physical Delivery Warrants, by delivery of Deliverable Asset(s) in an amount equal to the Event-linked Early 
Settlement Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity in the manner contemplated in Condition 6.2, subject to payment of the Exercise 
Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity and any other sums payable as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(2)    in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, at the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, such amount being determined in same 
manner as the Cash Settlement Amount under Condition 6.1 save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall be 
deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Settlement Price. 
 
The Event-linked Early Settlement Price means: 
 
(a)    if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Early Settlement Price, as defined in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be;  
 
(b)    otherwise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 161 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
161 
 
6.5. Early Termination of the Warrants 
 
6.5.1     Left blank intentionally 
 
6.5.2    Early Termination of the Warrants 
 
Where the amount due to be paid to (or delivered to, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants) a Warrantholder as a result of the 
early expiration or cancellation of the Warrants is expressed to be the "Early Termination Settlement Amount" or the "Early Termination 
Physical Delivery Amount", as the case may be, such amount will be determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of this 
Condition. 
 
Early Termination Settlement Amount means the Market Value. 
 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount means an amount determined in the same manner as the Physical Delivery Amount 
would be determined in respect of the Warrants in accordance with Condition 5.12 save that references therein to the Final Settlement 
Price shall be deemed to be references to the Early Termination Settlement Price. 
 
Early Termination Settlement Price means: 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) the Early Termination Settlement Amount 
multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Early Termination 
Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable by the Parity. 
 
Market Value means (i) an amount equal to an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the due date for the early 
expiration or cancellation of the Warrant, shall represent the fair market value of the Warrant and shall have the effect (after taking 
into account the costs that cannot be avoided to settle the Warrants at the fair market value to the Warrantholders) of preserving for 
the Warrantholder the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Warrant which 
would, but for such early expiration or cancellation, have fallen due after the relevant early expiration or cancellation date, or (ii) in the 
event of Warrants listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be the fair market value of the Warrants immediately prior, and ignoring the 
circumstances leading, to such termination.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of calculating the Market Value following an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 9 only, 
no account shall be taken of the creditworthiness of: 
(A)     the Issuer, who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Warrants; or 
(B)     the Guarantor, which shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Guarantee. 
 
6.6 Open-ended Warrants 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Warrants are “Open-ended Warrants”, the Warrants will be exercisable in accordance 
with this Condition but will not have a fixed expiry date. As such, the Issuer will not be liable for the payment or delivery, as the case 
may be, of the Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date pursuant to Condition 6.1 or 5.2. The Issuer will, in full and final satisfaction 
of its obligations in respect of each Warrant, pay or deliver or procure payment or delivery of the Early Termination Settlement Amount 
or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, Optional Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early 
Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount or Event-linked Early Settlement Amount in accordance with this Condition 6.  
 
The Issuer will have the right to settle the Warrants, at their Optional Early Settlement Amount as per Condition 6.4.1.2 and the 
Warrantholder will have the right to request the Issuer to settle any Warrant at their Optional Early Settlement Amount as per Condition 
6.4.1.3. 
 
In relation to Credit Linked Warrants, the obligation to pay the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount will be subject to the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants. 
 
6.7 Forced transfer of Registered Warrants 
 
Any transfer or other disposition of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Warrant to a person that is not a Permitted Transferee 
will be void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever. Any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a 
Warrant in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such a Warrant. If the 
Issuer determines at any time that a holder of a Warrant (i) is a person that is not a Permitted Transferee, or (ii) purchased such 
Warrant in breach of the deemed or actual representations given by such Warrantholder upon the purchase of such Warrant, the 
Issuer may (a) redeem such Warrant, or (b) direct such Warrantholder to sell or transfer its Warrant to a Permitted Transferee in an 
offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S within 30 days following receipt of such notice, and if such 
Warrantholder fails to sell or transfer its Warrant within such 30 day period, the Issuer may transfer or sell such Warrant on behalf of 
such Warrantholder.  
 
No payments will be made on the affected Warrants from the date notice of the sale requirement is sent to the date on which the 
affected Warrants are sold.

--- Page 162 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
162 
There can be no assurance that a Warrantholder, or an interest therein, who is required to sell Warrants, or whose Warrants are sold 
on his behalf (pursuant to this Condition) will not incur a significant loss as a result of the need for the relevant Issuer, or for the 
transferor, to find a qualifying transferee willing to purchase the Warrants. Neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
nor any other party shall be liable to a Warrantholder for any such loss 
 
6.8 Monetisation until the Expiration Date  
 
If (i) for the purpose of Condition 6.3, the Issuer elects to apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date or if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that Early Termination Settlement Amount, will not apply or (ii) if pursuant to the applicable Additional Terms and Conditions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent elects to apply Monetisation as per this Condition, then the Issuer shall 
no longer be liable for the payment of the Optional Early Settlement Amount on the Optional Early Settlement Date or the Cash 
Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its 
obligations, pay an amount described in Conditions 5.8.1 and/or 5.8.2.  
 
In addition, in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants, following the occurrence of an event giving rise to the Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount related to the Optional Early 
Settlement Date and/or the Physical Delivery Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, as the case 
may be, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations and, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if 
applicable, by the Parity, deliver Deliverable Asset(s) in an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amount described in Condition 6.8.1 or 
5.8.2 and (ii) the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity.  
 
This Condition and the Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder will apply, if paragraph “Cancellation 
for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force Majeure Event or Event of Default” of the applicable Final Terms specifies 
that “Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder, except for Force Majeure Event or Event of Default” 
applies. 
 
All references to the word "fourth" in the paragraphs below may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
6.8.1  Monetisation of any Optional Early Settlement Amount  
 
6.8.1.1  In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, could be as low as zero 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date, an amount per Warrant, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor 
as the case may be would be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with 
the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Settlement 
Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes 
of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount 
pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method 
shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and 
(ii) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date (excluded). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned 
above can be as low as zero. 
 
6.8.1.2  In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount) 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Optional Early Settlement Date an amount per Warrant 
equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount, and (2) on the Settlement Date, an amount per Warrant, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference, if any, between:  
 
(a)     the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor as the case may be would 
be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Optional Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the 
assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant 
Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding 
Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) 
between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and  the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day 
preceding the Settlement Date (excluded), and  
 
(b)     an amount equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount.

--- Page 163 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
163 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned 
above can be as low as zero. 
 
6.8.2 Monetisation of the Settlement Amount  
 
6.8.2.1 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, 
could be as low as zero 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date, as the case may be, an amount per Warrant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a 
Hypothetical Investor as the case may be would be left with on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of the Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding 
Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) 
between (x) the Full Liquidation Date (included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day preceding 
the Settlement Date (excluded). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as 
low as zero 
 
6.8.2.2 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, 
cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Settlement Amount) 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date,  an amount per Warrant, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of  (1) the Minimum Settlement Amount and (2) an amount, equal to the positive difference, if 
any, between:  
 
(a)   (i)  the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, 
would be left with on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations 
or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge 
Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the 
Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (ii) 
interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (which for the 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Full Liquidation Date 
(included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date (excluded), and 
 
(b)     an amount equal to the Minimum Settlement Amount.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as 
low as zero. 
 
6.8.3   Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Expiration Date  
 
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a Calculation Period, the Calculation Amount 
for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any succeeding Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an amount equal to 
the sum of the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts for each of the previous 
Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period. 
 
Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Warrants are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day (as defined in Condition  3.6) of such Calculation 
Period. 
 
Compounding Method means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the Compounding Period Amounts for each 
Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period. 
 
Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and including a Compounding Date to but 
excluding the immediately following Compounding Date during that Calculation Period. 
 
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) the Adjusted Calculation Amount, (b) 
the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 164 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
164 
 
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the annualised interest rate that the Issuer offers in the 
Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant Compounding Period; the specific 
Compounding Rate used in respect of a Settlement Currency shall be available at the office of the Calculation Agent from the first 
day of a Calculation Period. 
 
Day Count Fraction means, for the purposes of Compounding Method, the exact number of days in a Compounding Period (the first 
included and the last excluded), divided by 360. 
 
Expiration Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Settlement Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with 
the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully 
received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be. 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate 
transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio 
basis, part or all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ or a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, obligations under the 
Warrants due on the Settlement Date apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Warrant provided that, if the Optional Full Liquidation 
Date has not occurred on or before the earlier of (x) the Expiration Date and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement 
Date, then Hedge Positions will include the Optional Hedge Positions.  
 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, 
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant laws or arrangements. 
 
Optional Early Settlement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
 
Optional Settlement Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
 
Optional Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of an Optional Early Settlement Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds 
of the Optional Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such 
Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hedge Positions) are deemed, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as 
the case may be. 
 
Optional Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a 
Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securitiess, options, futures, derivatives, interest 
rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio 
basis, a part or all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ obligations under the Warrants due on an Optional Early Settlement 
Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Warrant. 
 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the  Settlement Currency, the rate of 
exchange of the currency in which such amount is denominated into the  Settlement Currency used to convert such amount on such 
date into the  Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Settlement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
 
7. TAXATION  
 
7.1 Withholding taxes 
 
Unless specified otherwise in the Terms and Conditions, all payments and deliveries in respect of Warrants and, if applicable, under 
the Guarantee, shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
any jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
7.2 Gross-up 
 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) the Gross-up provision is not applicable or (ii) Early Termination for the purpose of 
Condition 7.1 is not applicable, this Condition will apply. 
 
If payments in respect of Warrants or (if applicable) under the Guarantee, are subject under the legislation of any Tax Jurisdiction, to 
a withholding or a deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, pay such

--- Page 165 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
165 
additional amount as may be necessary, in order that each Warrantholder after such withholding or deduction, will receive the full 
amount then due and payable provided that no such additional amount shall be payable with respect to any Warrant: 
 
(i) the holder of which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Warrant by reason of 
their being connected with Luxembourg (in the case of payments by SG Issuer) or France (in the case of payments by Societe 
Generale) or Germany (in the case of payments by SG Effekten) other than by the mere holding of such Warrant; or 
 
(ii) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below), except to the extent that the holder thereof 
would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have 
been a Payment Business Day (as defined in Condition 5.9); or 
 
(iii) in respect of Exempt Offers, if the applicable Final Terms indicate that no such additional amounts shall be payable. 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these General Terms and Conditions, in no event will the Issuer or Guarantor be required to 
pay any additional amounts in respect of the Warrants for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction (i) required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto, (ii) imposed pursuant to the Section 871(m) Regulations or (iii) imposed by any other law of the United States. In addition, in 
determining the amount of Section 871(m) withholding imposed, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" 
(as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of any exemption 
from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
 
If the Issuer determines that the Warrants are Specified Warrants pursuant to Section 871(m) Regulations, the applicable Final Terms 
will specify the withholding rate, the name of the entity which will withhold the rate and the e-mail address where the Warrantholders 
can request additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) Regulations. 
 
With respect to Specified Warrants that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an underlying U.S. security (i.e. a 
security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that includes U.S. securities, all payments on Warrants that reference such U.S. 
securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the 
Issuer will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of 
the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount 
deemed withheld. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Relevant Date means the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable 
has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent (or, in the case of Uncertificated Warrants), the holders of such Uncertificated 
Warrants) on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice 
to that effect is duly given to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
Section 871(m) Regulations means the U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the Code. 
 
Specified Warrants means, subject to special rules from 2017 through 2022 set out in Notice 2020-2 (the Notice), Warrants issued 
on or after 1 January 2017 that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. underlying equities as 
determined by the Issuer on the date for such Warrants as of which the expected delta of the product is determined by the Issuer, 
based on tests set out in the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations (for the purposes of the Notice, such Warrants are deemed “delta-
one” instruments).  
 
Tax Jurisdiction means either Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the 
case of payments by SG Issuer), or France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the 
case of payments by Societe Generale), or Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax (in the case of payments by SG Effekten).  
 
8. PRESCRIPTION 
 
Claims on Bearer Global Warrants, Registered Warrants, EUI Warrants and Uncertificated Warrants will become void unless claims 
in respect of payments are made within a period of ten years after the Relevant Date (as defined below) therefor. 
 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer Warrants, as amended (the Involuntary 
Dispossession Act 1996) requires that, in the event that (i) an opposition (opposition) has been filed in relation to the Warrants and 
(ii) the Warrants mature prior to becoming forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996), any amount that is 
payable under the Warrants, (but has not yet been paid to the Warrantholders) is paid to the Caisse des consignations in Luxembourg 
until the opposition has been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Warrants occurs. 
 
 
9. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
Upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an Event of Default):

--- Page 166 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
166 
(i) default by the Issuer is made in the payment or delivery of any amount due in respect of the Warrants and such default continues 
for a period of 30 days, unless the Guarantor (if any) shall have remedied such default before the expiry of such period, and save that 
the late delivery of any Deliverable Assets in the circumstances referred to in Condition 6.12 shall not constitute an Event of Default; 
or 
 
(ii) the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Warrants and the failure continues for 
a period of 60 days next following the service on the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor of a notice requiring the same to be 
remedied (except in any case where such failure is incapable of remedy, by the Issuer or the Guarantor, in which case no such 
continuation here above mentioned will be required); or 
 
(iii) the Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative 
or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction of its head office, or the Issuer consents to a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or the Issuer consents to a petition for its winding-up or liquidation by it or by such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer shall not 
constitute an Event of Default; or 
 
(iv) in the case of any Issue of Warrants in respect of which the Guarantee is applicable, the Guarantee ceases to be in full force and 
effect in respect of such Issue of Warrants, or notice is given by the Guarantor which would cause the Guarantee to cease to be in 
full force and effect in respect of such Issue of Warrants, or is rendered void for any cause or by any means whatsoever except if the 
same results from the occurrence of a Change in Law which constitutes a Regulatory Event as provided for in Condition 7.3; or 
 
(v) in the case of Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer, a Required Collateral Default Notice is delivered in relation to a Collateral 
Pool securing such Secured Warrants;  
 
then the Warrantholder may give written notice to the relevant Issuer and, (if applicable) the Guarantor, that the Warrants are, and 
they shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately cancelled and a payment will be due to such Warrantholder in an amount equal 
to, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Early Termination Settlement Amount or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants the 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount (subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity). 
 
 
10. REPLACEMENT OF WARRANTS 
 
Should any Warrant (except any Uncertificated Warrant) be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Global Warrants) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Warrants), subject to relevant stock exchange requirements and all applicable laws, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, 
inter alia, that if any allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Warrant is subsequently presented for payment, there shall be paid to the 
Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such  Warrant and otherwise as the Issuer or, if applicable, the 
Guarantor, may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Warrants must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. The 
replacement of Warrants in bearer form, in the case of loss or theft, is subject to the procedure of the Involuntary Dispossession Act 
1996. 
 
 
 
11. APPOINTMENT OF AGENTS 
 
11.1 Agents 
 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agent(s) and their initial specified 
offices are set out below (except with respect to Uncertificated Warrants and SIS Warrants) and the name(s) and the specified office 
of the Calculation Agent(s) are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In addition, the Principal Paying Agent may, (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) delegate certain of its functions and duties 
in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants to a settlement agent (the Settlement Agent). 
 
In relation to SIS Warrants and any other Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will maintain a Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent having a specified office in Switzerland (which, in the case of Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, shall at all times be a 
bank or securities dealer that is subject to supervision by FINMA) whose duties will be set out in the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, 
and the Issuer will at all time maintain a Paying Agent in respect of CHF-denominated SIS Warrants having a specified office in 
Switzerland. In relation to SIS Warrants, Uncertificated Swiss Warrants and any other Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, any 
reference in these Conditions to the Principal Paying Agent shall so far as the context permits be deemed to be a reference to the 
Principal Swiss Paying Agent. 
 
In relation to EUI Warrants, the Issuer will appoint (and in the case of CDIs permanently maintain) a EUI Agent.  
 
In relation to Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, the Issuer will, in accordance with the relevant Uncertificated Nordic CSD Rules, appoint 
in addition to the relevant Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD an Additional Paying Agent. Such Additional Paying Agent shall be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 167 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
167 
The Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or Settlement Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Settlement Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Paying Agent or Settlement Agent acts, provided that (except with respect to Uncertificated Warrants): 
 
(i) so long as the Warrants are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by another relevant authority, there will 
at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the  Principal Paying Agent) and a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and 
 
(ii) there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) with a specified office in a city in Europe; and 
 
(iii) there will be one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions so require; and 
 
(iv) there will be a Consolidation Agent where the Terms and Conditions so require; and 
 
(v) there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar. 
 
In addition, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in 
the circumstances described in the second paragraph of Condition 5.2. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 or more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if appropriate, for so long as any Uncertificated Warrants are listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the Issuer will maintain a paying agent with a specified office in Luxembourg, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In respect of any Uncertificated Warrants, the Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or the Additional Paying Agent, provided that the Issuer will appoint another central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or Additional Paying Agent(s), as the case may be, each of them to be duly authorised, in the case 
of (i)  Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, under the Swedish CSD Rules, (ii) Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, under the Finnish CSD 
Rules, (iii) Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants, under the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act no. 6 of 15 March 2019 (No. 
Verdipapirsentralloven), (iv) in the case of Uncertificated Spanish Warrants, under the SMA and the rules and procedures of Iberclear 
or (v) in the case of Uncertificated Italian Warrants, under the Italian CSD Rules, each as amended and/or re-enacted from time to 
time. The central securities depositary and clearing institution and the Additional Paying Agent(s) appointed in respect of Uncertificated 
Warrants act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any 
Warrantholders. The Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information from the registers maintained by the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution for the purposes of performing its obligations under any Uncertificated Warrants.  
 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor, and do 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Warrantholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
 
11.2    Calculation Agent 
 
In connection with any Issue of Warrants, if the calculation agent specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Calculation Agent) is: 
 
(i) Societe Generale, such appointment will be governed by the terms of the calculation agency agreement set out in the Agency 
Agreement (the Calculation Agency Agreement); or 
 
(ii) any entity other than Societe Generale, the terms of such appointment will be summarised in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
12. SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Substitution of the Issuer” is “Not Applicable”, this Condition will apply. 
 
Societe Generale or SG Issuer or SG Effekten may be replaced by each other or by any subsidiary of Societe Generale or any other 
third party as principal obligor in respect of the Warrants without the consent of the relevant Warrantholders. If any of Societe Generale 
or SG Issuer or SG Effekten determines that it shall be replaced by one another or by any subsidiary of Societe Generale or any other 
third party (the Substituted Obligor), it shall give not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' notice, in accordance with Condition 13, 
to the Warrantholders of such event and, immediately on the expiry of such notice, the Substituted Obligor shall become the principal 
obligor in place of the relevant Issuer and the Warrantholders shall thereupon cease to have any rights or claims whatsoever against 
the relevant Issuer. However, no such substitution shall take effect: 
 
(i) if the effect of such substitution would, at the time of such substitution, be that payments in respect of the Warrants would be 
required to be made subject to any withholding or deduction which would not otherwise arise in the absence of such substitution; 
 
(ii) if the Substituted Obligor is not the Guarantor, until the Guarantor shall have entered into an unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee substantially in the form of the Guarantee in respect of the obligations of such Substituted Obligor; 
 
(iii) in any case, until the Substituted Obligor shall have provided to the Principal Paying Agent such documents as may be necessary 
to make the Warrants and the Agency Agreement its legal, valid and binding obligations; and

--- Page 168 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
168 
(iv) if required by any applicable law or regulation, until such Substituted Obligor shall have been approved in writing by the relevant 
authorities as able to issue the relevant Warrants. 
 
Upon any such substitution, the Warrants will be modified as required, and the Warrantholders will be notified of the modified terms 
and conditions of such Warrants in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition, it is expressly agreed that by subscribing to, acquiring or otherwise purchasing Warrants, the 
Warrantholders are expressly deemed to have consented to the substitution of the relevant Issuer by the Substituted Obligor and to 
the release of the relevant Issuer from any and all obligations in respect of the Warrants and all the agreements attached thereto and 
are expressly deemed to have accepted such substitution and the consequences thereof. 
 
In respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants, in addition to the other criteria set forth above, the substitution shall be subject to the 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD or Euroclear France, as the case may be, having confirmed that following the proposed 
substitution, the Warrants will continue to be incorporated and registered in their book-entry system in accordance with the relevant 
Uncertificated Nordic Warrants CSD Rules or the rules applicable to Euroclear France. 
 
 
13. NOTICES 
 
13.1 Notices regarding Warrants other than EUI Warrants, Uncertificated SIS Warrants and other Warrants listed on SIX 
Swiss Exchange 
 
13.1.1    All notices regarding Warrants shall be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe provided that so long as such Warrants are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or are admitted 
to trading by a relevant authority the Issuer shall instead ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules and regulations of such regulated market, stock exchange(s) or relevant authority.  
 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given (i) on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more 
than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspaper(s) (which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort (or the Tageblatt)) or (ii) in the case of publication on a website, on the date on 
which such notice is first posted on the relevant website (which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be 
www.luxse.com and in the case of SIX Swiss Exchange, shall be http://www.six-swiss-exchange.com (where notices are currently 
published 
under 
the 
address 
https://www.six-group.com/en/products-services/the-swiss-stock-exchange/market-data/news-
tools/official-notices.html#/  (SIX Group)).. 
 
13.1.2 Until such time as any Warrants in definitive form are issued and so long as the Global Warrant(s) representing the Warrants 
is or are held in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear, publication of a notice in such 
newspaper(s) or on such websites as referred to in Condition 13.1.1 may be substituted by the delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear for communication by them to the Warrantholders. 
 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Warrantholders on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear. 
 
13.1.3 All notices regarding Definitive Registered Warrants shall be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail or by airmail 
(if posted to an address overseas) to the Warrantholders (or the first named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded 
in the Register.  
 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after mailing. 
 
13.1.4 All notices to holders of Uncertificated Warrants shall be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a Warrantholder on the 
address registered for such Warrantholder in the system of the relevant central securities depositary and clearing institution or in 
accordance with the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, the relevant central securities  depositary and 
clearing institution.  
 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given, if sent by mail to the Warrantholder, on the fourth day following the day the 
notice was sent by mail. 
 
13.1.5 Notices to be given by any Warrantholder (except in the case of Uncertificated Warrants) shall be in writing and given by 
lodging the same, together (in the case of any Warrant in definitive form) with the relative Warrant or Warrants, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Global Warrants) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Warrants). Whilst any of the Warrants 
are represented by a Global Warrant, such notice may be given by any Warrantholder to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
(as applicable) via Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Registrar (as applicable) and Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or Iberclear, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
 
13.2 Notices regarding (i) Uncertificated SIS Warrants and (ii) other Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange  
 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, notices regarding Uncertificated SIS  Warrants may be given by 
communication through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent to the Intermediary for forwarding to the Warrantholders. Any notice so 
given shall be deemed to have been validly given with the communication to the Intermediary.

--- Page 169 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
169 
So long as Uncertificated SIS  Warrants or other Warrants are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of SIX Swiss 
Exchange so require, all notices in respect of such Warrants will also be given without cost to the Warrantholders through the Principal 
Swiss Paying Agent either: 
 
(i) by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX Swiss Exchange (http://www.six-swiss-exchange.com), where 
notices 
are 
currently 
published 
under 
the 
address 
https://www.six-group.com/en/products-services/the-swiss-stock-
exchange/market-data/news-tools/official-notices.html#/  (SIX Group);  or 
 
(ii) otherwise in accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange.  
 
In addition, or as an alternative, notices concerning Uncertificated SIS Warrants may be published in a leading daily newspaper (such 
as, for example, the Neue Zürcher Zeitung) having general circulation in Switzerland. Any notice so given shall be deemed to have 
been validly given on the date of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication). 
 
13.3 Notices regarding EUI Warrants 
 
All notices to EUI Warrantholders shall be valid if: 
 
(i) delivered to the address of the EUI Warrantholder appearing in the Record by first class post or by hand or, if such address is not 
in the United Kingdom, by airmail post (such notices to be delivered or sent in accordance with this Condition shall be sent at the risk 
of the relevant EUI Warrantholder); or 
 
(ii) published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe; or 
 
(iii) for so long as the EUI Warrants are listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange published in accordance with the rules of 
such stock exchange. 
 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the second Business Day following, in the case of Condition 13.3(i), such 
delivery or, in the case of Condition 13.3(ii), the date of such publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such 
publication and in the case of Condition 13.3(iii), the date of such publication. 
 
 
14. FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION – SUBSCRIPTIONS AND PURCHASES - CANCELLATION 
 
14.1 Further Issues 
 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Warrantholders create and issue further Warrants ranking pari passu in 
all respects and on the same Terms and Conditions (save for their Issue Date, Issue Price), and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single issue with the outstanding Warrants. 
 
14.2 Consolidation  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that clause "Consolidation" is "Applicable", the Issuer may from time to time on or after the date 
specified for a change of currency of the Warrants pursuant to Condition 1, on giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13, without the consent of Warrantholders, consolidate the Warrants with one or more 
issues of other Warrants issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided 
such other Warrants have been redenominated in/converted into Euro (if not originally denominated or payable in Euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Warrants. 
 
Circumstances may arise where the Issuer might deem appropriate to effect a consolidation of a particular Issue of Warrants, for 
example when the market price of the relevant Warrants reaches very low levels so as to potentially affect the secondary market 
efficiency. In such event, where "Warrant Consolidation" is specified as “applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may give 
notice (a Consolidation Trigger Notice) of at least the Consolidation Notice Period to Warrantholders informing them of its intention 
to effect a consolidation with respect to the relevant Warrants. After the giving of such Consolidation Trigger Notice, with effect from 
the relevant Consolidation Effective Date and without the consent of the Warrantholders, the number of Warrants (such Warrants, 
Pre-Conversion Warrants) held by each Warrantholder (the Existing Holding) will be aggregated and such Warrants will be 
converted into a smaller number of Warrants (such Warrants, Converted Warrants and the aggregate holding of such Converted 
Warrants by a Warrantholder, the Revised Holding) calculated by dividing the number of Pre-Conversion Warrants in the relevant 
Existing Holding by the Conversion Factor. Where the application of the Conversion Factor to the Existing Holding results in any 
Warrantholder being entitled to a fraction of a Converted Warrant or a Warrantholder holds a number of Pre-Conversion Warrants 
less than the Conversion Factor (in each case the Unconverted Warrants), such Warrantholder shall receive a cash amount on the 
Consolidation Settlement Date equal to the Consolidation Settlement Price of the Unconverted Warrants (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
 
Upon conversion of Pre-Conversion Warrants into Converted Warrants, the applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be amended 
to set out the changes to be made to the terms of the Converted Warrants, provided that as a result of such changes the market value 
of the Revised Holding calculated immediately after the consolidation is the same as the market value of the Existing Holding 
calculated immediately before the consolidation.

--- Page 170 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
170 
Following the conversion of Pre-Conversion Warrants into Converted Warrants, all references in these Terms and Conditions to 
Warrants shall be deemed to be references to the Converted Warrants.  
 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
 
Consolidation Effective Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Consolidation Trigger Notice;  
 
Consolidation Notice Period means the number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
Consolidation Settlement Amount means the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5.2 determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the Consolidation Effective Date;  
 
Consolidation Settlement Date means the number of days or Business Days specified in the applicable Consolidation Trigger Notice 
following the Consolidation Effective Date; and  
 
Conversion Factor is as specified in the applicable Consolidation Trigger Notice.  
Further to the above, the Consolidation Trigger Notice shall include the description of the operational mechanisms to be performed in 
relation to the consolidation. 
 
14.3    Subscriptions and Purchases  
 
The Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor shall have the right to subscribe and/or to purchase Warrants at any price in the open 
market or otherwise, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
In the case of Warrants issued by Societe Generale, all Warrants subscribed or purchased by such Issuer may be subscribed or 
purchased and held, in accordance with Articles L. 213-0-1 and D.231-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
 
14.4 Cancellation  
 
All Warrants purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled. All Warrants purchased and cancelled 
shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent (or, in the case of Registered Warrants, the Registrar) and cannot be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor in respect of any such Warrants shall be discharged. 
 
15. CALCULATIONS AND DETERMINATIONS 
 
With respect to a Type of Structured Warrant (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to which the relevant Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Warrants apply, the Calculation Agent responsible for determining and calculating any rate, rate of interest, 
interest payable and any amount payable shall be the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms (pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 11).  
 
Whenever a Calculation Agent is required to make any calculations, determinations, adjustments or act in any way (and unless 
otherwise provided herein), it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
The calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent will be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), 
the Agent, the Warrantholders, in the absence of manifest error or proven error. 
 
Following the occurrence of an event giving rise to an adjustment which is substantial in the opinion of the Calculation Agent or of an 
extraordinary event affecting, in respect of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants (i): a relevant 
Underlying and/or (ii) a Selected Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation, and/or (iii) a Bond, the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Issuer, which shall in its turn notify the Agent and the Warrantholders, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 13, of the relevant 
adjustment made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of such adjustment made or decision taken can be obtained by 
the Warrantholders upon request at the Calculation Agent's address specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
16. MEETINGS OF WARRANTHOLDERS, MODIFICATION AND WAIVER 
 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of a video 
conference platform) of the Warrantholders (except holders of the Uncertificated Warrants) to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by extraordinary resolution (an Extraordinary Resolution) of a modification of the 
Warrants(except Uncertificated Warrants) or any provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor (if any) at any time or by Warrantholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of the number of Warrants for the 
time being unexercised. The quorum at any such meeting for passing such Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding 
or representing in the aggregate not less than 50 per cent. of the number of Warrants for the time being unexercised, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Warrantholders whatever the number of Warrants so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Warrants (including 
but not limited to modifying the exercise date of the Warrants, reducing or cancelling the Cash Settlement Amount or Physical Delivery 
Amount in respect of Warrants, or altering the currency of payment of the Warrants, modifying of the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution, sanctioning of any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Warrants for, or the conversion of 
the Warrants into, or the cancellation of the Warrants in consideration of, shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock 
and/or other obligations and/or Warrants of the Issuer (as further described in the Agency Agreement)), the necessary quorum for 
passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned

--- Page 171 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
171 
such meeting not less than one-third, in number of Warrants for the time being unexercised. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at 
any meeting of the Warrantholders shall be binding on all Warrantholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting.  
 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) may agree, without the consent of the Warrantholders, to any 
modification of the Warrants or the Agency Agreement which is (i) to cure or correct any ambiguity or defective or inconsistent provision 
contained therein, or which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders 
(provided the proposed modification does not relate to a matter in respect of which an Extraordinary Resolution would be required if 
a meeting of Warrantholders were held to consider such modification) or (iii) to correct a manifest error or proven error or (iv) to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law. Any such modification shall be binding on the Warrantholders and any such modification shall 
be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
In respect of Uncertificated Warrants other than EUI Warrants, the Issuer may decide, without the consent of the Warrantholders to 
(a) any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as mentioned above) of the 
Warrants which is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders; or (b) any modification of the Warrants which is of 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the 
law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. Any such modification shall be binding on the relevant Warrantholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to such Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
The EUI Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the EUI Warrantholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the EUI Agency Agreement) of a modification of 
the EUI Warrants or any of the provisions of the EUI Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor. At least 21 clear days' notice specifying the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to the EUI Warrantholders. 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than 50 per cent. of the EUI Warrants for the time being unexercised or outstanding, as the case may be, or at 
any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing EUI Warrantholders whatever the number of EUI Warrants so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the EUI Warrants 
(including but not limited to modifying the exercise date or exercise period of the EUI Warrants, reducing or cancelling the Cash 
Settlement Amount or Physical Delivery Amount in respect of the EUI Warrants, or altering the currency of payment of the EUI 
Warrants, modifying of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, sanctioning of any scheme or proposal for the 
exchange or sale of the Warrants for, or the conversion of the Warrants into, or the cancellation of the Warrants in consideration of, 
shares, stock, notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or Warrants of the Issuer (as further described 
in the EUI Agency Agreement)), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less than two-
thirds of the EUI Warrants for the time being unexercised or outstanding, as the case may be, or at any adjourned such meeting one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third of the EUI Warrants for the time being unexercised or outstanding, 
as the case may be. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the EUI Warrantholders shall be binding on all the EUI 
Warrantholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. Resolutions can be passed in writing if passed unanimously. 
 
The EUI Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Warrantholders, to: 
 
(i) any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is required as mentioned above) of the EUI 
Warrants or EUI Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the EUI Warrantholders; or 
 
(ii) any modification of the EUI Warrants or the EUI Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest or proven error, to cure any ambiguity or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the EUI Warrantholders and any such modification shall be notified to the EUI 
Warrantholders as soon as practicable thereafter, provided that failure to give, or non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity 
of any such modification. 
 
In respect of SG Issuer only, the provisions of articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Act dated 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended (the Companies Act 1915), shall not apply to the Warrants. No Warrantholder may initiate proceedings 
against SG Issuer based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
 
17. SUSPENSION OF TRADING AND DELISTING OF WARRANTS 
 
Warrants that are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or admitted to trading by a relevant authority may be suspended 
from trading and/or delisted at any time in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of the relevant regulated market or relevant 
stock exchange(s).  
 
In addition, the Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) may agree at any time and without any further consent 
from the Warrantholders to delist Warrants listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 at least three months prior to the last trading day stating that such Warrants will be delisted from the SIX Swiss 
Exchange and no longer traded on the SIX Swiss Exchange. 
 
18. WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
 
No holder of any Warrant may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability which the 
Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or 
any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to the Warrants) and each such holder shall be deemed to have

--- Page 172 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
172 
waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, 
claims and liabilities. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide or shall be construed as acknowledging any right of 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any 
Warrant but for this Condition. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition, Waived Set-Off Rights means any and all rights of or claims of any holder of any Warrant for 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such 
Warrant. 
 
 
19. LIMITED RECOURSE AGAINST SG ISSUER AND SG EFFEKTEN  
 
Each holder of a Warrant or Warrants issued by SG Issuer and SG Effekten is deemed to have acknowledged and undertaken, on its 
acquisition of such Warrants, that, in the event of a default by SG Issuer or SG Effekten, of payment or delivery of any sum due on 
any such Warrant(s) whenever such payment or delivery falls due (such payment or delivery defaults, Defaulted Payments), such 
holder shall not institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, or otherwise assert a claim against SG Issuer or SG Effekten to enforce 
such Defaulted Payments and waives all rights to institute such proceedings or make such claims in respect of such Defaulted 
Payments against the relevant Issuer.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such acknowledgement, undertaking and waiver are without prejudice to the holder’s rights under the 
Guarantee and do not alter or impair the Guarantor’s obligations under the relevant guarantee and accordingly each holder shall 
continue to have the right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, or otherwise assert a claim against the Guarantor to 
enforce any obligation due under the relevant guarantee, including without limitation in respect of any Defaulted Payments, subject in 
all cases to the terms of the Guarantee. 
 
Such acknowledgement, undertaking and waiver do not alter or impair the rights of the Warrantholders to require the enforcement of 
the relevant Pledge Agreement, pursuant to the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants. 
 
 
 
20. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF BAIL-IN AND WRITE-DOWN OR CONVERSION POWERS 
 
20.1 Acknowledgement of bail-in and write-down or conversion powers on Societe Generale’s and SG Issuer’s  Liabilities 
and of the write-down and conversion of Warrants of SG Issuer or SG Effekten following the bail-in and write-down and 
conversion of some Societe Generale’s Liabilities 
 
By the acquisition of Warrants, each Warrantholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition, includes any current or future holder of 
a beneficial interest in the Warrants) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
 
(1) to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in Power (as defined below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined 
below) on Societe Generale's and SG  Issuer’s liabilities under the Warrants, which may include and result in any of the following, or 
some combination thereof: 
 
(i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below), on a permanent basis; 
 
(ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other Warrants or other obligations of the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor or another person (and the issue to the Warrantholder of such shares, Warrants or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of the terms of the Warrants, in which case the Warrantholder agrees to accept in lieu of its 
rights under the Warrants any such shares, other Warrants or other obligations of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or another 
person; 
 
(iii) the cancellation of the Warrants; and/or 
 
(iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Warrants or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Warrants, or 
the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and 
 
that terms of the Warrants are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the 
Relevant Resolution Authority or the regulator. 
 
(the “Statutory Bail-in”)  
 
and 
 
(2) in respect of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten, if the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) exercises its 
Bail-in Power (as defined below) on liabilities of Societe Generale, pursuant to Article L 613-30-3-I-3 of the Code: 
 
(A) ranking:

--- Page 173 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
173 
(i) junior to liabilities of Societe Generale benefitting from statutorily preferred exceptions pursuant to Article L 613-30-3-I 1°and 2 of 
the Code; 
 
(ii) pari passu with liabilities of Societe Generale as defined in Article L.613-30-3-I-3 of the Code; and 
 
(iii) senior to liabilities of Societe Generale as defined in Article L.613-30-3-I-4 of the Code; and 
 
(B) which are not titres non structurés as defined under Article R.613-28 of the Code, and  
 
(C) which are not or are no longer eligible to be taken into account for the purposes of the MREL (as defined below) ratio of Societe 
Generale 
 
and such exercise of the Bail-in Power results in the write-down or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or the 
outstanding amount payable in respect of, and/or interest on, such liabilities, and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal 
amount of, or the outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, such liabilities into shares or other securities or other 
obligations of Societe Generale or another person, including by means of variation to their terms and conditions in order to give effect 
to such exercise of Bail-in Power, then SG Issuer’s or SG Effekten’s obligations under the Warrants (other than Secured Warrants) 
will be limited to (i) payment of the amounts of principal and/or interest as reduced or cancelled that would be recoverable by the 
Warrantholders and/or (ii) the delivery or the payment of value of the shares or other securities or other obligations of Societe Generale 
or another person that would be paid or delivered to the Warrantholders as if, in either case, the Warrants had been directly issued 
by Societe Generale itself and any Amount Due under the Warrants had accordingly been directly subject to the exercise of the Bail-
in Power (the “Contractual Bail-in”). 
 
20.2 Consequences of the Statutory Bail-in and Contractual Bail-in  
 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of the Statutory Bail-in with 
respect to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor unless, at the time such repayment or payment, respectively, is scheduled to become 
due, such repayment or payment would be permitted to be made by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor under the applicable laws 
and regulations in effect in France, Germany or Luxembourg and the European Union applicable to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor or other members of its group.  
 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid under the Warrants issued by SG Issuer and 
SG Effekten after implementation of the Contractual Bail-in.  
 
Upon the exercise of the Statutory Bail-in or upon implementation of the Contractual Bail-in with respect to the Warrants, the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor will provide a written notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable 
regarding such exercise of the Statutory Bail-in or implementation of the Contractual Bail-in. The relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will 
also deliver a copy of such notice to the Principal Paying Agent for informational purposes, although the Principal Paying Agent shall 
not be required to send such notice to Warrantholders. Any delay or failure by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to give notice shall 
not affect the validity and enforceability of the Statutory Bail-in or Contractual Bail-in nor the effects on the Warrants described above. 
 
Neither a cancellation of the Warrants, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into another security 
or obligation of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Statutory Bail-in or the 
implementation of the Contractual Bail-in with respect to Warrants will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance 
of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Warrantholder to any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly 
waived. 
 
Upon the exercise of any Statutory Bail-in or the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) 
and each Warrantholder (including each holder of a beneficial interest in the Warrants) hereby agree that (a) the Principal Paying 
Agent shall not be required to take any directions from Warrantholders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon 
the Principal Paying Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect to the exercise of any Statutory Bail-in or implementation of the 
Contractual Bail-in. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Statutory Bail-In or the implementation of the 
Contractual Bail-in, any Warrants remain outstanding (for example, if the exercise of the Statutory Bail-In or the implementation of the 
Contractual Bail-in results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the Warrants), then the Fiscal Agent’s duties under the Agency 
Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to the Warrants following such completion to the extent that the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if any) and the Fiscal Agent shall agree pursuant to an amendment to the Agency Agreement. 
 
If in a Statutory Bail-In the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in Power or if the Contractual Bail-in is implemented, with 
respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Principal Paying Agent is otherwise instructed by the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Relevant Resolution Authority, any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the 
Warrants will be (in the case of a Contractual Bail-In) or may be (in the case of a Statutory Bail-in) made on a pro-rata basis. 
 
The matters set forth in this Condition shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, 
arrangements or understandings between the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) and each Warrantholder. 
 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition, including, but not limited to, those incurred by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if any) and the Principal Paying Agent, shall be borne by any Warrantholder.

--- Page 174 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
174 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Amounts 
Due 
means: 
- In respect of Warrants that are not eligible warrants, the Market Value of the Warrants as defined in Condition 6.3 above, 
- In respect of Warrants that are eligible warrants, the amounts specified as such in the Final Terms 
 
Bail-in Power means any statutory cancellation, write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of banks, banking group companies, credit institutions and/or investment 
firms, including but not limited to any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within 
the context of a European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, or any other applicable laws or regulations, as amended, or 
otherwise, pursuant to which obligations of a bank, banking group company, credit institution or investment firm or any of its affiliates 
can be reduced, cancelled, varied or otherwise modified in any way and/or converted into shares or other securities or obligations of 
the obligor or any other person. 
 
MREL means the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities as defined in Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended from time to time).  
 
Relevant Resolution Authority means any authority with the ability to exercise the Bail-in Power on Societe Generale or SG Issuer 
as the case may be. 
 
21. GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
 
21.1 Governing Law 
 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the clause "Governing law" is "English law": 
The Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Warrants will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
 
Uncertificated Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with the Warrants will be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English Law, except in respect of their form, title, transfer, exercise of options and the provisions 
relating to payments in the seventh paragraph of Condition 1.1(iii), Condition 5.9 and Condition 5.17.2 thereon which shall be governed 
by the laws, rules and regulations applicable to the relevant central securities depository and clearing institution, being initially 
Euroclear Sweden, Euroclear Finland, VPS, Iberclear or SIS (or any other clearing institution in Switzerland recognised for such 
purposes by SIS Swiss Exchange, respectively), on which they are respectively admitted or registered. 
 
The Agency Agreement, the EUI Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the EUI Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying 
Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.  
 
The Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Guarantee will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, French law. 
 
21.2 Submission to jurisdiction 
 
The Issuer irrevocably agrees that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Warrants and accordingly submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of England. 
 
The Issuer waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. To the 
extent allowed by law, the Warrantholders may take any suit, action or proceedings (together referred to as Proceedings) arising out 
of or in connection with the Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Warrants against the 
Issuer in any other court of competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
 
The Issuer appoints Societe Generale, London Branch (SGLB), currently of One Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 4SG, United 
Kingdom, as its agent for service of process, and undertakes that, in the event of SGLB ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered 
in England, it will appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein 
shall affect the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
 
The Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the EUI Agency Agreement and the Deed of 
Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar 
to those set out above. 
 
Any claim against the Guarantor in connection with the Guarantee shall be brought before the commercial court of Paris (Tribunal de 
Commerce de Paris). 
 
22. CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
 
The Warrants shall not confer any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce or enjoy any term of the 
Warrants, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which may exist or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 175 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants 
 
 
175

--- Page 176 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
176 
 
 
GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW WARRANTS 
TEST 21.04 
 
The following general terms and conditions applicable to Warrants to be issued under French law (French Law Warrants) (the 
General Terms and Conditions), with, if applicable, the additional terms and conditions (the Additional Terms and Conditions) 
constitute the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as defined below (the Terms and Conditions), that will be endorsed on 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants only and will be deemed to apply to Dematerialised Warrants. 
 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Warrants will complete the following General Terms and Conditions for the purposes of 
such Warrants including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Warrant. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will 
be endorsed on, attached to or incorporated by reference into, Materialised Warrants (as defined below), and shall be deemed to 
apply to Warrants.  
 
References herein to the applicable Final Terms are to Part A of the final terms (Final Terms) prepared based on the “Form of Final 
Terms” that are endorsed on the Materialised Warrants or prepared in connection with the Warrants and which complete the General 
Terms and Conditions.  
 
References herein to the Additional Terms and Conditions are to Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae, Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts 
Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked 
Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants,  Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign 
Exchange Rate Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Fund Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation 
Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked 
Warrants and ETP Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Future Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants, Additional Terms and Conditions for Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants and the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that one or more of the Additional Terms and Conditions from Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Share Linked Warrants to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants apply, then the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Warrants will also apply including the provisions relating to any market disruption (Market Disruption 
Events) or extraordinary events (Extraordinary Events) and details of the consequences of such events. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Secured Warrants Provisions" are “applicable”, then the provisions of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants, which contain provisions relating to disruption events (including, without limitation 
and where necessary, appropriate definitions of Collateral Disruption Event and Collateral Settlement Disruption and details of 
the consequences of such events), shall apply. 
 
Words and expressions defined in the French Law Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in these General Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and 
provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between the French Law Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
 
References herein to Tranche means Warrants which are identical in all respects and Issue means a Tranche of Warrants,  together 
in each case with any further Tranche of Warrants which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series or issue and 
(b) identical in all respects except for their respective Issue Dates, and/or Issue Prices. 
 
References herein to (i) the Issuer shall be references to the issuer specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (as defined above) 
and, in the case of any substitution of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12, the Substituted Obligor as defined in Condition 
12, and (ii) the Guarantor shall mean Societe Generale in its capacity as guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee (as defined in Condition 
2) in respect of any Warrants issued by SG Issuer or Societe Generale Effketen Gmbh (SG Effekten). Accordingly, references herein 
to the Guarantor are applicable only in the context of Warrants  issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten GmbH. 
 
All Warrants issued by Societe Generale or SG Effekten will be described as "Unsecured" in the Final Terms applicable to such 
Warrants and all Warrants issued by SG Issuer will be described as "Unsecured" or "Secured" in the Final Terms applicable to such 
Warrants. 
 
References herein to Warrants are to the Warrants of one Issue only, and not to all Warrants under the Programme and shall mean:  
 
a) any  Warrant in dematerialised form (Dematerialised Warrants) which will be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer  
form (au porteur)  (Bearer Warrants) or in registered  form (nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Warrantholder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) or in fully registered form (nominatif pur) (Registered 
Warrants); in the case of Dematerialised Warrants, neither the text of the General Terms and Conditions, or the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions, nor the applicable Final Terms will be endorsed on physical documents of title, but will be constituted by the 
following text, together with the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions (if applicable) and the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 177 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
177 
b) any temporary global certificate in bearer form (a Temporary Global Certificate) initially issued in connection with Materialised  
Bearer  Warrants; and 
 
c) any materialised  Warrant in definitive materialised bearer form (the Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants) issued in exchange 
of the Temporary Global Certificate, in which case, the full text of the Terms and Conditions, the relevant Additional Terms and 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants, 
 
(the French Law Warrants) 
Warrants may be:  
  
(i) Formula-Linked Warrants, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and in each such case the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae shall apply; or  
  
(ii) Fixed Leverage Warrants or Turbo Warrants, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and in each such case the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants shall apply;  
  
and, where applicable, Warrants may be Open-ended Warrants (if specified in the applicable Final Terms).  
  
Warrants will, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, have a notional amount which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(the Notional Amount). 
 
Subject to the provisions below, any references herein to holder of warrants or Warrantholders shall mean the several persons 
who are for the time being the bearers of Bearer Warrants as the case may be, and the registered holders of Registered Warrants as 
the case may be. 
 
The holder of a  Dematerialised Warrant will be the person appearing in the account of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder, 
the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Warrants in accordance with the legislation rules 
and regulations applicable to Euroclear France and the terms Warrantholders, holders of Warrants shall be construed accordingly. 
Warrants will only be transferable in accordance with such legislation, rules and regulations. 
 
References herein to Underlying shall mean, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Share and/or a Depositary Receipt and/or 
an Index and/or an SGI Index and/or a Reference Rate and/or a Foreign Exchange Rate and/or a Commodity and/or a Commodity 
Index and/or a Fund and/or a Reference Entity and/or a CDS Spread and/or an Inflation Index and/or a Bond and/or an ETF and/or 
an ETP and/or a Non-Equity Security and/or Future and/or a Portfolio and/or a Dividend or a basket and/or combination thereof (each 
as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant Underlying). 
 
Save as set out below, the Warrants have the benefit of an agency agreement dated 22 February 2021 (the French Law Agency 
Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference to any such agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented 
or restated from time to time) and made between, amongst others Societe Generale, SG Issuer, SG Effekten and the Guarantor (as 
defined below), Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. as principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall 
include, any additional or successor principal paying agent appointed from time to time and specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and the other paying agents named therein (such paying agents, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional 
or successor paying agents appointed from time to time).  
 
The Calculation Agent with respect to a Tranche of Warrants will be Societe Generale (or any successor thereto), as designated in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Paying Agents, the Registration Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and, unless the context otherwise requires, the Settlement 
Agent and the Calculation Agent (both as defined in Condition 11) shall be referred to collectively hereunder as the Agents. 
 
Any issue of  Warrants or Materialised Warrants (each term as defined above) listed on SIX Swiss Exchange will have the benefit of 
a Swiss paying agency agreement (the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement, which expression shall be construed as a reference to 
any such agreement as the same may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) between, amongst others, the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the principal Swiss paying agent and the other Swiss paying agents (if any) (the Principal Swiss Paying Agent and 
the Swiss Paying Agents, respectively, and the term Paying Agent as defined above shall include such Principal Swiss Paying Agent 
and Swiss Paying Agents). The form of the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement is scheduled to the French Law Agency Agreement.  
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream (each as defined below) shall, whenever the context so 
permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(including, without limitation, the Intermédiaires financiers habilités authorised to maintain accounts in Euroclear France). 
 
For the purpose of these Conditions, Euroclear France Account Holder means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(Euroclear), the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream) or, in case of Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, 
the depository bank for SIX SIS Ltd., the Swiss securities services corporation (SIS). 
 
Any reference herein to Physical Delivery Warrants shall mean any Issue of Warrants that are linked to Deliverable Asset(s) (as 
defined in Condition 5.12) specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 178 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
178 
Copies of the French Law Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), and the Guarantee (where 
applicable) are available for inspection during normal business hours from the head office of each of the relevant Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor and from the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are 
available for viewing at www.luxse.com and copies may be obtained from the head office of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if 
applicable) the Guarantor and the specified office of each of the Paying Agents save that, if  this Warrant is (i) an Exempt Offer 
Warrant as defined below) or (ii) an Exempted Swiss Public Offer Warrant, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a 
Warrantholder holding one or more such Warrant and such Warrantholder  must produce evidence satisfactory to the relevant Issuer, 
and, if applicable, the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity 
(unless otherwise made available publicly by the Issuer). The Warrantholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the French Law Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable), the 
Guarantee (where applicable) and the applicable Final Terms. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the French Law Agency Agreement and, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement (where applicable).  
 
In this section (a) Non-exempt Offer Warrant means any Warrant that is (i) offered to the public in the EEA other than pursuant to 
articles 1(4) or 3(2) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended or superseded (the Prospectus Regulation) or (ii) admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market in the EEA for the purposes of article 3(3) of the Prospectus Regulation, (b) Exempt  Offer Warrant means 
any Warrant that is (i) offered to the public in the EEA only pursuant to articles 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation or (ii) admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market in the EEA pursuant to article 1(5) of the Prospectus Regulation and (c) Exempted Swiss Public 
Offer Warrant means any Warrant that is not (i) offered to the public in Switzerland for the purposes of article 35 of the Swiss Federal 
Act on Financial Services (the FinSA) (except as specified under article 36(1) or article 37 of the FinSA) or (ii) admitted to trading on 
a trading venue in accordance with article 26(a) of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Market Infrastructures and Market Conduct in 
Securities and Derivatives Trading (except as specified under article 38 of the FinSA). 
 
 
1. FORM, TITLE, TRANSFER, CONVERSION OF CURRENCY  
 
1.1 Form and title  
 
1.1.1. Dematerialised Warrants 
 
Form of and title to, Dematerialised Warrants will be evidenced in accordance with articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the Code 
monétaire et financier (the Code) by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats 
représentatifs pursuant to article R. 211-7 of the Code) will be issued in respect of  Warrants. 
 
Dematerialised Warrants are issued, at the option of the Issuer and as specified in the Final Terms, in either bearer dematerialised 
form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France, a subsidiary of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear France) 
(acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of Euroclear France Account Holders, or in registered  Dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Warrantholder in either administered registered form (nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Account Holder or in fully registered form (nominatif pur) inscribed in an 
account maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the applicable Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer 
(the Registration Agent). 
 
Dematerialised Warrants issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into Dematerialised Warrants in 
registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (nominatif 
administré). 
 
Dematerialised Warrants issued  in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be converted into Dematerialised Warrants 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
 
Dematerialised Warrants issued in fully registered form (nominatif pur) may, at the option of the Warrantholder be converted into 
Warrants in administered registered form (nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any option by the Warrantholder 
shall be made in accordance with article R. 211-4 of the Code. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of the Warrantholder. 
 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary identification information of 
the Warrantholder such as the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as 
the case may be, e-mail address of holders of Dematerialised Warrants in bearer form (au porteur). 
 
1.1.2  Materialised Warrants 
 
Materialised Warrants are   issued in a materialised  bearer form (Materialised Bearer Warrants).  
 
In accordance with articles L.211-3 et seq. of the Code, securities in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued 
outside the French territory. 
 
A temporary global certificate in bearer form (a Temporary Global Certificate) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised 
Warrants. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream (or, if a 
subscriber holds an account with a clearing system other than Euroclear or Clearstream which holds an account directly or indirectly 
in Euroclear or Clearstream, such other clearing system) (the Common Depositary), Euroclear or Clearstream (or such other clearing 
system) will credit the account of each subscriber of such Warrants.

--- Page 179 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
179 
The Temporary Global Certificates are exchanged against Definitive Materialised Bearer  Warrants pursuant to Condition 1.3 below. 
 
Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants are serially numbered. 
 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Warrant shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an 
interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
 
1.1.3 Left blank intentionally 
 
1.2 Transfer of Warrants  
 
1.2.1 Title to Warrants in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Warrants may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Euroclear France Account 
Holders. Title to Warrants in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Warrants may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or by the 
Registration Agent.  
 
1.2.3 Left blank intentionally 
 
1.2.4 Left blank intentionally 
 
1.2.5 Left blank intentionally  
 
1.2.6 Left blank intentionally  
 
1.2.7 Cost of registration 
 
Warrantholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as provided above, except 
for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a 
sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
 
1.2.8 Definitions - Transfer to Permitted Transferees 
 
In these General Terms and Conditions, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
 
IRS U.S. Person means a U.S. person as defined in paragraph 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; 
 
Permitted Transferee means any person who: 
 
(i)    is not a U.S. Person; and 
 
(ii)    is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order 
proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a “Non-United States person” defined under 
CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are 
not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person); and  
 
(iii)    is not a Risk Retention U.S. Person. 
 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act; 
 
Regulation S U.S. Person means a U.S. Person as defined in Regulation S; 
 
Risk Retention U.S. Person means a "U.S. person" for purposes of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules; 
 
Securities Act means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 
 
U.S. Person means (i) Regulation S U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms specify that IRS U.S. Person is also applicable, 
or (ii) if in case of SGI Index Linked Warrants, Advised SGI Index is applicable or if in case of Portfolio Linked Warrants,  Dynamic 
Portfolio is applicable, a person who is either a Regulation S U.S. Person or an IRS U.S. Person unless the applicable Final Terms 
specify that only a Regulation S U.S. Person is applicable; 
 
U.S. Risk Retention Rules means the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
Warrants may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, transferred or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee and any 
offer, sale, resale, pledge, exercise, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to or for the 
account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee will not be recognised.

--- Page 180 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
180 
1.3 Exchanges  
 
Materialised Warrants represented by a Temporary Global Certificate will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after the Exchange Date (as defined below) for materialised bearer Warrants in definitive form (Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Warrants)  and (a) if the applicable Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA rules are not applicable; and otherwise, (b) upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership in the form set out in the French Law Agency Agreement (as defined above).  
 
On or after the Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global Certificate to or 
to the order of the Principal Paying Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the 
delivery of, duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants. Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants will be 
security printed at the expense of the Issuer in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or 
substantially in the form set out in the French Law Agency Agreement. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition, the Exchange Date shall be the day immediately following the later of (i) 40 days after the 
Temporary Global Certificate Security is issued and (ii) the end of the 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the relevant 
Tranche, as certified by the relevant Dealer (in the case of a non-syndicated issue) or the relevant lead manager (in the case of a 
syndicated issue). 
 
1.4 Left blank intentionally  
 
1.5 Conversion of currency  
 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms), without the consent of the Warrantholders by giving at least 30 days' 
notice in accordance with Condition 13, and on or after the date on which a Member State of the European Union whose national 
currency is the same as the Settlement Currency, has become a participating Member State in the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (the EU), as amended from time 
to time (the Treaty)) or events have occurred which have substantially the same effects (in either case, EMU), change the currency 
of all, but not  some only of the  Warrants, into Euro and adjust any term of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate 
to give effect to such change (including, without limitation, the Settlement Amount, Exercise Price, the Parity or the Settlement 
Currency of the Warrants. The date on which such change becomes effective shall be referred to in these General Terms and 
Conditions as the Currency Conversion Date. 
 
The change of currency of the Warrants pursuant to the above paragraph shall be made by converting the relevant amount or price 
applicable to the Warrants from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion 
rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards), provided that, if the Issuer determines, with the agreement of the 
Principal Paying Agent that the then market practice in respect of the conversion in Euro of internationally offered securities is different 
from the provisions specified above, such provisions shall be deemed to be amended so as to comply with such market practice and 
the Issuer shall promptly notify the Warrantholders, the stock exchange (if any) on which the Warrants may be listed and the Paying 
Agents of such deemed amendments. 
 
The conversion rate applicable and the amounts in Euro so determined shall be notified to Warrantholders in accordance with 
Condition 13. Any balance remaining from the change of currency in an amount higher than 0.01 Euro shall be paid by way of cash 
adjustment rounded to the nearest 0.01 Euro (with 0.005 Euro being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in 
Euros on the Currency Conversion Date. 
 
Upon conversion of currency of the Warrants, any reference hereon to the relevant national currency shall be construed as a reference 
to Euro. 
 
The Issuer may, with prior approval of the Principal Paying Agent, without the consent of the Warrantholders in connection with any 
conversion of currency or any consolidation pursuant to Condition 14, on giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13, make any changes or additions to these General Terms and Conditions which it 
reasonably believes to be necessary or desirable to give effect to the provisions of this Condition or Condition 14 (including, without 
limitation, any change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of the country of 
the Settlement Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market practice in respect of redenominated 
euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders. 
 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to any Warrantholder or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or 
expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection 
therewith. 
 
Any such changes or additions made pursuant to this Condition will, in the absence of manifest or error, be conclusive and binding 
on the Warrantholders and shall be notified to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
 
2. STATUS OF THE WARRANTS AND GUARANTEE 
 
2.1 Warrants issued by Societe Generale

--- Page 181 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
181 
Warrants issued by Societe Generale will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
ranking as senior preferred obligations, as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code. 
 
Such Warrants rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves and: 
 
(i)pari passu with: 
 
(a) all direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Societe Generale outstanding as of the date of the entry 
into force of the law no. 2016-1691 (the Law) on 11 December 2016; and 
 
(b) all present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of 
the Code) of Societe Generale issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016;  
 
(ii) junior to all present or future claims of the Issuer benefiting from statutorily preferred exceptions. 
 
2.2  Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten   
 
2.2.1 Warrants  (other than Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer) issued by SG Issuer and SG Effekten   
 
Warrants will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer or SG Effekten and will rank 
pari passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as from time to time exist under applicable law) 
at least pari passu with all other outstanding direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer or SG 
Effekten, present and future. 
 
2.2.2 Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer only 
 
Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer will constitute direct, unconditional, secured, limited recourse and unsubordinated obligations 
of SG Issuer and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to such exceptions as from time to time 
exist under applicable law) at least pari passu with all other outstanding direct, unconditional, secured, limited recourse and 
unsubordinated obligations of SG Issuer, present and future. 
 
2.3 Guarantee in the case of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG Effekten  
 
The due and punctual payment of any amounts due by the Issuer in respect of any Issue of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG 
Effekten is unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor as provided in the guarantee made as of 26 June 2023 (the 
Guarantee and each such amount payable under the Guarantee, a Guarantee Obligation) the text of which is set out in " Guarantee" 
in the Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2023 provided that in the case of any Physical Delivery Warrants in respect of which the 
relevant guaranteed obligation of the Issuer is an obligation to transfer the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of a Physical Delivery 
Amount, the Guarantor shall, in lieu of such transfer, be obliged to pay a cash amount in the relevant  Settlement Currency equal to 
the fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent on or about the due date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s) 
in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount) of the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
 
The Guarantee Obligations will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor ranking 
as senior preferred obligations as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code. 
 
Such Guarantee Obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves and:  
 
(i) pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor outstanding as of the 
date of the entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016;  
 
(ii) pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as provided for in 
Article L. 613-30-3 I 3° of the Code) of the Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law on 11 December 2016;  
 
(iii) junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred exceptions; and 
 
(iv) senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L.613-30-3 I 4° of the Code) of the 
Guarantor and all present or future subordinated obligations and deeply subordinated obligations. 
 
 
3. TYPE OF WARRANTS AND WARRANT EXERCISE PROCEDURE 
 
3.1    Type of Warrants 
 
The Final Terms will specify whether the Warrants are American Style Warrants or European Style Warrants. European Style 
Warrants are also known as Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants. Where the Final Terms specify that the Warrants are Fixed 
Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants, any references in the Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms to "European Style 
Warrants" shall be deemed to be a reference to Fixed Scheduled Exercise Style Warrants.  
 
The Final Terms will specify whether:

--- Page 182 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
182 
(i) automatic exercise (Automatic Exercise) applies to the Warrants or whether the Warrants are subject to Manual Exercise in 
accordance with Conditions 3.4.1 to 3.4.6 (inclusive) and 3.4.8; 
 
(ii) the Warrants are subject to maximum (in the case of American Style Warrants only) and minimum exercise amounts in accordance 
with Condition 3.3 below; and 
 
(iii) the Warrants may only be exercised in units (Units). 
 
If Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants must be exercised in Units and any Exercise Notice which purports 
to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be null and void. 
 
The Final Terms will specify whether the Warrants are Cash Settled Warrants or Physical Delivery Warrants, as more fully described 
below.  
 
3.2    Exercise rights 
 
3.2.1    American Style Warrants 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled, American Style Warrants are capable of being exercised on any Business Day during the 
Exercise Period or, if applicable or relevant, in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5.4.1.1, 5.4.1.2, 5.4.1.3 and 5.5.2. 
 
Where Automatic Exercise does not apply 
 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the Final Terms, any American Style Warrant with respect to 
which no Exercise Notice (as defined below) has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 3.4 below, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. 
(Local Time) in respect of the relevant Clearing System or the Registration Agent on the Expiration Date, shall become void.  
 
Where Automatic Exercise does apply 
 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Final Terms, any such American Style Warrant shall, 
unless such Warrant has been exercised previously by the valid delivery of an Exercise Notice in the manner set out in  Condition 3.4 
below, be automatically exercised on behalf of the Warrantholders on the Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 3.4.7 below 
shall apply. In such cases an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be served prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration Date 
in accordance with the paragraph below. 
 
Exercise Procedure 
 
The Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered or deemed delivered in respect of an American 
Style Warrant in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions is referred to herein as the Actual Exercise Date. If any 
Exercise Notice is received or deemed delivered in accordance with these General Terms and Conditions after 10.00 a.m. (Local 
Time) on any Business Day during the Exercise Period, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next 
Business Day, which Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of 
which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 3.4 below at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on 
the Expiration Date shall (A) if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, become void or (B) if 
Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date as 
provided above. 
 
3.2.2    European Style Warrants 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled, European Style Warrants are capable of being exercised on the Expiration Date or, if 
applicable or relevant, in accordance with the provisions of Conditions 5.4.1.1, 5.4.1.2, 5.4.1.3 and 5.5.2.  
 
Where Automatic Exercise does not apply 
 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying to the Warrants in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style Warrant with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 3.4 below, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local 
Time) on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
 
Where Automatic Exercise does apply 
 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms each European Style Warrant shall be automatically 
exercised on behalf of the Warrantholders on the Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 3.4.7 below shall apply. 
 
3.3    Minimum and Maximum Number of Warrants Exercisable 
 
The minimum and maximum number of Warrants exercisable by any Warrantholder on any Exercise Date (respectively, the Minimum 
Exercise Number and Maximum Exercise Number) shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The number of Warrants 
exercisable by a Warrantholder on any Exercise Date must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number or any integral multiple thereof 
and (except on the Expiration Date) may not exceed the Maximum Exercise Number. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise 
Warrants in an amount less than the Minimum Exercise Number (or in a number which is not an integral multiple of the minimum

--- Page 183 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
183 
number) shall be void and of no effect. Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise (except on the Expiration Date) Warrants in 
an amount in excess of the Maximum Exercise Number shall be void and of no effect in respect of such excess provided that: 
 
(1)     only if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants subject to the Maximum Exercise Number shall be selected at 
the Issuer's discretion (or in any other manner specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
 
(2)    unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Warrants tendered for exercise pursuant to such Exercise Notice 
in excess of such Maximum Exercise Number will be automatically exercised on each next date on which Warrants may be exercised 
subject always (except on the Expiration Date) to the Maximum Exercise Number. 
 
The minimum number (or an integral multiple thereof) of Warrants that may be traded by a Warrantholder (the Minimum Trading 
Number) shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If the Warrants are American Style Warrants and are listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Final Terms will 
specify the Maximum Number of Warrants to be exercised on each Business Day. 
 
3.4    Exercise Procedure  
 
3.4.1    Exercise Notice in respect of  Dematerialised Warrants and Temporary Global Warrants 
 
Subject as provided in Condition 3.4.7, Warrants represented by a Global Warrant may only be exercised by the delivery in writing  of 
a duly completed exercise notice (an Exercise Notice) in the form set out in the French Law Agency Agreement (copies of which 
form may be obtained from the Agent during normal office hours) to the Agent (directly through its Euroclear France Account Holder 
as instructed by the Warrantholder) or to the Registration Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in this Condition 3. 
 
The Exercise Notice shall: 
 
(i) specify the relevant Issue of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
 
(ii) specify the number of the Warrantholder's securities account at the relevant Clearing System to be debited with the Warrants;  
 
(iii) irrevocably instruct the relevant Clearing System to debit on or before the Settlement Date the Warrantholder's securities account 
with the Warrants being exercised; 
 
(iv) specify, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the number of the Warrantholder's account at the relevant Clearing System to be 
credited with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
 
(v) specify, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Deliverable Asset(s) relating to such Physical Delivery Amount which may include account details and/or the name and address of 
any person(s) into whose name evidence of such Deliverable Asset(s) is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom 
documents evidencing the Deliverable Asset(s) are to be delivered;  
 
(vi)  include an undertaking to pay all expenses and any other amounts due from the Warrantholder to the Issuer under the Warrants 
being exercised (including, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity), and an 
authority to the relevant Clearing System to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any amount due to such Warrantholder 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Cash Settlement Amount) and/or to debit a specified account of the Warrantholder at the 
relevant Clearing System; 
 
(vii) certify that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. Person and is a person who is (1) located outside 
the United States, and who is (2) not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or a Non-U.S. Person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under 
the Commodity Exchange Act (as such terms may be amended from time to time)), the Warrant is not being exercised within the 
United States or on behalf of a U.S. Person and no cash, securities; or other property has been or will be delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person or any person in the United States in connection with any exercise thereof; 
and, where appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the securities, 
commodities, tax and other laws of the United States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(viii) authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings, 
 
all as provided in the French Law Agency Agreement. 
 
3.4.2    Exercise Notice in respect of Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants 
 
Subject as provided in Condition 3.4.7, Definitive Registered Warrants may only be exercised by the delivery in writing of an Exercise 
Notice in the form set out in the French Law Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Registrar) to the 
Registrar with a copy to the Agent in accordance with the provisions set out in this Condition 3. 
 
The Exercise Notice shall:

--- Page 184 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
184 
(i) specify the relevant Issue of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if Units are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
 
(ii) include the relevant Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants; 
 
(iii) specify to the Agent the details of the securities account to be debited with the Warrants to which the Exercise Notice relates; 
 
(iv) irrevocably instruct and authorise the Agent to instruct the Euroclear France Account Holder to debit on or prior to the Settlement 
Date the Warrantholder's account with the Warrants or Units to which the Exercise Notice relates; 
 
(v) specify, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the details of the account to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) 
for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
 
(vi) specify, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable Final Terms for delivery of the 
Deliverable Asset(s) which may include account details and/or the name and address of any person(s) into whose name evidence of 
the Deliverable Asset(s) is to be registered and/or any bank, broker or agent to whom documents evidencing the Deliverable Asset(s) 
are to be delivered; 
 
(vii) include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and any other amounts due from the Warrantholder to the Issuer under the Warrants 
being exercised (including, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by Parity) and an 
authority to the Registration Agent to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any amount due to the relevant Warrantholder 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Cash Settlement Amount); 
 
(viii) certify that the beneficial owner of each such Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. Person and is a person who is (1) located 
outside the United States, and who is (2) not  a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) or a Non-U.S. Person (as defined in Rule 
4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act (as such terms may be amended from time to time)), the Warrant is not being exercised 
within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. Person and no cash, securities or other property has been or will be delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. Person or any person in the United States in connection with any 
exercise thereof; and, where appropriate,  
 
(ix) undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of restrictions under the securities, commodities, tax and other 
laws of the United States of America as indicated and set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(x) authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal proceedings, 
 
all as provided in the French Law Agency Agreement. 
 
3.4.3     Left blank intentionally  
 
3.4.4    Verification of the Warrantholder 
 
 Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, Agent shall verify that the exercised Warrants have been irrevocably credited to its account held 
(on behalf of the Issuer) with the relevant Clearing System or the Registration Agent. 
 
Subject thereto, the Agent shall confirm to the Issuer the relevant Issue and the number of Warrants being exercised and, in the case 
of Cash Settled Warrants, the account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount of each Warrant or Unit, 
as the case may be, being exercised and, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, such details as are required by the applicable 
Final Terms for delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount (if any). The Agent will on or before the Settlement Date remove from the 
Record the Warrants being exercised. 
 
3.4.5    Determinations 
 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made by the relevant Clearing 
System or the Registration Agent in consultation with the Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Agents and 
the relevant Warrantholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or 
which is not copied to the Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, immediately after being delivered or sent to the relevant Clearing 
System or Registration Agent, as applicable, shall be null and void. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, the 
Issuer shall not be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as applicable, 
in consultation with the Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to 
the relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as the case may be. 
 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any Warrant with respect to which the Exercise Notice 
has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out above before the Expiration Date shall become void. 
 
The relevant Clearing System, Agent or Registrar, as the case may be, shall use its best efforts promptly to notify the Warrantholder 
submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with the Agent, it has determined that such Exercise Notice is incomplete or not in 
proper form. In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the Agents, the Registrar or the relevant

--- Page 185 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
185 
Clearing System shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection with such 
determination or the notification of such determination to a Warrantholder. 
 
3.4.6    Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant Warrantholder to exercise the Warrants specified. 
After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, such exercising Warrantholder may not transfer such Warrants. 
 
3.4.7    Automatic Exercise 
 
This Condition 3.4.7 only applies to Cash Settled Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case any Warrants will be automatically exercised as provided in Condition 3.2.  
 
Automatic Exercise is conditional upon the Cash Settlement Amount being greater than zero. 
 
Where Automatic Exercise applies in respect of Warrants and unless otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Warrantholders will not be required to deliver an Exercise Notice or take any other action in order to receive the Cash Settlement 
Amount (if any) in respect of such Warrants and/or Units held by them and instead the Warrants shall be deemed to have been 
exercised automatically on their behalf in the manner described in Condition 3.2. The Cash Settlement Amount will be determined by 
or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the applicable Terms and Conditions and, further to which  the Agent shall cause the 
Cash Settlement Amount (if any) to be paid to the relevant Warrantholder in accordance with Condition 5 and shall instruct Euroclear 
France or the Registration Agent to debit on or prior to the Settlement Date the relevant accounts of the Euroclear France Account 
Holders or the Registration Agent with the Warrants or Units to which the Exercise Notice relates. 
 
In the event that a Warrantholder does not, where applicable, so deliver an Exercise Notice prior to 10.00 a.m., Local Time, on any 
Business Day until not later than 10.00 a.m., Local time, on the day falling 180 days after (x) the Actual Exercise Date, in the case of 
American Style Warrants or (y) the Expiration Date, in the case of European Style Warrants (the Cut-off Date), the Issuer's and 
Guarantor's obligations in respect of such Warrants shall be discharged and no further liability or obligation in respect thereof shall 
attach to the Issuer. For the avoidance of doubt, a Warrantholder shall not be entitled to any payment in respect of the period from 
the Actual Exercise Date to the Settlement Date. 
 
3.4.8    Exercise Risk 
 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the relevant date on which such 
exercise takes place and neither the Issuer nor the Agent shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions 
contemplated as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices. None of the Issuer or the Agents shall under any circumstances 
be liable for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing System in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the Warrants. 
 
3.5    Agent's duties 
 
Subject to the Warrants validly exercised in the manner set out above, the applicable Agent shall, on or before the Settlement Date, 
comply with the instructions given to it in the relevant Exercise Notice.  
 
3.6    General 
 
For the purpose of this Condition 3: 
 
Business Day means (a) a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant Financial Centre(s) (if applicable, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) and a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which the Operator is open for business and (b) for 
the purposes of making payments in euro, any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET) System is open. 
 
Exercise Date means (a) in the case of European Style Warrants, the Expiration Date or (b) in the case of American Style Warrants, 
the Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is validly delivered in accordance with Condition 3 or (only 
where Automatic Exercise applies and if no Exercise Notice is otherwise validly delivered in accordance with Condition 3.4.7) the 
Expiration Date. 
 
Exercise Period shall have the meaning given to it in the Final Terms.  
 
Exercise Price means the price specified in the applicable Final Terms, as may be amended from time to time in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions.  
 
Expiration Date means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Local Time means the local time in the city of the relevant Clearing System (in the case of a Global Warrant), Registrar (in the case 
of a Definitive Registered Warrant) or the EUI Agent (in the case of an EUI Warrant).

--- Page 186 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
186 
In relation to any Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the expressions 
"exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply to any such Warrants which are automatically exercised 
on behalf of the Warrantholders in accordance with the above provisions. 
 
4. Left blank intentionally 
 
5. PAYMENTS AND DELIVERIES  
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
 
References to "payment" or "repayment" (as the case may be) and other similar expressions will, where the context so admits, be 
deemed also to refer to delivery of the Deliverable Asset(s) with respect to any Physical Delivery Amount(s). 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have 
access to the TARGET System. 
 
5.1 Method of payment  
 
5.1.1. Dematerialised  Warrants  
 
Payments in respect of Dematerialised Warrants shall (in the case of Dematerialised Warrants in bearer dematerialised form or 
administered registered form) be made by transfer to the account (denominated in the relevant currency) of the relevant Euroclear 
France Account Holders for the benefit of the Warrantholders and (in the case of Dematerialised Warrant in fully registered form) to 
accounts (denominated in the relevant currency) with a Bank designated by the Warrantholders. All payments validly made to such 
accounts of such Euroclear France Account Holders or Warrantholders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such 
payments. 
 
5.1.2  Materialised Bearer Warrants 
 
Subject as provided below and, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject also as provided in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
(1) payments in a Settlement Currency (other than euro or Renminbi) will be made against presentation and surrender during usual 
business hours of the relevant Materialised Bearer Warrants at the specified of any Paying Agent outside the United States by credit 
or transfer to an account in the relevant Settlement Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre(s) 
of the country of such Settlement Currency (which, if the Settlement Currency is Australian Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the 
Settlement Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal); 
 
(2) payments in euro will be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant Materialised Bearer 
Warrants at the specified of any Paying Agent outside the United States by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; 
 
(3) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants and subject to Condition 5.14.5:  
 
(i)     transfer of the Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of any Physical Delivery Amount will be effected by the Delivery (a) to, or to the 
order of, the Warrantholder of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s), (b) to, or to the order of, the Warrantholder at the risk of the relevant 
Warrantholder in such manner as may be specified in the transfer notice (the Transfer Notice, the form of which is annexed to the 
French Law Agency Agreement) and subject to compliance with applicable securities laws; and 
 
(ii)     if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement" is "Applicable", payment will be made 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.14.2 or where a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred, pursuant to the provisions of 
Condition 5.14.5. 
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions: 
 
Deliver means, in respect of any underlying asset, to deliver, novate, transfer (including, where the applicable underlying asset is a 
guarantee, transfer the benefit of the guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of the 
applicable underlying asset (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in 
order to convey all right, title and interest in the underlying asset free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances 
(including, without limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than an Exempt Counterclaim or Defence) or right of set off by or of 
the obligor with respect to the underlying asset); provided that where the underlying asset is a Loan Participation, Deliver means to 
create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the Warrantholder and, where the underlying asset is a guarantee, 
Deliver means to Deliver both the guarantee and the underlying obligation to which such guarantee relates. Delivery and Delivered 
will be construed accordingly. In the case of a loan (being any obligation that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan 
agreement or other similar credit agreement), Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such loan at that time; 
 
Exempt Counterclaim or Defence means, in respect of any underlying asset, any defence based upon (a) any lack or alleged lack 
of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor with respect to the underlying asset to enter into the underlying asset or, where the

--- Page 187 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
187 
underlying asset is a guarantee, any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant obligor in respect of the guarantee 
and/or the obligor in respect of the underlying obligation to which such guarantee relates, (b) any actual or alleged unenforceability, 
illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any underlying asset or, where the underlying asset is a guarantee, the guarantee 
and/or the underlying obligation to which such guarantee relates, however described, (c) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree 
or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority 
or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described, or (d) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described; and 
 
Loan Participation means a loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation agreement, the relevant Issuer is capable of creating, 
or procuring the creation of, a contractual right in favour of the relevant Warrantholder that provides the Warrantholder with recourse 
to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant loan which are received by such participation 
seller, any such agreement to be entered into between the Warrantholder and the Issuer (to the extent the Issuer is then a lender or 
a member of the relevant lending syndicate). 
 
5.2 Left blank intentionally 
 
5.3 Left blank intentionally 
 
5.4 Left blank intentionally 
 
5.5 Left blank intentionally 
 
5.6 Payments on Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange  
 
Notwithstanding any other provision in this Condition, in the case Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the relevant Swiss Paying 
Agency Agreement shall supplement and modify the French Law Agency Agreement for the purposes of the relevant Warrants, 
including providing for the appointment of a Principal Swiss Paying Agent (which, in the case of Warrants listed on SIX Swiss 
Exchange shall at all times be a bank or Warrants dealer that is subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA (FINMA)) that will perform certain duties including, inter alia, those which relate to Swiss capital market customs and 
payment instructions.  
 
The relevant Issuer shall make all payments due under the Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange to the Principal Swiss Paying 
Agent in accordance with the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement and the General Terms and Conditions. Payments in respect of any 
Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, each denominated in Swiss Francs shall be made in freely disposable Swiss Francs, and in 
the case of Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange denominated in a currency other than Swiss Francs in such other currency, which 
shall also be freely disposable, without collection of costs and whatever the circumstances may be, irrespective of the nationality, 
domicile or residence of the holder of any  Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and without requiring any certification, affidavit or 
the fulfilment of any other formality. The receipt by the Principal Swiss Paying Agent of the due and punctual payment of such funds 
in Switzerland shall discharge the Issuer's obligations under the  Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, as the case may be, with 
respect to the payment of, as the case may be, any amount, costs and additional amounts on the Warrants and the paying agency 
fees, in each case to the extent of the funds received. 
 
5.7 Left blank intentionally  
 
5.8  Payments subject to tax and other laws 
 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable tax or other laws, regulations and directives in any jurisdiction (whether by 
operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature 
imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6, (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto and (iii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code.  
 
No commission or expense shall be charged to the Warrantholders in respect of such payments but, for the avoidance of doubt, 
without prejudice to the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the provisions specific to the occurrence of an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, as provided for in each relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
5.9 Payment Business Day 
 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Warrant is not a Payment Business Day, the Warrantholder thereof shall 
instead be entitled to payment: 
 
(i) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is " 
Following Payment Business Day": on the next following Payment Business Day in the relevant place; or 
 
(ii) if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Payment Business Day" is "Modified Following Payment Business Day": 
on the next following Payment Business Day in the relevant place, unless the date for payment would thereby fall into the next calendar

--- Page 188 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
188 
month, in which event such date for payment shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Payment Business Day in the 
relevant place; 
 
provided that if neither "Following Payment Business Day" nor "Modified Following Payment Business Day" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, "Following Payment Business Day" shall be deemed to apply. In the event that any adjustment is made to the 
date for payment in accordance with this Condition, the relevant amount due in respect of any Warrant shall not be affected by any 
such adjustment. 
 
For the purposes of these General Terms and Conditions, except as specified in Conditions 5.5: 
 
Payment Business Day means any day which is: 
 
(1)  in the case of Dematerialised Warrants, a day on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Definitive 
Materialised Bearer Warrants, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of 
presentation, 
 
(2) subject to the provisions of the French Law Agency Agreement, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each 
financial centre(s) (the Financial Centre(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
 
(3) either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the Settlement Currency (which if the Settlement Currency is Australian 
Dollar, shall be Sydney and, if the Settlement Currency is Canadian Dollar, shall be Montreal and, if the Settlement Currency is 
Renminbi, shall be Hong Kong) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open. 
  
5.10 Payment Disruption Event  
 
If on or prior to a due date (such date a “Payment Disruption Date”) for payment of any amount payable  under the Warrants and/or 
under the Guarantee,  a Payment Disruption Event occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall give notice of 
such occurrence to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.  
 
Following the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event:  
 
(A) the date for payment of such amount payable (if any) under the Warrants (the “Disrupted Amount”) will be postponed to (i) the 
second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the ¨Payment Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting or if earlier (ii) the date falling thirty calendar days following the scheduled due date for payment of the relevant Disrupted 
Amount (the "Payment Disruption Cut-off Date") which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the Scheduled Expiration 
Date; and  
(B) (i) in the case of (A)(i) above, the Issuer will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount less Payment Disruption Expenses (if any) in the 
Specified Currency specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in the case of (A)(ii) above, in lieu of paying the relevant Disrupted 
Amount in the relevant Specified Currency, the Issuer will, subject to the paragraph below, convert the relevant Disrupted Amount 
into the Payment Disruption Currency (using the  Payment Disruption Exchange Rate for the relevant Payment Disruption Date) and 
will pay the relevant Disrupted Amount less the Payment Disruption Expenses (if any) in the Payment Disruption Currency on the 
Payment Disruption Cut-off Date.  
 
If sub-paragraph (B)(ii) above applies, the Calculation Agent will determine the Payment  
Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner in accordance with the following procedures:  
 
(A) the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards)) as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer Specified Currency/Payment 
Disruption Currency exchange rates provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) on such day; or  
(B) if fewer than two leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer Specified Currency/Payment Disruption Currency 
exchange rates on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Payment Disruption Exchange Rate acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in these “Payment Disruption Event” provisions shall prevent the Issuer from making 
any other determination  under these Terms and Conditions of the Warrants or any applicable Additional Terms and Conditions.  
 
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or payment made in a Payment Disruption 
Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.10 shall constitute an Event of Default. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.10 :  
 
"Payment Disruption Currency" means [Euro or USD] as selected in a commercially reasonable manner by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent;  
 
"Payment Disruption Event" means the occurrence of an event which makes it unlawful, impossible or otherwise impracticable to 
pay any Disrupted Amount in the Specified Currency on the Payment Disruption Date, including, without limitation, any decision by a

--- Page 189 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
189 
Clearing System to stop accepting the Specified Currency as a settlement currency for its operations and transactions, including, 
without limitation, the payment of income and/or redemption amounts in respect of the Warrants;  
 
"Payment Disruption Exchange Rate" means the rate of exchange between the Specified Currency (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) and the Payment Disruption Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of sub-
paragraph (iii) above; and 
 
"Payment Disruption Expenses" means, unless it is being specified as "Not Applicable" in the Applicable Final Terms, the sum of 
(i) the cost to the Issuer and/or its affiliates of unwinding any hedging arrangements related to the Warrants and (ii) any transaction, 
payment or other costs and expenses arising directly out of the occurrence of a Payment Disruption Event or the related payment of 
the Disrupted Amount, all as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
 
5.11 Sanctions 
 
If on or prior to a due date (such date a “Sanctions Disrupted Date”) for payment of any amount payable  under the Warrants and/or 
under the Guarantee  a Sanctions Disruption Event occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall give notice of 
such occurrence to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter.  
 
Following the occurrence of a Sanctions Disruption Event:  
 
(A) the date for payment of such amount payable (if any) under the Warrants (the “Disrupted Amount”) will be postponed to the 
second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the Sanctions Disruption Event is no longer 
subsisting which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the Scheduled Expiration Date (the “Released Payment Date”).  (B) 
Payments of Disrupted Amounts, in particular but not limited to the situation where the Released Payment Date occurs later than the 
Scheduled Expiration Date, may be made outside the Clearing Systems if the relevant Clearing System(s) has/have decided that 
these payments are no longer eligible for its operations and transactions.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in these Sanctions Disruption Event provisions shall prevent the Issuer from determining 
the occurrence of any other event under these Terms and Conditions of the Warrants or any applicable Additional Terms and 
Conditions. 
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or payment made in a Payment Disruption 
Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.11 shall constitute an Event of Default. 
 
“Sanctions Disruption Event” means the payment as envisaged pursuant to these Terms and Conditions and/or the Guarantee and 
the French Agency Agreement, the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement or any other paying agency agreement or any other paying 
agency agreement, of any payable under the Warrants, by the Issuer or the Guarantor would constitute a breach or violation of 
Sanctions, including following the change of interpretation of existing Sanctions. 
 
"Sanctions" means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or similar measures enacted, administered or enforced 
by any of the following (or by any agency of any of the following):  
(a) the United Nations;  
(b) the United States of America;  
(c) the United Kingdom; or  
(d) the European Union or any present or future member state thereof. 
 
5.12 Cyber-attacks  
 
If on or prior to a due date for payment of any amount payable under the Warrants and/or the Guarantee (such date a “Cyber-attack 
Disruption Date”) a Cyber-attack occurs as determined by the Calculation Agent (a “Cyber-attack Disruption Event”) , the Issuer 
shall give notice of such occurrence to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter.  
 
Following the occurrence of a Cyber-attack Disruption Event:  
- the date for payment of such amount payable (if any) under the Warrants and/or the Guarantee (the “Cyber-attack Disrupted 
Amount”) will be postponed to the second Business Day following the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the Cyber-
attack Disruption Event is no longer subsisting which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be later than the Scheduled Expiration Date, 
provided that the Issuer and/or the Guarantor shall make their best endeavours to implement remedies as soon as reasonably 
practicable to eliminate the impact of the Cyber-attack Disruption Event on its/their payment obligations of the Cyber-attack Disrupted 
Amount under the Warrants and/or the Guarantee (as applicable). 
 
“Data” means any digital information, stored or used by the Computer System, including confidential data.  
 
“Cyber-attack” means any malicious action or attempt initiated to steal, expose, alter, disable or destroy information through 
unauthorised access or maintenance or use of to the Computer Systems of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, their 
respective affiliates (the "SG Group"), their IT service providers, by (and without limitation) the use of malware, ransomware, phishing, 
denial or disruption of service or cryptojacking or any unauthorized entry, removal , reproduction, transmission, deletion, disclosure  
or modification preventing the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent to perform their obligations under the Warrants, and 
notwithstanding  the implementation of processes, required, as the case may be, by the laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent and their affiliates, or their IT service providers to improve their resilience to these actions and 
attempts.

--- Page 190 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
190 
 
“Computer System” means all the computer resources including, in particular: hardware, software packages, software, databases 
and peripherals, equipment, networks, electronic installations for storing computer data, including Data. 
 
The Computer System shall be understood to be that which: 
- belongs to the SG Group and/or; 
- is rented, operated or legally held by the SG Group under a contract with the holder of the rights to the said system and/or;  
- is operated on behalf of the SG Group by a third party within the scope of a contractual relationship and/or; 
- is made available to the SG Group under a contract within the framework of a shared system (in particular cloud computing). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in these provisions shall prevent the Issuer from making any other determination under 
these Terms and Conditions of the Warrants or any applicable Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
No action or omission (including, without limitation, any postponement of any payment and/or payment made in a Payment Disruption 
Currency) in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 5.12 shall constitute an Event of Default. 
 
5.13 Left blank intentionally  
 
5.14  Physical Delivery Warrants 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Physical Delivery Provisions" is "Applicable", this Condition applies. 
 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Deliverable Asset(s), the Physical Delivery Amount, the provisions governing 
whether transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) or payment of a cash sum will apply, the Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement and the 
method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
Deliverable Asset(s) means the deliverable asset(s) which may be either: 
 
(i) the Underlying(s) of the Warrants specified under the paragraph "Underlying(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, which may be any 
Underlying as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants or  
 
(ii) if different from the Underlying(s) of the Warrants, a share, an American or global depositary receipt and/or an exchange traded 
fund and/or a fund and/or an exchange traded product and/or a bond and/or a future, and/or any other assets specified under the 
paragraph "Deliverable Asset(s)" in the applicable Final Terms, in such case the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to such deliverable asset (as if such asset was an underlying of the Warrant) shall apply in respect to any definition or event 
related to such deliverable asset shall apply.  
 
However, 
 
(a) no share in Societe Generale or the Group will be deliverable. If a Share in Societe Generale or the Group should be delivered, 
such share will be replaced by, in due proportion, an equivalent amount in cash; and 
 
(b) no Fund Unit in respect of any underlying fund which is a hedge fund will be delivered to retail investors. 
 
The Deliverable Assets to be delivered in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants will: 
 
(1)    if "Market Value" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable Assets, have an 
aggregate market value, based on the closing price of the applicable Deliverable Assets on the Expiration Date, Event-linked Early 
Expiration Date, Optional Early Expiration Date or cancellation date, as the case may be and as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
equivalent to the Physical Delivery Amount (as determined for the purposes of Condition 5.2 or following any early expiration or 
cancellation, as the case may be) relating to the Warrants; 
 
(2)    if "Nominal Amount" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable Assets, have an 
aggregate nominal amount equivalent to the Physical Delivery Amount (as determined for the purposes of Condition 5.2 or following 
any early expiration or cancellation, as the case may be) relating to the Warrants; and 
 
(3)    if "Other" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable in respect of the Deliverable Assets, be an amount as 
determined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Physical Delivery Amount means: an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Final Settlement Price divided (if applicable) 
by the Parity (as defined in Condition 5.2 below).  
 
Any reference in these General Terms and Conditions to "Physical Delivery Amount(s)", shall mean such amount less any expenses, 
fees, stamp duty, levies or other amounts including, but not limited to, any taxes or duties arising from the delivery or transfer of 
Deliverable Asset(s) payable on or in respect of such Physical Delivery Amount(s). 
 
5.14.1   Method of transfer of Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of Physical Delivery Amount

--- Page 191 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
191 
When the settlement of a Physical Delivery Warrant is by way of physical delivery, the delivery of any Physical Delivery Amount or 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be (including, without limitation, liability for the costs of transfer of 
Deliverable Asset(s)) will be made through Clearstream, Euroclear, Iberclear or Monte Titoli or other relevant Clearing System. 
 
The Deliverable Asset(s) will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Warrantholders in such manner as may be specified in the transfer 
notice pursuant to which such Deliverable Assets are delivered (the Transfer Notice), the form of which is annexed to the French 
Law Agency Agreement and, notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, no additional payment or delivery will be due to a 
Warrantholder where any Deliverable Asset(s) is/are delivered after their due date in circumstances beyond the control of either the 
Issuer or the Settlement Agent. The Transfer Notice will be delivered using the transfer procedures currently utilised by the relevant 
Clearing System. 
 
A Warrantholder’s entitlement to any Physical Delivery Amount or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, 
will be evidenced: 
 
(i) by the Warrantholders’ account balance appearing on the records of the relevant Clearing System, 
 
(ii) in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, by the account balances appearing in the records of the relevant Clearing System or, if 
necessary, the number of Warrants held by each Warrantholder as notified to the Principal Paying Agent by the relevant Clearing 
System, and  
 
(iii) in the case of Dematerialised Warrants in fully registered form, by the entries maintained at the relevant time on the accounts 
maintained by the Registration Agent. 
 
When Warrants are held in a Clearing System, to the extent that a beneficial Warrantholder holds such Warrants through a custodian, 
the Issuer may in its discretion (and subject to obtaining such proof, evidence and/or indemnity arrangements as it deems appropriate) 
take account of such custodial arrangements when determining where to deliver Deliverable Asset(s) which form the Physical Delivery 
Amount. 
 
Any delivery of Deliverable Assets will only be made in compliance with applicable securities laws. 
 
5.14.2   Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement 
 
When the applicable Final Terms specify that “Issuer’s option to vary method of settlement" is applicable, the Issuer may elect to pay 
or cause to be paid to the Warrantholder the Cash Settlement Amount  on the Settlement Date, as the case may be, in lieu of its 
obligation to deliver or procure delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount. Notification of any such election will be given to the 
Warrantholder in accordance with Condition 13.  
 
In such case no payment in respect of the Exercise Price will be due by the Warrantholder. 
 
5.14.3   Fractional Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants 
 
If the Physical Delivery Amount or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, comprises less than a whole 
number of securities at the relevant time, then (i) the relevant Issuer shall not deliver and the relevant Warrantholder shall not be 
entitled to receive in respect of its Warrants that fraction of a security (the Fractional Entitlement) and (ii) the Issuer shall pay to the 
relevant Warrantholder a cash amount equal to the value of such Fractional Entitlement (as determined by or on behalf of the relevant 
Issuer). 
 
5.14.4   No obligations in relation to underlying asset 
 
Except as expressly provided, the purchase of Warrants does not confer on any Warrantholder any rights (whether in respect of 
voting, distributions or otherwise) attached to any Underlying. 
 
The Issuer shall be under no obligation to register or procure the registration of any Warrantholder or any other person as the 
registered holder in respect of any relevant asset(s) comprised in any Physical Delivery Amount in any relevant register.  
 
For such period of time after the Settlement Date as the Issuer or any person on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal 
owner of any asset(s) comprised in any assets comprising the Physical Delivery Amount (or equivalent amounts in circumstances 
where the Warrants are subject to early expiration, purchase or cancellation) (the Intervening Period), neither the Issuer nor any 
other such person shall (a) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to the relevant Warrantholder or any subsequent 
beneficial owner of such asset(s) or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment 
whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such asset(s), (b) be under any obligation to exercise or procure 
exercise of any or all rights (including any voting rights) attaching to such asset(s) during the Intervening Period or (c) be under any 
liability to the relevant Warrantholder or any subsequent beneficial owner of such asset(s) or any other person in respect of any loss 
or damage which the relevant Warrantholder or subsequent beneficial owner or any other person may sustain or suffer as a result, 
whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any other such person being the legal owner of such asset(s) during such Intervening 
Period.  
 
5.14.5    Settlement Disruption Event

--- Page 192 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
192 
If a Settlement Disruption Event does prevent delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount on the Settlement Date, then, such delivery 
shall occur on the first succeeding day on which delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount can take place through the relevant Clearing 
System (the Actual Settlement Date) unless a Settlement Disruption Event prevents delivery for a period of 20 Clearing System 
Days immediately following the original date that would have been the Actual Settlement Date (the Delivery Period). In that latter 
case, the Issuer shall, in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Warrant, the fair market value of the 
number of  Underlying(s) to be delivered (the Fair Market Value) converted into the Settlement Currency at the current exchange 
rate, if applicable. 
 
The Fair Market Value will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the market conditions on the first Business Day 
following the Delivery Period: 
 
(a) if a dividend is paid in respect of the Deliverable Asset(s) from and including the Exercise Date to and, as the case may be, (a) 
excluding the Delivery Date or (b) including, in the event of a Settlement Disruption Event, the date on which the Fair Market Value is 
calculated, then, the net dividend amount relating to the number of Deliverable Asset(s) to be delivered per Warrant (excluding any 
related tax credit) converted into the Settlement Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable, will be paid in cash to the 
Warrantholders as soon as practicable; 
 
(b) all stamp duties, or other similar taxes and/or duties, in respect of physical delivery of Deliverable Asset(s) shall be borne by the 
Warrantholders. 
 
Provided that in the case of Credit Linked Warrants, upon the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, the relevant Issuer shall, 
in lieu of delivering the Physical Delivery Amount, pay, in respect of each Warrant, the Credit Event Payment per Undeliverable 
Obligations (as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) to be delivered converted into the 
Settlement Currency at the current exchange rate, if applicable. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Clearing System Day means, in respect of a Clearing System, any day on which such Clearing System is open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
 
Delivery Date means, as the case may be, (a) the scheduled Settlement Date or (b) in the event of a Settlement Disruption Event, 
the Actual Settlement Date. 
 
Settlement Disruption Event means any event beyond the control of the Issuer as a result of which the relevant Clearing System 
cannot clear the transfer of the Physical Delivery Amount. 
 
 
6.  SETTLEMENT OF THE WARRANTS 
 
This Condition is subject to the provisions of Condition 6.6 in respect of Open-ended Warrants. 
 
6.1  Cash Settled Warrants 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, each Cash Settled Warrant entitles the 
Warrantholder (upon delivering a valid Exercise Notice in the proper form where Automatic Exercise in accordance with Condition 
3.4.7 does not apply) to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date an amount (the Cash Settlement Amount) in the Settlement 
Currency equal to the excess (if any, converted if necessary on the basis of the Conversion Rate or failing which the Substitute 
Conversion Rate) of: 
 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Settlement Price over the Exercise Price; or 
 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Exercise Price over the Final Settlement Price, 
 
then divided (if applicable) by the Parity, 
 
where, 
 
Conversion Rate means the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Cash Settlement 
Amount is denominated, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Exercise Price shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, subject to amendment from time to time in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions. 
 
Final Settlement Price means: 
 
(1)    if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Final Settlement Price shall have the meaning given to it in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be;

--- Page 193 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
193 
(2)    otherwise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Parity shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Date means up to six Business Days following the Exercise Date or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Substitute Conversion Rate means the arithmetic mean, rounded if necessary to the nearest 0.0001 (0.000005 and above being 
rounded upwards), as determined by the Calculation Agent of the relevant currency spot offered exchange rate quotations in respect 
of the underlying exchange rate(s) of the Conversion Rate, about two hours after the time at which the underlying exchange rate(s) 
of the Conversion Rate would ordinarily have been announced, by three first ranking banks of the United Kingdom or the European 
Economic and Monetary Union (except Societe Generale) selected by the Calculation Agent, or any other rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
6.2    Physical Delivery Warrants 
 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, each Physical Delivery Warrant entitles the 
Warrantholder (upon delivering a valid Exercise Notice in the proper form) to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the 
transfer of Deliverable Assets, the amount of which will be determined by reference to the Physical Delivery Amount (as further set 
out in, and subject to adjustment in accordance with, Condition 5.12.5  and any other applicable Terms and Conditions), subject to 
payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity,  
 
where, 
 
Delivery Period means 20 Clearing System Days immediately following the Scheduled Settlement Date. 
 
Exercise Price shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, subject to amendment from time to time in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions. 
 
Final Settlement Price means: 
 
(1)    if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, Final Settlement Price shall have the meaning given to it in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be;  
 
(2)    otherwise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Clearing System Day means, in respect of a Clearing System, any day on which such Clearing System is open for the acceptance 
and execution of settlement instructions. 
 
Parity shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Scheduled Settlement Date means up to six Business Days following the Exercise Date or such other date as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Date means the first day during the Delivery Period when the Issuer is able to deliver the Deliverable Assets to the 
Warrantholder or such other date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
6.3 Cancellation for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force Majeure Event or Event of Default 
 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
 
Change in Law means (i) the adoption, enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of any applicable new law, regulation or 
rule (including, without limitation, any applicable tax law, regulation or rule) after the Issue Date of the Warrants, (ii) the implementation 
or application of any applicable law, regulation or rule (including, without limitation, any applicable tax law, regulation or rule) already 
in force on the Issue Date of the Warrants but in respect of which the manner of its implementation or application was not known or 
unclear at the Issue Date, or (iii) the change of any applicable law, regulation or rule existing at the Issue Date of the Warrants, or the 
change in the interpretation or application or practice relating thereto, existing on the Issue Date of the Warrants of any applicable 
law, regulation or rule, by any competent court, tribunal, regulatory authority or any other entity exercising executive, legislative, 
judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any additional or alternative 
court, tribunal, authority or entity, to that existing on the Issue Date).  
 
Early Termination of the Warrants means the cancellation of the Warrants, in whole, but not in part, at any time at (i) in the case of 
Cash Settled Warrants, their Early Termination Settlement Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.5.2 or, (ii) in the case 
of Physical Delivery Warrants and subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, delivery of the Early

--- Page 194 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
194 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount referred to in Condition 6.5.2 and Deliverable Asset(s) of a type specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Event of Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
 
Force Majeure Event means that, by reason of the occurrence of an event or an act of state, on or after the Issue Date, for which 
the Relevant Entity (as defined below) is not accountable, it becomes impossible and insurmountable for the Relevant Entity to perform 
its obligations under the Warrants, so that the continuance of the Warrants is thereby rendered definitively impossible. 
 
Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder means that the Issuer will apply “Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date” in accordance with Condition 6.8 but will also offer the Warrantholders the choice to cancel their Warrants at their 
option prior to the Expiration Date in whole. In the case a Warrantholder requires the Issuer to cancel such Warrants, the Issuer shall 
terminate its obligations under such Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Termination Settlement Amount as defined 
in Condition 6.5.2. 
 
Regulatory Event means, following the occurrence of a Change in Law with respect to the Issuer and/or Societe Generale as 
Guarantor or in any other capacity (including without limitation as market maker of the Warrants or direct or indirect shareholder or 
sponsor of the Issuer) or any of its affiliates involved in the issue of the Warrants (hereafter the Relevant Affiliates and each of the 
Issuer, Societe Generale and the Relevant Affiliates, a Relevant Entity) that, after the Issue Date of the Warrants, (i) any Relevant 
Entity would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing prior to such event) amount of tax, duty, liability, 
penalty, expense, fee, cost or regulatory capital charge however defined or collateral requirements for performing its obligations under 
the Warrants, including, without limitations, due to clearing requirements of, or the absence of, clearing of the transactions entered 
into in connection with the issue of the Warrants, (ii) it would be required from the Relevant Entity to obtain any licence, authorization, 
approval, permit, registration from any governmental, inter-governmental, supranational authority, agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof that it does not hold as of the Issue Date or to modify its by-laws to comply with the new requirements (a) to hold, 
acquire, issue, reissue, substitute, maintain, redeem, settle or as the case may be, guarantee, the Warrants, (b) to acquire, hold, 
sponsor or dispose of any asset(s) (or any interests thereof) of any other transaction(s) such Relevant Entity may use in connection 
with the issue of the Warrants, (c) to perform obligations in connection with, the Warrants or any contractual arrangement entered 
into between the Issuer and Societe Generale or any Relevant Affiliate or (d) to hold, acquire, maintain, increase, substitute or redeem 
all or a substantial part of its direct or indirect shareholding in the Issuer’s capital or the capital of any Relevant Affiliate or to directly 
or indirectly sponsor the Issuer or any Relevant Affiliate, or (iii) there is or may be a material adverse effect on a Relevant Entity in 
connection with the issue of the Warrants. 
 
Relevant Notice means, subject to Condition 9 in respect of Event of Default, a notice given in accordance with Condition 13 (i) not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days, in respect of a Tax Event, a Regulatory Event or a Force Majeure Event, (ii) not less than 7 nor 
more than 45 days in respect of a Special Tax Event, to the Warrantholders (which notice shall be irrevocable) and to the Principal 
Paying Agent. 
 
Special Tax Event means that the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would, on the occasion of the next payment (including 
payment of principal or interest, if any) or delivery in respect of the Warrants, be prevented by the law of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined 
in Condition 6) from causing payment or delivery, as the case may be, to be made to the Warrantholders of the full amount then due 
and payable or deliverable, as the case may be, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition  
7.2. 
 
Tax Event means that (i) the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as 
provided or referred to in Condition 7 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as 
defined in Condition 7) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or 
amendment becomes effective on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants, and (ii) such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it. 
 
A Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event or Force Majeure Event are each an Exceptional Event and together the 
Exceptional Events. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify: 
 
(a) “Early Termination”  
 
then, upon the occurrence of an Exceptional Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant Notice, apply Early Termination 
of the Warrants as defined above, or  
 
(b) “Early Termination or Monetisation until the Expiration Date”,  
 
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant 
Notice, decide to apply either: 
 
(i) Early Termination of the Warrants, or  
 
(ii) " Monetisation until the Expiration Date" in accordance with Condition 6.8,

--- Page 195 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
195 
and upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event, or Event of Default (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Event of 
Default is Not Applicable) the Calculation Agent may only apply Early Termination of the Warrants, or 
 
(c) “Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder, except for Force Majeure Event or Event of Default”,  
 
then, upon the occurrence of a Tax Event, Special Tax Event or Regulatory Event, the Calculation Agent may, on giving a Relevant 
Notice, apply Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder as defined above, and 
 
upon the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event or Event of Default (unless the applicable Final Terms specify that Event of Default is 
Not Applicable), the Calculation Agent may only apply Early Termination of the Warrants.  
 
If following the occurrence of Tax Event or Special Tax Event, Early Termination of the Warrants does not apply (in accordance with 
(b) or (c) above), then Condition 7.2 “Gross Up” will not apply. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that Tax Event or Special Tax Event is Not Applicable, then in case of occurrence of a Tax Event 
or Special Tax Event the Warrants will remain unchanged. 
 
6.4 Early Expiration prior to the Expiration Date of the Warrants  
 
6.4.1      Optional early expiration of the Warrants 
 
6.4.1.1    Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer" is "Applicable", the Warrants are subject 
to:  
 
(a)     with respect to Cash Settled Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Issuer at the Optional Early 
Settlement Amount (as defined in Condition 5.4.1.4  below) on the Optional Early Settlement Date(s) as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or  
 
(b)     with respect to Physical Delivery Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Issuer on the Optional 
Early Settlement Date(s), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity and any other sums payable 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms, by delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount, such amount to be determined in the same 
manner as the Physical Delivery Amount is determined in accordance with Condition 5.12 save that references therein to the Final 
Settlement Price shall be deemed to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Price (as defined below in Condition 6.4.1.4 ).  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the Notice Period (as defined in Condition 6.4.1.4 below).  
  
6.4.1.1.2     Optional Early Expiration in part 
 
If, with respect to Warrants, the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration in part" is "Applicable", the applicable 
Final Terms will specify the Minimum Number of Warrants and the Maximum Number of Warrants.  
 
Any such partial optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer, must be equal to a number of Warrants not less than a minimum 
number of Warrants to be subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer (the Minimum Number of Warrants subject 
to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer) or any integral multiple thereof and not more than a maximum number of 
Warrants subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Issuer (the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional 
Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer), each amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Warrants to be exercised (the Early Expired Warrants) will be selected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Warrants in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant Clearing System and in accordance with the applicable law and regulations not more than 
thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed for early expiration (such date of selection being hereinafter called the Selection Date) and in 
the manner prescribed by the relevant Clearing System, as the case may be. 
 
6.4.1.2     Trigger early settlement of the Warrants at the option of the Issuer 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Trigger early settlement at the option of the Issuer" is "Applicable", then in the event that at 
any time during the life of the Warrants and for any reason whatsoever, the Aggregate Number of Outstanding Warrants equals or 
falls below the Outstanding Amount Trigger Level, the Issuer shall have the option, subject to any applicable law and regulation, to 
exercise all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding Warrants at (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount for such Warrants as determined in accordance with Condition 
6.5.2 or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the amount of Deliverable Assets equals to the Early Trigger Level Physical 
Delivery Amount, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, upon giving not less than fifteen (15) 
Business Days' notice to Warrantholders (in accordance with Condition 13), specifying the applicable Trigger Early Settlement Date. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Aggregate Number of Outstanding Warrants means, at any time, the number of Warrants outstanding held at such time by 
Warrantholders other than Societe Generale or its affiliates for their own account as determined in good faith by the Principal Paying

--- Page 196 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
196 
Agent in consultation with the clearing institution(s) in or through which the Warrants are held and transactions in such Warrants are 
cleared. 
 
Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount means an amount to be determined in the same manner as the Physical Delivery 
Amount is determined in accordance with Condition 5.12 save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed 
to be references to the Early Trigger Level Settlement Price. 
 
Early Trigger Level Settlement Price means: 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the sum of (i) the Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount 
multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price; and 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Early Trigger Level 
Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity. 
 
Outstanding Amount Trigger Level means 10% of the Aggregate Number of Outstanding Warrants initially issued or, if different 
from 10%, the level specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Trigger Early Settlement Date means the date specified by the Issuer for settlement of Warrants subject to Trigger early settlement 
at the option of the Issuer. 
 
6.4.1.3 Early Expiration of the Warrants at the option of the Warrantholders  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder" is "Applicable", the Warrants 
are subject to: 
 
(a)     with respect to Cash Settled Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Warrantholder at the Optional 
Early Settlement Amount (as defined in Condition 6.4.1.4 below) on the Optional Early Settlement Date(s) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or  
 
(b)     with respect to Physical Delivery Warrants, expiration prior to the Expiration Date at the option of the Warrantholder on the 
Optional Early Settlement Date(s), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity and any other sums 
payable as set out in the applicable Final Terms, by delivery of the Physical Delivery Amount, such amount to be determined in the 
same manner as the Physical Delivery Amount is determined in accordance with Condition 5.12 save that references therein to the 
Final Settlement Price shall be deemed to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Price (as defined below in Condition 6.4.1.4).  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the Notice Period (as defined in Condition 6.4.1.5 below).  
 
In addition, if "Optional Early Expiration in part" is “Applicable”, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Minimum Number of 
Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder and the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to 
Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder. 
 
Any such partial optional early expiration must be equal to a number of Warrants not less than a minimum number of Warrants to be 
subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Warrantholder (the Minimum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early 
Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder) or any integral multiple thereof and not more than a maximum number of Warrants 
subject to optional early expiration at the option of the Warrantholder (the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early 
Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder), each amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where a Warrantholder 
delivers (i) a Warrantholder Optional Early Exercise Notice which specifies a number of Warrants to be subject to optional early 
expiration which is less than the Minimum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder 
(or in a number which is not an integral multiple of the minimum number), such notice shall be deemed to be void of no effect and (ii) 
a Warrantholder Optional Early Exercise Notice which specifies a number of Warrants to be subject to optional early expiration which 
is more than the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder, such notice 
shall be deemed to refer only to a number of Warrants equal to the Maximum Number of Warrants subject to Optional Early Expiration 
at the option of the Warrantholder. 
 
6.4.1.4 Optional Early Settlement Amount and Optional Early Settlement Price of the Warrants 
 
The Optional Early Settlement Amount and the Optional Early Settlement Price shall be determined in accordance with one of the 
following options, as specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Option 1: 
 
The Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The Optional Early Settlement Price shall be equal to: 
 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) Optional Early Settlement Amount multiplied, 
if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Optional Early Settlement 
Amount multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity.

--- Page 197 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
197 
Option 2: 
 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants and Physical Delivery Warrants, as applicable, the Optional Early Settlement Price shall 
be equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants, the Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to: 
 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the excess (if any) of the Optional Early Settlement Price 
over the Exercise Price; or 
 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the excess (if any) of the Exercise Price over the Optional 
Early Settlement Price, divided (if applicable) by the Parity. 
 
Option 3: 
 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants, the Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be determined in the same manner as the 
Cash Settlement Amount in accordance with Condition 6.1, save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall be deemed 
to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Price. 
 
For the purposes of Cash Settled Warrants and Physical Delivery Warrants, as applicable, the Optional Early Settlement Price 
means: 
 
(1)    the Final Settlement Price that would have been determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, save that the Final 
Settlement Price shall be deemed to have been determined as at the Optional Early Settlement Valuation Date as opposed to the 
date on which the Final Settlement Price is actually required to be determined in accordance with the applicable Final Terms;  
 
(2)    otherwise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Optional Early Settlement Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Option 4: 
 
The Optional Early Settlement Amount shall be equal to the Market Value (as defined in Condition 6.5.2 below). 
 
The Optional Early Settlement Price shall be equal to: 
 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) Optional Early Settlement Amount multiplied, 
if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Optional Early Settlement 
Amount multiplied, if applicable by the Parity. 
 
6.4.1.5 Notice Period  
 
6.4.1.5.1 Notice Period in case of optional expiration of the Warrants, at the option of the Issuer 
  
Upon having given notice to the Warrantholders (in accordance with Condition 13) pursuant to a notice period (the Notice Period) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Optional Early Settlement Date, the 
Issuer shall terminate all (or the relevant part where Optional Early Expiration in part applies) of the Warrants on the Optional Early 
Expiration Date(s). 
 
In respect of any Credit Linked Warrants or Bond Linked Warrants, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition shall be 
void and of no effect in relation to these Credit Linked Warrants or Bond Linked Warrants in the event that a Credit Event Notice or a 
Bond Event Notice, has been, or is, delivered to the Warrantholders at any time on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (Paris time) on the fourth 
Business Day preceding the date fixed for exercise or cancellation in accordance with this Condition 6. 
 
In respect of any Warrant, any notice given by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition shall be void and of no effect in relation to that 
Warrant in the event that, prior to the giving of such notice by the Issuer, the Warrantholder had already delivered a Warrantholder 
Optional Exercise Notice in relation to that Warrant in accordance with Condition 6.4.1.3. 
 
6.4.1.5.2 Notice Period in case of Early Expiration of the Warrants at the option of the Warrantholder 
 
Subject to Condition 6.4.1.3, a Warrantholder shall have the option to require that a Warrant be subject to Optional Early Expiration 
at the option of the Warrantholder upon such Warrantholder giving notice to the Issuer, in accordance with Condition 13, not less than 
15 or more than 30 days’ notice or any other notice period (the Notice Period) specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
It may be that before an option to require that a Warrant be subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder, 
certain conditions and/or circumstances, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will need to be satisfied.

--- Page 198 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
198 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of Warrants where a Warrantholder is not entitled to deliver a Put Notice or a Warrantholder 
Optional Early Expiration Notice (as defined below) by virtue of Condition 6.4.1.3 and in circumstances where no such notice is 
delivered, the relevant Warrants shall be subject to exercise or cancellation in the manner provided in the remaining provisions of this 
Condition 6.  
 
Any Put Notice or Optional Early Expiration Notice given by a Warrantholder pursuant to this Condition shall be: 
 
(i) irrevocable except where prior to the due date of the  Optional Early Expiration Date(s) if an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing in which event such Warrantholder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to 
this Condition and instead to declare such Warrant forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 8 below; and 
 
(ii) void and of no effect in relation to such Warrant in the event that, prior to the giving of such Put Notice or Optional Early Expiration 
Notice by the relevant Warrantholder (A) such Warrant constituted an Early Expired Warrant (as defined in Condition 6.4.1.1.2), (B) 
the Issuer had notified the Warrantholders of its intention to cancel all of the Warrants in an Issue of Warrants then outstanding, in 
each case pursuant to Condition 14 or (C) the Warrants were otherwise already subject to early expiration or termination in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions. 
 
To exercise the right to require that a Warrant is subject to Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder, the 
Warrantholder must deliver a duly completed and signed notice in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registration Agent (a Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice). Any 
such Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice must be delivered in same the manner as an Exercise Notice is delivered in 
accordance with Condition 3.3, as the case may be, save that (a) references therein to an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be 
references to the Warrantholder Optional Early Expiration Notice, (b) references to Warrants being exercised shall be deemed to be 
references to Warrants being exercised early in accordance with this Condition, (c) references to the Settlement Date shall be deemed 
to be references to the Optional Early Settlement Date and (d) references to the Cash Settlement Amount or shall be deemed to be 
references to the Optional Early Settlement Amount. Conditions 3.4.4 to 3.4.6 shall apply equally to any Warrantholder Optional Early 
Expiration Notice which is delivered. 
 
6.4.2 Event-linked Early Expiration of the Warrants  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Event-linked Early Expiration" is "Applicable", the Warrants are subject to expiration prior 
to the Expiration Date following an early expiration event (the Early Expiration Event) at the early settlement amount (Event-linked 
Early Settlement Amount) or the early settlement price (the Event-linked Early Settlement Price) as the case may be, on the early 
expiration date(s) (the Event-linked Early Expiration Date(s)) or the early settlement date (the Event-linked Early Settlement 
Date) as the case may be.  
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify the period within which event-linked early expiration will apply (the Event-linked Early 
Expiration Period) (unless the Warrants are subject to Automatic Exercise). 
 
Save where Warrants are subject to Automatic Exercise, upon the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event the Warrants shall be 
capable of being exercised in accordance with this Condition and any Warrantholder will have the right in the Event-linked Early 
Expiration Period to decide that all the Warrants held by that Warrantholder (an Event-linked Early Expiration Election) will expire 
early (Event-linked Early Expiration). 
In circumstances where no Event-linked Early Expiration Election has been made in respect of a Warrant within the Event-linked Early 
Expiration Period, such Warrant will be cancelled immediately on expiry of the Event-linked Early Expiration Period and no amounts 
will be payable or deliverable in respect of such Warrant. 
 
Where required by: 
 
(1) applicable laws or regulations and/or, in the case of listed Warrants, the regulations applicable on any Regulated Market or other 
stock exchange on which the Warrants are for the time being listed; or 
 
(2) any relevant authority by which the Warrants have been admitted to trading, 
the occurrence of the relevant Early Expiration Event will be notified to the Warrantholders by the Issuer in the manner set out in 
Condition 13. 
 
Event-linked Early Expiration will be effected by delivery of a duly completed notice (an Event-linked Early Expiration Notice) in the 
manner set out in Conditions 3.4.1 to 3.4.6 save that: 
 
(a)     references therein to an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Expiration Notice; 
 
(b)     references to Warrants being exercised shall be deemed to be references to Warrants subject to Event-linked Early Expiration; 
 
(c)     references to the Settlement Date shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Settlement Date; and 
 
(d)     references to the Cash Settlement Amount shall be deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount. 
 
Following the occurrence of an Early Expiration Event, Warrants shall only be capable of being exercised, and an Event-linked Early 
Expiration Notice may only be delivered, during the Event-linked Early Expiration Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 199 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
199 
The Event-linked Early Expiration Period may start and/or end on specific dates or otherwise be determined by reference to another 
date or period or the occurrence of an event. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, where Automatic Exercise is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Warrants will be subject to automatic exercise in accordance with Condition 3.4.7 upon the occurrence of an Early 
Expiration Event. In such circumstances, the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount will be deliverable to Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 3.4.7 without the need for prior delivery of an Event-linked Early Expiration Notice or any other action on 
the part of the Warrantholders, subject to the provisions of Condition 3.4.7), as if references therein to the "Cash Settlement Amount" 
were references to the "Event-linked Early Settlement Amount" and references to the "Settlement Date" were references to the "Event-
linked Early Settlement Date". 
 
Any Warrants which are subject to Event-linked Early Expiration will be settled on the Event-linked Early Settlement Date: 
 
(1)    in the case of the Physical Delivery Warrants, by delivery of Deliverable Asset(s) in an amount equal to the Event-linked Early 
Settlement Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity in the manner contemplated in Condition 6.2, subject to payment of the Exercise 
Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity and any other sums payable as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(2)    in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, at the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, such amount being determined in same 
manner as the Cash Settlement Amount under Condition 6.1 save that references therein to the Final Settlement Price shall be 
deemed to be references to the Event-linked Early Settlement Price. 
 
The Event-linked Early Settlement Price means: 
 
(a)    if the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage 
and Turbo Warrants is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, the Early Settlement Price, as defined in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae or the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
corresponding to the Reference of the Product specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be;  
 
(b)    otherwise, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
6.5. Early Termination of the Warrants 
 
6.5.1     Left blank intentionally 
 
6.5.2    Early Termination of the Warrants 
 
Where the amount due to be paid to (or delivered to, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants) a Warrantholder as a result of the 
early expiration or cancellation of the Warrants is expressed to be the "Early Termination Settlement Amount" or the "Early Termination 
Physical Delivery Amount", as the case may be, such amount will be determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of this 
Condition. 
 
Early Termination Settlement Amount means the Market Value. 
 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount means an amount determined in the same manner as the Physical Delivery Amount 
would be determined in respect of the Warrants in accordance with Condition 5.12 save that references therein to the Final Settlement 
Price shall be deemed to be references to the Early Termination Settlement Price. 
 
Early Termination Settlement Price means: 
(1)    in the case Call Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the sum of (i) the Early Termination Settlement Amount 
multiplied, if applicable, by the Parity and (ii) the Exercise Price. 
(2)    in the case Put Warrants is specified in the applicable Final Terms: (i) the Exercise Price minus (ii) the Early Termination 
Settlement Amount multiplied, if applicable by the Parity. 
 
Market Value means (i) an amount equal to an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the due date for the early 
expiration or cancellation of the Warrant, shall represent the fair market value of the Warrant and shall have the effect (after taking 
into account the costs that cannot be avoided to settle the Warrants at the fair market value to the Warrantholders) of preserving for 
the Warrantholder the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer to make the payments in respect of the Warrant which 
would, but for such early expiration or cancellation, have fallen due after the relevant early expiration or cancellation date, or (ii) in the 
event of Warrants listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner to be the fair market value of the Warrants immediately prior, and ignoring the 
circumstances leading, to such termination.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of calculating the Market Value following an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 9 only, 
no account shall be taken of the creditworthiness of: 
(A)     the Issuer, who shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Warrants; or 
(B)     the Guarantor, which shall be deemed to be able to perform fully its obligations in respect of the Guarantee. 
 
6.6 Open-ended Warrants

--- Page 200 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
200 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Warrants are “Open-ended Warrants”, the Warrants will be exercisable in accordance 
with this Condition but will not have a fixed expiry date. As such, the Issuer will not be liable for the payment or delivery, as the case 
may be, of the Settlement Amount on the Settlement Date pursuant to Condition 6.1 or 6.2. The Issuer will, in full and final satisfaction 
of its obligations in respect of each Warrant, pay or deliver or procure payment or delivery of the Early Termination Settlement Amount 
or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount, Optional Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early 
Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount or Event-linked Early Settlement Amount in accordance with this Condition 6.  
 
The Issuer will have the right to settle the Warrants, at their Optional Early Settlement Amount as per Condition 6.4.1.2 and the 
Warrantholder will have the right to request the Issuer to settle any Warrant at their Optional Early Settlement Amount as per Condition 
6.4.1.3. 
 
In relation to Credit Linked Warrants, the obligation to pay the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount will be subject to the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants. 
 
6.7 Forced transfer of Registered Warrants 
 
Any transfer or other disposition of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a Warrant to a person that is not a Permitted Transferee 
will be void ab initio and of no legal effect whatsoever. Any purported transferee of any legal or beneficial ownership interest in a 
Warrant in such a transaction will not be entitled to any rights as a legal or beneficial owner of such interest in such a Warrant. If the 
Issuer determines at any time that a holder of a Warrant (i) is a person that is not a Permitted Transferee, or (ii) purchased such 
Warrant in breach of the deemed or actual representations given by such Warrantholder upon the purchase of such Warrant, the 
Issuer may (a) redeem such Warrant, or (b) direct such Warrantholder to sell or transfer its Warrant to a Permitted Transferee in an 
offshore transaction meeting the requirements of Regulation S within 30 days following receipt of such notice, and if such 
Warrantholder fails to sell or transfer its Warrant within such 30 day period, the Issuer may transfer or sell such Warrant on behalf of 
such Warrantholder.  
 
No payments will be made on the affected Warrants from the date notice of the sale requirement is sent to the date on which the 
affected Warrants are sold.  
 
There can be no assurance that a Warrantholder, or an interest therein, who is required to sell Warrants, or whose Warrants are sold 
on his behalf (pursuant to this Condition) will not incur a significant loss as a result of the need for the relevant Issuer, or for the 
transferor, to find a qualifying transferee willing to purchase the Warrants. Neither the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) 
nor any other party shall be liable to a Warrantholder for any such loss 
 
6.8 Monetisation until the Expiration Date  
 
If (i) for the purpose of Condition 6.3,  the Issuer elects to apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date or if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that Early Termination Settlement Amount, will not apply or (ii) if pursuant to the applicable Additional Terms and Conditions 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent elects to apply Monetisation as per this Condition, then the Issuer shall 
no longer be liable for the payment of the Optional Early Settlement Amount on the Optional Early Settlement Date or the Cash 
Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its 
obligations, pay an amount described in Conditions 6.8.1 and/or 6.8.2.  
 
In addition, in respect of Physical Delivery Warrants, following the occurrence of an event giving rise to the Monetisation until the 
Expiration Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for delivery of the Optional Early Settlement Amount on the Optional Early 
Settlement Date, and/or the Physical Delivery Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, as the case 
may be, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations and, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if 
applicable, by the Parity, deliver Deliverable Asset(s) in an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amount described in Condition 6.8.1 or 
6.8.2 and (ii) the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity.  
 
This Condition  and the Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder will apply, if paragraph “Cancellation 
for Tax Event, Special Tax Event, Regulatory Event, Force Majeure Event or Event of Default” of the applicable Final Terms specifies 
that “Monetisation with Early Termination at the option of the Warrantholder, except for Force Majeure Event or Event of Default” 
applies. 
 
All references to the word "fourth" in the paragraphs below may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by 
the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
6.8.1  Monetisation of any Optional Early Settlement Amount  
 
6.8.1.1 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, could be as low as zero 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date, an amount per Warrant, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor 
as the case may be would be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with 
the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Settlement 
Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes 
of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount

--- Page 201 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
201 
pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method 
shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and 
(ii) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date (excluded). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned 
above can be as low as zero. 
 
6.8.1.2 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable 
Final Terms, cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount) 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Optional Early Settlement Date an amount per Warrant 
equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount, and (2) on the Settlement Date, an amount per Warrant, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference, if any, between:  
 
(a)     the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor as the case may be would 
be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Optional Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the 
assets of the Optional Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant 
Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding 
Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) 
between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date (included) and  the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day 
preceding the Settlement Date (excluded), and  
 
(b)     an amount equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Optional Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned 
above can be as low as zero. 
 
6.8.2 Monetisation of the Settlement Amount  
 
6.8.2.1 In respect of the  termination of the Warrants whose Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, 
could be as low as zero 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date, as the case may be, an amount per Warrant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a 
Hypothetical Investor as the case may be would be left with on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of the Hedge Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the 
Compounding Method) together with (b) interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding 
Method, during the period (which for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) 
between (x) the Full Liquidation Date (included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day preceding 
the Settlement Date (excluded). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as 
low as zero 
 
6.8.2.2 In respect of the termination of the Warrants whose Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms, 
cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Settlement Amount) 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of this Condition, the Issuer shall pay on the Settlement Date, an amount per Warrant, determined by the 
Calculation Agent, equal to the sum of (1) the Minimum Settlement Amount and (2) an amount, equal to the positive difference, if any, 
between:  
 
(a)     the net positive cash amount that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, would 
be left with on the Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating, the Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or 
liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Hedge 
Positions) (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the 
Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (b) 
interest that would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period (which for the 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Full Liquidation Date 
(included) and the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date (excluded), and

--- Page 202 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
202 
(b)     an amount equal to the Minimum Settlement Amount.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor as Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor under its Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as 
low as zero. 
 
6.8.3   Definitions specific to the Monetisation until the Expiration Date  
 
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a Calculation Period, the Calculation Amount 
for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any succeeding Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an amount equal to 
the sum of the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts for each of the previous 
Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period. 
 
Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Warrants are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day (as defined in Condition 3.6) of such Calculation 
Period. 
 
Compounding Method means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the Compounding Period Amounts for each 
Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period. 
 
Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period from and including a Compounding Date to but 
excluding the immediately following Compounding Date during that Calculation Period. 
 
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) the Adjusted Calculation Amount, (b) 
the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction. 
 
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the annualised interest rate that the Issuer offers in the 
Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant Compounding Period; the specific 
Compounding Rate used in respect of a Settlement Currency shall be available at the office of the Calculation Agent from the first 
day of a Calculation Period. 
 
Day Count Fraction means, for the purposes of Compounding Method, the exact number of days in a Compounding Period (the first 
included and the last excluded), divided by 360. 
 
Expiration Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Settlement Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Hedge Positions 
(including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such Hedge Positions, if any, with 
the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully 
received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be. 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical 
Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate 
transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio 
basis, part or all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ or a Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, obligations under the 
Warrants due on the Settlement Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Warrant provided that, if the Optional Full Liquidation 
Date has not occurred on or before the earlier of (x) the Expiration Date and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement 
Date, then Hedge Positions will include the Optional Hedge Positions.  
 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, 
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant laws or arrangements. 
 
Optional Early Settlement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
 
Optional Settlement Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
 
Optional Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of an Optional Early Settlement Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds 
of the Optional Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to all or part of such 
Optional Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hedge Positions) are deemed, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a Hypothetical Investor, as 
the case may be. 
 
Optional Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or by a 
Hypothetical Investor, as the case may be, of one or more (a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest

--- Page 203 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
203 
rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings 
and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio 
basis, a part or all of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates’ obligations under the Warrants due on  an Optional Early Settlement 
Date, apportioned pro rata to each outstanding Warrant. 
 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the Settlement Currency, the rate of 
exchange of the currency in which such amount is denominated into the Settlement Currency used to convert such amount on such 
date into the Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Settlement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
 
7. TAXATION  
 
7.1 Unless specified otherwise in the Terms and Conditions, all payments and deliveries in respect of Warrants and, if applicable, 
under the Guarantee, shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
7.2 Gross-up 
 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) the Gross-up provision is not applicable or (ii) Early Termination for the purpose of 
Condition 7.1 is not applicable, this Condition will apply. 
 
If payments in respect of Warrants or (if applicable) under the Guarantee, are subject under the legislation of any Tax Jurisdiction, to 
a withholding or a deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, pay such 
additional amount as may be necessary, in order that each Warrantholder after such withholding or deduction, will receive the full 
amount then due and payable provided that no such additional amount shall be payable with respect to any Warrant: 
 
(i) the holder of which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Warrant by reason of 
their being connected with Luxembourg (in the case of payments by SG Issuer) or France (in the case of payments by Societe 
Generale) or Germany (in the case of payments by SG Effekten) other than by the mere holding of such Warrant; or 
 
(ii) presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below), except to the extent that the holder thereof 
would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have 
been a Payment Business Day (as defined in Condition 5.9); or 
 
(iii) in respect of Exempt Offers, if the applicable Final Terms indicate that no such additional amounts shall be payable. 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these General Terms and Conditions, in no event will the Issuer or the Guarantor be required 
to pay any additional amounts in respect of the Warrants for, or on account of, any withholding or deduction (i) required pursuant to 
an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto, (ii) imposed pursuant to the Section 871(m) Regulations or (iii) imposed by any other law of the United States. In 
addition, in determining the amount of Section 871(m) withholding imposed, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend 
equivalent" (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the Code) at the highest rate applicable to such payments regardless of 
any exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding otherwise available under applicable law. 
 
If the Issuer or the Guarantor determines that the Warrants are Specified Warrants pursuant to Section 871(m) Regulations, the 
applicable Final Terms will specify the withholding rate, the name of the entity which will withhold the rate and the e-mail address 
where the Warrantholders can request additional information regarding the application of Section 871(m) Regulations. 
 
With respect to Specified Warrants that provide for net dividend reinvestment in respect of either an underlying U.S. security (i.e. a 
security that pays U.S. source dividends) or an index that includes U.S. securities, all payments on Warrants that reference such U.S. 
securities or an index that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to dividends on such U.S. securities that are 
reinvested at a rate of 70%. In such case, in calculating the relevant payment amount, the holder will be deemed to receive, and the 
Issuer or the Guarantor will be deemed to withhold, 30% of any dividend equivalent payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the 
Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities. The Issuer or the Guarantor will not pay any additional amounts to the holder on 
account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Relevant Date has the meaning given to it in Condition 8. 
 
Section 871(m) Regulations means the U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) of the Code. 
 
Specified Warrants means, subject to special rules from 2017 through 2022 set out in Notice 2020-2 (the Notice), Warrants issued 
on or after 1 January 2017 that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more U.S. underlying equities as 
determined by the Issuer on the date for such Warrants as of which the expected delta of the product is determined by the Issuer,

--- Page 204 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
204 
based on tests set out in the applicable Section 871(m) Regulations (for the purposes of the Notice, such Warrants are deemed “delta-
one” instruments).  
 
Tax Jurisdiction means either Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the 
case of payments by SG Issuer), or France or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax (in the 
case of payments by Societe Generale), or Germany or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to 
tax (in the case of payments by SG Effekten).  
 
8. PRESCRIPTION 
 
Claims on Warrants will become void unless claims in respect of payments are made within a period of ten years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined below) therefor. 
 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of bearer Warrants, as amended (the Involuntary 
Dispossession Act 1996) requires that, in the event that (i) an opposition has been filed in relation to the Warrants and (ii) the 
Warrants mature prior to becoming forfeited (as provided for in the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996), any amount that is payable 
under the Warrants, (but has not yet been paid to the Warrantholders) is paid to the Caisse des consignations in Luxembourg until 
the opposition has been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Warrants occurs. 
 
Relevant Date means the date on which the relevant payment first becomes due, except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable 
has not been duly received by the Principal Paying Agent (or, in the case of Dematerialised Warrants), the holders of such 
Dematerialised Warrants) on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Warrantholders in accordance with has the meaning given to it in Condition 13. 
9. EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 
Upon the occurrence of any of the following events (each an Event of Default): 
 
(i) default by the Issuer is made in the payment or delivery of any amount due in respect of the Warrants and such default continues 
for a period of 30 days, unless the Guarantor (if any) shall have remedied such default before the expiry of such period, and save that 
the late delivery of any Deliverable Assets in the circumstances referred to in Condition 5 shall not constitute an Event of Default; or 
 
(ii) the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under or in respect of a Series or the Warrants and the failure 
continues for a period of 60 days next following the service on the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor of a notice requiring the 
same to be remedied (except in any case where such failure is incapable of remedy, by the Issuer or the Guarantor, in which case no 
such continuation here above mentioned will be required); or 
 
(iii) the Issuer institutes or has instituted against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative 
or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction of its head office, or the Issuer consents to a 
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar 
law affecting creditors’ rights, or the Issuer consents to a petition for its winding-up or liquidation by it or by such regulator, supervisor 
or similar official, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Issuer shall not 
constitute an Event of Default; or 
 
(iv) in the case of any Issue of Warrants in respect of which the Guarantee is applicable, the Guarantee ceases to be in full force and 
effect in respect of such Issue of Warrants, or notice is given by the Guarantor which would cause the Guarantee to cease to be in 
full force and effect in respect of such Issue of Warrants, or is rendered void for any cause or by any means whatsoever except if the 
same results from the occurrence of a Change in Law which constitutes a Regulatory Event as provided for in Condition 6.3; or 
 
(v) in the case of Secured Warrants issued by SG Issuer, a Required Collateral Default Notice is delivered in relation to a Collateral 
Pool securing such Secured Warrants;  
 
then the Warrantholder may give written notice to the relevant Issuer and, (if applicable) the Guarantor, that the Warrants are, and 
they shall accordingly forthwith become, immediately cancelled and a payment will be due to such Warrantholder in an amount equal 
to, in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Early Termination Settlement Amount or, in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants the 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount (subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity). 
 
 
10. REPLACEMENT OF WARRANTS 
 
Should any Temporary Global Certificate or any Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrant be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, subject to relevant stock exchange requirements 
and all applicable laws, upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and 
on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if any allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Temporary Global Certificate or Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrant is subsequently presented for payment, there shall be paid to 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantor on demand the amount payable by the Issuer and/or the Guarantor in respect of such Temporary 
Global Certificate or Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants and otherwise as the Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Warrants must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. The replacement of 
Warrants in bearer form, in the case of loss or theft, is subject to the procedure of the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996. 
 
11. APPOINTMENT OF AGENTS

--- Page 205 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
205 
 
11.1 Agents 
 
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent, the initial Registrar and the other initial Paying Agent(s) and their initial specified 
offices are set out below and the name(s) and the specified office of the Calculation Agent(s) are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
In addition, the Principal Paying Agent may, (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) delegate certain of its functions and duties 
in relation to Physical Delivery Warrants to a settlement agent (the Settlement Agent). 
 
In relation to Dematerialised or Materialised Warrants and any other Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange, the Issuer will maintain 
a Principal Swiss Paying Agent having a specified office in Switzerland (which shall at all times be a bank or securities dealer that is 
subject to supervision by FINMA) whose duties will be set out in the Swiss Paying Agency Agreement and the Issuer will at all time 
maintain a Paying Agent in respect of CHF-denominated Warrants having a specified office in Switzerland. Any reference in these 
Conditions to thePrincipal Paying Agent shall so far as the context permits be deemed to be a reference to the Principal Swiss 
Paying Agent. 
 
The Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor are entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or Settlement Agent 
and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents or Settlement Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Paying Agent or Settlement Agent acts, provided that : 
 
(i) so long as the Warrants are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to trading or listing by another relevant authority, there will 
at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) and a Transfer Agent (which may be the Registrar) with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange; and 
 
(ii) there will at all times be a Paying Agent (which may be the Principal Paying Agent) with a specified office in a city in Europe 
(excluding Austria); and 
 
(iii) there will be one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions so require; and 
 
(iv) there will be a Consolidation Agent where the Terms and Conditions so require; and 
 
(v) there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar. 
 
In acting under the French Law Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, if applicable, the 
Guarantor, and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Warrantholders. The French Law Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor paying agent. 
 
11.2    Calculation Agent 
 
In connection with any Issue of Warrants, if the calculation agent specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Calculation Agent) is: 
 
(i) Societe Generale, such appointment will be governed by the terms of the calculation agency agreement (the Calculation Agency 
Agreement); or 
 
(ii) any entity other than Societe Generale, the terms of such appointment will be summarised in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
12. SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
Unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Substitution of the Issuer” is “Not Applicable”, this Condition will apply. 
 
Societe Generale or SG Issuer or SG Effekten may be replaced by each other as principal obligor in respect of the Warrants without 
the consent of the relevant Warrantholders. If any of Societe Generale or SG Issuer or SG Effekten determines that it shall be replaced 
by one another (the Substituted Obligor), it shall give not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' notice, in accordance with Condition 
13, to the Warrantholders of such event and, immediately on the expiry of such notice, the Substituted Obligor shall become the 
principal obligor in place of the relevant Issuer and the Warrantholders shall thereupon cease to have any rights or claims whatsoever 
against the relevant Issuer. However, no such substitution shall take effect: 
 
(i) if the effect of such substitution would, at the time of such substitution, be that payments in respect of the Warrants would be 
required to be made subject to any withholding or deduction which would not otherwise arise in the absence of such substitution; 
 
(ii) if the Substituted Obligor is not the Guarantor, until the Guarantor shall have entered into an unconditional and irrevocable 
guarantee substantially in the form of the Guarantee in respect of the obligations of such Substituted Obligor; 
 
(iii) in any case, until the Substituted Obligor shall have provided to the Principal Paying Agent such documents as may be necessary 
to make the Warrants and the French Law Agency Agreement its legal, valid and binding obligations; and

--- Page 206 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
206 
(iv) if required by any applicable law or regulation, until such Substituted Obligor shall have been approved in writing by the relevant 
authorities as able to issue the relevant Warrants. 
 
Upon any such substitution, the Warrants will be modified as required, and the Warrantholders will be notified of the modified terms 
and conditions of such Warrants in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition, it is expressly agreed that by subscribing to, acquiring or otherwise purchasing Warrants, the 
Warrantholders are expressly deemed to have consented to the substitution of the relevant Issuer by the Substituted Obligor and to 
the release of the relevant Issuer from any and all obligations in respect of the Warrants and all the agreements attached thereto and 
are expressly deemed to have accepted such substitution and the consequences thereof. 
 
13. NOTICES 
 
13.1 Notices regarding Warrants other than Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange 
 
13.1.1    Subject as provided in Condition 13.1.4, all notices to the holders of Materialised Bearer Warrants and Dematerialised 
Warrants in bearer form shall be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
provided that so long as such Warrants are listed on any Regulated Market or stock exchange(s) or are admitted to trading by a 
relevant authority the Issuer shall instead ensure that the notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of such Regulated Market, stock exchange(s) or relevant authority. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given 
(i) on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication 
in all required newspaper(s) (which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort (or the 
Tageblatt)) or (ii) in the case of publication on a website, on the date on which such notice is first posted on the relevant website 
(which, in the case of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be www.luxse.com). 
 
13.1.2    Subject as provided in Condition 13.1.3 and Condition 13.1.4, all notices to the holders of Dematerialised Warrants in 
registered form (au nominatif) shall be deemed to be validly given if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, 
in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after 
the mailing, or (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in accordance with Condition 13.1.1 above. 
 
13.1.3    Subject as provided in Condition 13.1.4, all notices to the holders of Dematerialised Warrants (whether in registered or in 
bearer form) may, instead of being mailed to the holders pursuant to Condition 13.1.2 or published pursuant to Condition 13.1.1, be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to the relevant Clearing System through which the Warrants are for the time being cleared 
except that (i) so long as such Warrants are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or are admitted to trading by a 
relevant authority and the applicable rules to that stock exchange or regulated market or relevant authority so require, notices shall 
also be published in a daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the regulated market or other stock 
exchange(s) on which such Warrants are listed. 
 
13.1.4    If any such publication pursuant to this Condition is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading daily 
financial newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of the 
publication on the relevant newspaper or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication on the 
relevant newspaper. 
 
13.1.5    Notices relating to the convening and decision(s) pursuant to Condition 16 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 
of the French Code de commerce shall only be delivered to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system 
through which the Warrants are for the time being cleared. For the avoidance of doubt, Conditions 13.1. to 13.1.4 shall not apply to 
such notices. 
 
13.2 Notices regarding Warrants listed on SIX Swiss Exchange  
 
So long as Warrants are listed on SIX Swiss Exchange and so long as the rules of SIX Swiss Exchange so require, all notices in 
respect of such Warrants will also be given without cost to the Warrantholders through the Principal Swiss Paying Agent either: 
 
(i) by means of electronic publication on the internet website of SIX Swiss Exchange (http://www.six-swiss-exchange.com), where 
notices are currently published under the addresshttps://www.six-group.com/en/products-services/the-swiss-stock-exchange/market-
data/news-tools/official-notices.html#/  (SIX Group) ; or 
 
(ii) otherwise in accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss Exchange.  
 
If any such publication pursuant to this Condition is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in a leading daily financial 
newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication 
or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
 
 
14. FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION – SUBSCRIPTIONS AND PURCHASES - CANCELLATION 
 
14.1 Further Issues

--- Page 207 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
207 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Warrantholders create and issue further Warrants ranking pari passu in 
all respects and on the same Terms and Conditions (save for their Issue Date, Issue Price), and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single issue with the outstanding Warrants. 
 
14.2 Consolidation  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that clause "Consolidation" is "Applicable", the Issuer may from time to time on or after the date 
specified for a change of currency of the Warrants pursuant to Condition 1.5, on giving not less than 30 days' prior notice to the 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13, without the consent of Warrantholders, consolidate the Warrants with one or more 
issues of other Warrants issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided 
such other Warrants have been redenominated or changed in Euro (if not originally denominated or payable in Euro) and which 
otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Warrants. 
 
Circumstances may arise where the Issuer might deem appropriate to effect a consolidation of a particular Issue of Warrants, for 
example when the market price of the relevant Warrants reaches very low levels so as to potentially affect the secondary market 
efficiency. In such event, where "Warrant Consolidation" is specified as “applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may give 
notice (a Consolidation Trigger Notice) of at least the Consolidation Notice Period to Warrantholders informing them of its intention 
to effect a consolidation with respect to the relevant Warrants. After the giving of such Consolidation Trigger Notice, with effect from 
the relevant Consolidation Effective Date and without the consent of the Warrantholders, the number of Warrants (such Warrants, 
Pre-Conversion Warrants) held by each Warrantholder (the Existing Holding) will be aggregated and such Warrants will be 
converted into a smaller number of Warrants (such Warrants, Converted Warrants and the aggregate holding of such Converted 
Warrants by a Warrantholder, the Revised Holding) calculated by dividing the number of Pre-Conversion Warrants in the relevant 
Existing Holding by the Conversion Factor. Where the application of the Conversion Factor to the Existing Holding results in any 
Warrantholder being entitled to a fraction of a Converted Warrant or a Warrantholder holds a number of Pre-Conversion Warrants 
less than the Conversion Factor (in each case the Unconverted Warrants), such Warrantholder shall receive a cash amount on the 
Consolidation Settlement Date equal to the Consolidation Settlement Price of the Unconverted Warrants (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
 
Upon conversion of Pre-Conversion Warrants into Converted Warrants, the applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be amended 
to set out the changes to be made to the terms of the Converted Warrants, provided that as a result of such changes the market value 
of the Revised Holding calculated immediately after the consolidation is the same as the market value of the Existing Holding 
calculated immediately before the consolidation.  
 
Following the conversion of Pre-Conversion Warrants into Converted Warrants, all references in these Terms and Conditions to 
Warrants shall be deemed to be references to the Converted Warrants.  
 
For the purposes of this Condition:  
 
Consolidation Effective Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Consolidation Trigger Notice;  
 
Consolidation Notice Period means the number of days specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
Consolidation Settlement Amount means the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5.2 determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the Consolidation Effective Date;  
 
Consolidation Settlement Date means the number of days or Business Days specified in the applicable Consolidation Trigger Notice 
following the Consolidation Effective Date; and  
 
Conversion Factor is as specified in the applicable Consolidation Trigger Notice.  
Further to the above, the Consolidation Trigger Notice shall include the description of the operational mechanisms to be performed in 
relation to the consolidation. 
 
14.3  Subscriptions and Purchases  
 
The Issuer or (if applicable) the Guarantor shall have the right to subscribe and/or to purchase Warrants at any price in the open 
market or otherwise, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
14.4 Cancellation  
 
All Warrants purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled. All Warrants purchased and cancelled 
shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent (or, in the case of Registered Warrants, the Registrar) and cannot be reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Warrants shall be discharged. 
 
 
15. CALCULATIONS AND DETERMINATIONS 
 
With respect to a Type of Structured Warrant (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to which the relevant Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Warrants apply, the Calculation Agent responsible for determining and calculating any rate, rate of interest, 
interest payable and any amount payable shall be the Calculation Agent specified in the applicable Final Terms (pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 11).

--- Page 208 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
208 
 
Whenever a Calculation Agent is required to make any calculations, determinations, adjustments or act in any way (and unless 
otherwise provided herein), it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
The calculations and determinations of the Calculation Agent will be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any), 
the Agent, the Warrantholders, in the absence of manifest error or proven error. 
 
Following the occurrence of an event giving rise to an adjustment which is substantial in the opinion of the Calculation Agent or of an 
extraordinary event affecting, in respect of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants (i): a relevant 
Underlying and/or (ii) a Selected Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation, and/or (iii) a Bond, the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Issuer, which shall in its turn notify the Agent and the Warrantholders, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 13, of the relevant 
adjustment made or decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of such adjustment made or decision taken can be obtained by 
the Warrantholders upon request at the Calculation Agent's address specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
16. MEETINGS OF WARRANTHOLDERS 
 
The French Law Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Warrantholders (to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by extraordinary resolution (an Extraordinary Resolution)) of a modification of the 
Warrants or certain provisions of the French Law Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
at any time or by Warrantholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of the Warrants for the time being unexercised. The quorum at 
any such meeting for passing such Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing in the aggregate not less 
than 50 per cent. of the Warrants for the time being unexercised, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or 
representing Warrantholders whatever the number of Warrants so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of 
which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Warrants, (including but not limited to modifying the exercise date or 
exercise period of the Warrants, reducing or cancelling the Cash Settlement Amount or Physical Delivery Amount in respect of the 
Warrants or altering the currency of payment of the Warrants, modifying of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, 
sanctioning of any scheme or proposal for the exchange or sale of the Warrants for, or the conversion of the Warrants into, or the 
cancellation of the Warrants in consideration of, shares, stock, bonds, debentures, debenture stock and/or other obligations and/or 
securities of the Issuer (as further described in the French Law Agency Agreement)), the necessary quorum for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such 
meeting not less than one-third, in number of the Warrants for the time being unexercised. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at 
any meeting of the Warrantholders shall be binding on all the Warrantholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting. 
 
The Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor may agree, without the consent of the Warrantholders, to any modification 
of the Warrants, or the French Law Agency Agreement which is (i) to cure or correct any ambiguity or defective or inconsistent 
provision contained therein, or which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or (ii) not prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders 
(provided the proposed modification does not relate to a matter in respect of which an Extraordinary Resolution would be required if 
a meeting of Warrantholders were held to consider such modification) or (iii) to correct a manifest error or proven error or (iv) to comply 
with mandatory provisions of the law.  
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Warrantholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Warrantholders in 
accordance with Condition 13. 
 
The Issuer may decide, without the consent of the Warrantholders to (a) any modification of the Warrants which is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Warrantholders; or (b) any modification of the Warrants which is of formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the 
Issuer is incorporated.  
 
Any such modification shall be binding on the relevant Warrantholders and any such modification shall be notified to such 
Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
 
In respect of SG Issuer only, the provisions of articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg Act dated 10 August 1915 on commercial 
companies, as amended (the Companies Act 1915), shall not apply to the Warrants. No Warrantholder may initiate proceedings 
against SG Issuer based on article 470-21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
 
17. SUSPENSION OF TRADING AND DELISTING OF WARRANTS 
 
Warrants that are listed on any regulated market or stock exchange(s) or admitted to trading by a relevant authority may be suspended 
from trading and/or delisted at any time in accordance with applicable rules and regulations of the relevant regulated market or relevant 
stock exchange(s).  
 
In addition, the Principal Paying Agent, the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) may agree at any time and without any further consent 
from the Warrantholders to delist Warrants listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange by giving notice to the Warrantholders in accordance 
with Condition 13 at least three months prior to the last trading day stating that such Warrants will be delisted from the SIX Swiss 
Exchange and no longer traded on the SIX Structured Products Exchange. 
 
18. WAIVER OF SET-OFF 
 
No holder of any Warrant may at any time exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability which the 
Issuer has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt,

--- Page 209 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
209 
including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or 
any non-contractual obligations, in each case whether or not relating to the Warrants) and each such holder shall be deemed to have 
waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, 
claims and liabilities. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition is intended to provide or shall be construed as acknowledging any right of 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that any such right is or would be available to any holder of any 
Warrant but for this Condition. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition, Waived Set-Off Rights means any and all rights of or claims of any holder of any Warrant for 
deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such 
Warrant. 
 
 
19. LIMITED RECOURSE AGAINST SG ISSUER AND SG EFFEKTEN  
 
Each holder of a Warrant or Warrants issued by SG Issuer and SG Effekten is deemed to have acknowledged and undertaken, on its 
acquisition of such Warrant(s), that, in the event of a default by SG Issuer or SG Effekten, of payment or delivery of any sum due on 
any such Warrant(s) whenever such payment or delivery falls due (such payment or delivery defaults, Defaulted Payments), such 
holder shall not institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, or otherwise assert a claim against SG Issuer or SG Effekten to enforce 
such Defaulted Payments and waives all rights to institute such proceedings or make such claims in respect of such Defaulted 
Payments against the relevant Issuer.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such acknowledgement, undertaking and waiver are without prejudice to the holder’s rights under the 
Guarantee and do not alter or impair the Guarantor’s obligations under the relevant guarantee and accordingly each holder shall 
continue to have the right to institute any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, or otherwise assert a claim against the Guarantor to 
enforce any obligation due under the relevant guarantee, including without limitation in respect of any Defaulted Payments, subject in 
all cases to the terms of the Guarantee. 
 
Such acknowledgement, undertaking and waiver do not alter or impair the rights of the Warrantholders to require the enforcement of 
the relevant Pledge Agreement, pursuant to the provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants. 
 
 
 
20. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF BAIL-IN AND WRITE-DOWN OR CONVERSION POWERS 
 
20.1 Acknowledgement of bail-in and write-down or conversion powers on the relevant Societe Generale’s or SG Effekten 
or SG Issuer’s Liabilities and of the write-down and conversion of Warrants of SG Issuer or SG Effekten following the bail-
in and write-down and conversion of some Societe Generale’s Liabilities 
 
By the acquisition of Warrants, each Warrantholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition, includes any current or future holder of 
a beneficial interest in the Warrants) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees, in respect of Warrants issued by SG Issuer or SG 
Effekten, if the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) exercises its Bail-in Power (as defined below) on liabilities of Societe 
Generale, pursuant to Article L 613-30-3-I-3 of the Code: 
 
(A) ranking: 
 
(i) junior to liabilities of Societe Generale benefitting from statutorily preferred exceptions pursuant to Article L 613-30-3-I 1°and 2 of 
the  Code; 
 
(ii) pari passu with liabilities of Societe Generale as defined in Article L.613-30-3-I-3 of the Code; and 
 
(iii) senior to liabilities of Societe Generale as defined in Article L.613-30-3-I-4 of the Code; and 
 
(B) which are not titres non structurés as defined under Article R.613-28 of the Code, and  
 
(C) which are not or are no longer eligible to be taken into account for the purposes of the MREL (as defined below) ratio of Societe 
Generale 
 
and such exercise of the Bail-in Power results in the write-down or cancellation of all, or a portion of, the principal amount of, or the 
outstanding amount payable in respect of, and/or interest on, such liabilities, and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal 
amount of, or the outstanding amount payable in respect of, or interest on, such liabilities into shares or other securities or other 
obligations of Societe Generale or another person, including by means of variation to their terms and conditions in order to give effect 
to such exercise of Bail-in Power,  
 
then SG Issuer’s or SG Effekten’s obligations under the Warrants (other than Secured Warrants) will be limited to (i) payment of the 
amounts of principal and/or interest as reduced or cancelled that would be recoverable by the Warrantholders and/or (ii) the delivery 
or the payment of value of the shares or other securities or other obligations of Societe Generale or another person that would be 
paid or delivered to the Warrantholders as if, in either case, the Warrants had been directly issued by Societe Generale itself and any

--- Page 210 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
210 
Amount Due under the Warrants had accordingly been directly subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Power (the “Contractual Bail-
in”). 
 
20.2 Consequences of the Contractual Bail-in  
 
No repayment or payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid under the Warrants issued by SG Issuer and 
SG Effekten after implementation of the Contractual Bail-in.  
 
Upon the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in with respect to the Warrants, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will provide a 
written notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 13 as soon as practicable regarding such implementation of the 
Contractual Bail-in. The relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Principal Paying Agent for 
informational purposes, although the Principal Paying Agent shall not be required to send such notice to Warrantholders. Any delay 
or failure by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Contractual Bail-in 
nor the effects on the Warrants described above. 
 
Neither a cancellation of the Warrants, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts Due, the conversion thereof into another security 
or obligation of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or another person, as a result of the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in 
with respect to Warrants will be an event of default or otherwise constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the 
Warrantholder to any remedies (including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
 
Upon the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) and each Warrantholder (including each 
holder of a beneficial interest in the Warrants) hereby agree that (a) the Principal Paying Agent shall not be required to take any 
directions from Warrantholders, and (b) the French Law Agency Agreement shall impose no duties upon the Principal Paying Agent 
whatsoever, in each case with respect to the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in, any Warrants remain 
outstanding (for example, if the implementation of the Contractual Bail-in results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the 
Warrants), then the Principal Paying Agent’s duties under the French Law Agency Agreement shall remain applicable with respect to 
the Warrants following such completion to the extent that the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) and the Principal Paying Agent 
shall agree pursuant to an amendment to the French  Law Agency Agreement. 
 
If the Contractual Bail-in is implemented, with respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Principal Paying Agent is 
otherwise instructed by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Relevant Resolution Authority, any 
cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the Warrants will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
 
The matters set forth in this Condition shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any other agreements, 
arrangements or understandings between the Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) and each Warrantholder. 
 
No expenses necessary for the procedures under this Condition, including, but not limited to, those incurred by the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor (if any) and the Principal Paying Agent, shall be borne by any Warrantholder. 
 
For the purpose of this Condition: 
 
Amounts Due means the prevailing outstanding amounts of the Warrants issued by the relevant Issuer, and any accrued and unpaid 
interest on such Warrants, that have not been previously cancelled or otherwise are no longer due. 
 
Bail-in Power means any statutory cancellation, write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of banks, banking group companies, credit institutions and/or investment 
firms, including but not limited to any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within 
the context of a European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, or any other applicable laws or regulations, as amended, or 
otherwise, pursuant to which obligations of a bank, banking group company, credit institution or investment firm or any of its affiliates 
can be reduced, cancelled and/or converted into shares or other securities or obligations of the obligor or any other person. 
 
MREL means the Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities as defined in Directive 2014/59/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms (as amended from time to time).  
 
Relevant Resolution Authority means any authority with the ability to exercise the Bail-in Power on Societe Generale, SG Issuer or 
SG Effekten as the case may be. 
 
21. GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
 
21.1 Governing Law 
 
If the applicable Final Terms indicate that the clause "Governing law" is "French law": 
 
- the Warrants and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Warrants will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law.

--- Page 211 ---
General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants 
 
 
211 
- the French Law Agency Agreement and the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
French Law Agency Agreement and/or the Guarantee will be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
 
21.2 Submission to jurisdiction 
 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Warrants and the French Law Agency Agreement shall be brought before the 
competent courts of Paris (tribunaux de Paris, France) exclusively. 
 
Any claim against the Guarantor in connection with the Guarantee shall be brought before the commercial court of Paris (Tribunal de 
Commerce de Paris). 
 
22. Left blank intentionally

--- Page 212 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
212 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FIXED LEVERAGE AND TURBO WARRANTS 
 
The following Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage Warrants and Turbo Warrants (the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants) will apply with respect to an Issue of Warrants that are specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being Fixed Leverage Warrants or Turbo Warrants. Where these Additional Terms and Conditions are 
applicable to an Issue of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms will specify a Product and its related reference. The relevant Warrant 
will be known in these Additional Terms and Conditions as the Product. These Additional Terms and Conditions set forth herein that 
relate to that Product will apply in respect of the relevant Issue of Warrants (having, where relevant, the appropriate Reference of the 
Product, amongst other things). Each Product forms part of a family of products (the Family of Products). 
 
The definitions used in these Additional Terms and Conditions may also apply to a Warrant the applicable Final Terms of which specify 
that all or part of the capitalised terms used therein have the meaning as described to them in these Additional Terms and Conditions.  
 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants to a "Condition" or "these 
Additional Terms and Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants unless otherwise specified herein.  
 
OVERVIEW  
 
The following table provides an overview of the organisation of each Family of Products, using the example of the Family of Fixed 
Leverage Products (as set out in detail in Condition 3.1 below).

--- Page 213 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
213 
 
Family of Products 
A Family of Products is a group of Product having similar 
characteristics. For each Family of Products, formulae, 
applicable rate(s) and variable data are defined in order to 
determine the Product Amounts (defined below). The 
Families of Products are listed in the preamble of 
Condition 3 below each with a two-digit reference (e.g. 
3.1). 
Reference of the Product 
A Reference of the Product is a three-digit reference 
number with the first two digits corresponding to the 
reference of the Family of Products to which the Product 
belongs and the third digit corresponding to the Product 
itself. The applicable Final Terms for the Warrants shall 
indicate the Reference of the Product (which corresponds 
to a paragraph of Condition 3 below where are all the 
formulae, applicable rate(s) and variable data used to 
determine the Product Amounts (as defined below) are 
listed), and as the case may be, the Options (as defined 
below) and Add-ons (as defined below) necessary to 
determine such Product Amounts. 
Product  
A Product is a Warrant to which these Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants apply and having an Early Settlement Price (if 
any) and a Final Settlement Price (each a Product 
Amount and together the Product Amounts), each 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of a set 
of definitions and formulae listed in Condition 3 below in 
the relevant paragraph corresponding to the Reference of 
the Product. 
Event-linked Early Expiration: 
Early Settlement Price (if any) 
(as described in Condition 1.1 
below) 
 
 
Common principles: 
For each Product, each Product Amount is equal to the 
formula (Notional Amount x Product Formula). A Product 
Amount may be simplified to the Product Formula if the 
Notional Amount is set to "Not applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For each Product and each Product Amount, a specific set 
of definitions and formulae which refer to certain Variable 
Data, formulae and rates (Applicable Rates) are 
specified (the Product Formula(e)).  
For the avoidance of doubt, several Variable Data and 
Applicable Rates can be associated with a particular 
Product Formula, and, for each Product Formula, one or 
several Options and/or Add-ons may be applicable.  
Product Formula = Function{Schedule(s) ; Specific 
Definition(s) ; Variable Data ; Applicable Rate(s) ; Add-
on(s) ; Options} 
Specific Product Formula(e) may be defined for each 
Product Amount. 
 
Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price 
(as described in Condition 1.2 
below) 
The following provisions apply to the Early Settlement Price (if any) and the Final Settlement Price: 
Schedule 
(as described in Condition 2.1 
below) 
A Schedule means (i) either Valuation Date(s), Relevant 
Valuation Date(s), Underlying Level Calculation Date(s) or 
any other date(s) listed in the applicable Final Terms, or 
(ii) all Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or 
any other date(s) comprised within a period defined in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be 
used for the determination and calculation of a particular 
Product Amount.  
Furthermore, in respect of Product Formula and a 
particular Schedule, for ease of reading, Valuation Date, 
Relevant Valuation Date or Underlying Level Calculation 
Date may be renamed (for instance, for a Schedule made 
of daily Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be

--- Page 214 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
214 
renamed "Daily Valuation Date", for a Schedule with 
annual Relevant Valuation Dates, "Relevant Valuation 
Date" may be renamed "Annual Valuation Date", for 
another Schedule relating to a specific Underlying_A, 
"Valuation Date" may be renamed "Underlying_A 
Valuation Date", for a Schedule made of daily Underlying 
Level 
Calculation Dates, "Daily Underlying Level 
Calculation Date", etc.).  
For the avoidance of doubt, all these dates, whatever their 
names, shall be considered as Valuation Dates as defined 
in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the 
relevant Underlying(s), with the exception of the 
Averaging Date which shall keep the meaning of 
Averaging Date as defined in the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s). 
General Definitions 
(as described in Condition 2.2.1 
below) 
Condition 5 contains certain definitions that may apply to 
any Family of Products and any Product within a Family of 
Products. 
Specific Definition(s) 
(as described in Condition 2.2.2 
below) 
If relevant, Specific Definition(s) are specific definitions 
and formula(e) which are required for the determination 
and calculation of a Product Amount, specific to a 
particular Product. In Condition 3 below, when the 
determination of a Product Formula of a Product Amount 
requires one or more specific definitions, a paragraph 
"Specific Definitions" will be replicated in the paragraph of 
the applicable Final Terms with either (i) a specific 
definition contained in these Additional Terms and 
Conditions or (ii) the reference(s) to these Additional 
Terms and Conditions where the Specific Definition(s) 
is/are necessary for the determination and calculation of a 
Product Amount for such Product can be found. 
Variable Data 
(as described in Condition 2.3 
below) 
The Variable Data is the variable data used as input(s) in 
the Product Formula for the determination and calculation 
of the Product Amount relating to a Product and specified 
with the relevant (inter alia) amount, level or percentage in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Applicable Rate 
(as described in Condition 2.5 
below) 
 
An Applicable Rate is a rate which is given a standard 
definition and may follow a standard formula, and may be 
forced to a constant level over time and/or initially be equal 
to a fixed rate and then vary depending on market 
conditions and/or capped and/or floored and/or adjusted 
by an additive factor and/or a multiplicative factor and/or 
substituted with a market rate (including, any successor to 
a market rate). 
An Applicable Rate may be combined with several other 
Applicable Rates. 
Applicable Rates are used as inputs in the Product 
Formula for the determination and calculation of the 
Product Amount relating to a Product. 
Add-on 
(as described in Condition 1.3 
below) 
The list of generic features that can be applied to any 
standard Product Formula(e) in order to supplement, 
modify or supersede these standard Product Formula(e). 
The paragraph "Reference of the Product" in the 
applicable Final Terms of a Product will specify the Add-
on(s) applicable to such Product. 
Option 1, 2,…X 
Within a same Family of Products or Add-on the different 
variations of the Product Formula(e) used for the 
calculation of a Product Amount. These different Options 
are described in Conditions 1 and 3 below. The paragraph 
"Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms 
will indicate the Option applicable to the Product. 
 
1. PROVISIONS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING TO THE PRODUCT AMOUNTS

--- Page 215 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
215 
 
The provisions described hereunder are applicable to all the different Product Formula described in Condition 3 below. 
 
1.1    Event-linked Early Expiration  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" is "Applicable", any relevant Product Formula 
used to determine the Early Settlement Price(s) appearing in the paragraph relating to the Reference of the Product in Condition 3 
below will be replicated in the paragraph "Event-linked Early Settlement Price" of the applicable Final Terms with the relevant values 
of the Variable Data, Applicable Rate(s), Schedule(s), Specific Definitions, Add-ons and/or Options:  
 
Event-linked Early Settlement Price: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the 
Event-linked Early Settlement Price for each 
Warrant shall be the Early Settlement Price for 
each Warrant which will be determined in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
[Insert the Early Settlement Price of the Product 
corresponding to the relevant Reference of the 
Product. The applicable definitions to the Product 
Formula(e) will be inserted in the clause 
"Definitions relating to the Product" of the 
applicable Final Terms.] 
 
1.2    Final Settlement Price 
 
Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price of the relevant Product appearing in the paragraph 
relating to the Reference of the Product in Condition 3 below will be replicated in the paragraph "Final Settlement Price" of the 
applicable Final Terms with the relevant values of the Variable Data, Applicable Rate(s), Schedule(s), Specific Definitions, Add-ons 
and/or Options set out in Conditions 1.3, 1.4, 1.5 and 2 below, as the case may be: 
 
Final Settlement Price: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions, the 
Final Settlement Price for each Warrant will be 
determined in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
[Insert the Final Settlement Price of the Product 
corresponding to the relevant Reference of the 
Product. The applicable definitions to the Product 
Formula(e) will be inserted in the paragraph 
"Definitions relating to the Product" of the 
applicable Final Terms.] 
 
1.3    Add-on relating to Product Formulae 
 
When an Add-on is used in respect of the Product Formula of a Product Amount defined in Condition 3 below, this will supplement, 
modify or supersede, as the case may be, such Product Formula. 
 
For each Product Amount in respect of which an Add-on is used, the relevant provisions in the applicable Final Terms shall include 
the reference to (a) the relevant Add-on (Conditions 1.3.1 to 1.3.3 below), (b) the applicable Option in relation to the relevant Add-on 
(Condition 1.3.2 below) and (c) the applicable Product Formula(e) (Condition 3 below) and / or Variable Data (Condition 5 below). 
 
1.3.1     Add-on relating to Early Settlement Price 
 
If the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" of a Product of a Family of Products is specified as being "Applicable" in Condition 3 
below, this may nevertheless be modified as follows in accordance with the information indicated in the paragraph "Reference of the 
Product" of the applicable Final Terms: 
 
-    the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" may be set as "Not applicable" in the applicable Final Terms of the Product and, 
consequently, no Early Settlement Price shall be determined in respect of the Product; 
 
-    the Product Formula(e) predefined relating to the Early Settlement Price may be superseded by one or more Product Formula(e) 
relating to the Early Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Products described in Condition 3 below; 
 
-    if the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" of a Product of a Family of Products is specified as being "Not applicable" in 
Condition 3 below, this may nevertheless be modified to" Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms to the Product and, consequently, 
an Early Settlement Price shall be determined for this Product by applying the Product Formula relating to the Early Settlement Price 
of any other Product of any other Family of Products described in Condition 3 below.

--- Page 216 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
216 
1.3.2     Add-on relating to Global Factors 
 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine a Product Amount may be modified by the inclusion of a 
GlobalCap, GlobalFloor, GlobalAdditiveFactor or GlobalMultiplicativeFactor: 
 
Option 1: If GlobalCap is specified as a Variable Data in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Min(GlobalCap ; Product Formula). 
 
Option 2: If a GlobalFloor is specified as a Variable Data in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Max(GlobalFloor ; Product Formula). 
 
Option 3: If a GlobalAdditiveFactor is specified as a Variable Data in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x (Product Formula + GlobalAdditiveFactor). 
 
Option 4: If a GlobalMultiplicativeFactor is specified as a Variable Data in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Product Formula x GlobalMultiplicativeFactor. 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
1.3.3     Add-on relating to CapitalisationRate 
 
For some Products for which there is a significant period of time between the last Valuation Date and the Settlement Date, the Product 
Formula may become: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Product Formula x CapitalisationRate, 
 
With the CapitalisationRate being calculated on the relevant period of calculation and being a Variable Data specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
1.4    Non applicability of the Notional Amount 
 
For a particular Issue of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms may specify that the "Notional Amount per Warrant" is "Not applicable". 
In such cases, any reference to "Notional Amount" in the applicable Final Terms relating to such Issue of Warrants shall be omitted 
and removed from the description of the relevant Product Formula(e). 
 
1.5    Substitution of Specific Definitions 
 
For a particular Issue of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms may specify that one or more Specific Definition(s) is (are) to be 
substituted with a fixed level or value over time. In such cases, any reference to such Specific Definition(s) in the applicable Final 
Terms relating to such Issue of Warrants shall be substituted with such fixed level or value in the description of the relevant Product 
Formula(e). 
 
2   SCHEDULES, SPECIFIC DEFINITION(S) VARIABLE DATA, SIMPLIFICATIONS AND APPLICABLE RATES 
 
2.1    Schedules 
 
A Schedule designates either (A) a list of Valuation Date(s), Relevant Valuation Date(s) or Underlying Level Calculation Date(s) or 
any other date(s), or (B) all Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or Underlying Level Calculation Date(s) or any other 
date(s) comprised within a defined period. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular Product Amount. For 
ease of reading, Schedules may be renamed. 
 
Furthermore, in respect of a Product Formula and a particular Schedule, also for ease of reading, "Valuation Date", "Relevant 
Valuation Date" or "Underlying Level Calculation Date(s)" may be renamed (for instance, for a Schedule made of daily Valuation 
Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Daily Valuation Date", for a Schedule with annual Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may 
be renamed "Annual Valuation Date", for another Schedule relating to a specific Underlying_A, "Valuation Date" may be renamed 
"Underlying_A Valuation Date", a Schedule with daily Underlying Level Calculation Dates, "Underlying Level Calculation Date" may 
be renamed "Daily Underlying Level Calculation Date", etc.). 
 
2.2    General Definitions and Specific Definition(s) 
 
2.2.1    General Definitions 
 
Definitions listed in Condition 5 below are applicable to all the Families of Products and to each Product within a Family of Products.

--- Page 217 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
217 
2.2.2    Specific Definition(s) 
 
If relevant, Specific Definition(s) are specific definitions and formula(e) which are required for the determination and calculation of a 
Product Amount, specific to a particular Product. One or more specific definitions may be necessary (hereafter the Specific 
Definition(s)). In Condition 3 below, when the determination of a Product Formula of a Product Amount requires one or more specific 
definitions, a paragraph "Specific Definitions" will be replicated in the paragraph of the applicable Final Terms with either (i) a specific 
definition contained in these Additional Terms and Conditions or (ii) the reference(s) to these Additional Terms and Conditions where 
the Specific Definition(s) is/are necessary for the determination and calculation of a Product Amount for such Product can be found. 
When no Specific Definition(s) is/are necessary to determine a Product Amount, the applicable Final Terms shall provide that "Specific 
Definitions" are "Not applicable". 
 
2.3    Variable Data 
 
One or more variable data are necessary to determine a Product Amount of a Product (the Variable Data). The definition(s) of the 
Variable Data that may be used for the Product Amount of a Product of any Family of Products are listed in Condition 5.4 (General 
Variable Data) below. 
 
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 below and that may be used in respect of one or more Products of a Family of Products are 
set out in the paragraph x.x.0 of the relevant Family of Products (e.g. 3.1.0 or 3.3.0). 
 
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 below relevant to a specific Product are set out below in the paragraph "Variable Data" of 
such Product. 
 
In the applicable Final Terms: 
 
-    Depending on their respective definitions set out in Condition 5.4 below, each Variable Data can be an amount, level, percentage 
or observed value of a formula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product. 
 
-    A Variable Data may depend on a specific Schedule as defined in Condition 2.1 above. For example, for the Reference of the 
Product 3.1.1 "One-Delta Products (Additive Formula)", the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" refers to the Variable Data 
"BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i)" which is the value of the BaseSettlementLevel_ESP on a specific Valuation Date (i), in respect of 
which an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
If in respect of a Product Formula of a Product Amount of a specific Product, a Variable Data has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), 
or is not used or not useful or if a Variable Data is not applicable for the calculation of certain Product Amounts, then the Product 
Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be simplified for the purpose of improving the reading and intelligibility of 
formula(e) as further set out in Condition 2.4 below. 
 
2.4    Simplifications to Product Formulae 
 
In the following cases, the Product Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be simplified for the purpose of improving 
the reading and intelligibility of formula(e): 
 
(i)   If a Variable Data having a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not used or not useful or if a Variable Data is not applicable to 
the calculation of certain Product Amount(s), then such Variable Data may be omitted from the Product Formula(e). 
 
(ii)   If, as the consequence of an option not being applied, a Specific Definition, floor, cap, Variable Data, or other parameter is not 
used in the determination of the relevant Product Amount(s), then such Specific Definition, floor, cap, Variable Data or other parameter 
may be omitted from the Product Formula(e). 
 
(iii)   A parameter which is computed over time for the determination of the relevant Product Amount(s), may be fixed at a constant 
level. In such cases, the Specific Definition relating to this parameter may be omitted and such parameter may be replaced by such 
constant level or even omitted from the Product Formula(e) if such constant level has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not 
used or not useful for the calculation of such Product Amount(s). 
 
(iv)   A Specific Definition used in the calculation of Product Amount(s) may be replaced by its underlying components. 
 
(v)   If in respect of a Product Formula of a Product Amount of a specific Product, a Specific Definition corresponds to a constant value 
of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), or is not used or not useful or if a Specific Definition is not applicable for the calculation of certain Product 
Amounts, then the Product Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be simplified for the purpose of improving the 
reading and intelligibility of formula(e). 
 
The following examples aim to illustrate various simplifications which may be brought to the description of the Product Formulae 
used to determine a Product Amount. 
 
2.5    Provisions relating to Applicable Rates 
 
The Product Formula(e) of a Product may rely on the determination of certain rates (each such rate, an "Applicable Rate" as 
defined herein).

--- Page 218 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
218 
Each Applicable Rate is given a standard definition which may be amended by one or several of the following provisions: 
 
(i)   Each Applicable Rate may be determined according to several options: 
 
  -    it may either follow one of the definitions specified in the relevant section called "Definitions relating to Applicable Rates"; or 
 
  -    it may be forced to a constant level over time; or 
 
  -    it can be initially equal to a fixed rate and then vary depending on market conditions; or 
 
  -    it can be substituted with a market rate (including, any successor to a market rate), which such rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and may be subject to application of a spread, which may be positive or negative and which will also be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(ii)   An Applicable Rate which varies over time may be capped and/or floored and/or the initial level of such rate may be indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(iii)   An Applicable Rate may be adjusted by an additive factor and/or a multiplicative factor, as may be indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
(iv)   An Applicable Rate may be a linear combination of several Applicable Rates (each such Applicable Rate being determined as 
per the above options), as may be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(v)   If, in respect of a Product Formula of a Product Amount of a specific Product, an Applicable Rate has a value of either 0 (zero) 
or 1 (one), or is not used or not useful or if an Applicable Rate is not applicable for the calculation of certain Product Amounts, then 
Product Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of 
improving the reading and intelligibility of formula(e). 
 
When several Underlying(k) are used for a Product, the above provisions may apply independently depending on each Underlying(k). 
 
The following examples aim to illustrate some examples of definitions which may be applied to Applicable Rates in the description of 
the Product Formulae used to determine a Product Amount. 
 
Example #1: Applicable Rate forced at a fixed level (in accordance with (i) above) 
 
%DistRateBasket(i) means 70% 
 
Example #2: introduction of a floor, a cap and mention of an initial level (in accordance with (ii) above) 
 
%CommissionRate(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the annual commission rate as of such Valuation Date(i). The 
level of the annual commission rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent. %CommissionRate(i) is subject to a minimum of 0% 
and maximum of 0.5% and is initially equal to 0.2% at the Initial Valuation Date. 
 
Example #3: adjustment by an additive and a multiplicative factor (in accordance with (iii) above) 
 
%DistRate(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the reinvestment rate of Dist(i) in the cash component of the 
UnderlyingLevel, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. It corresponds to the percentage of such Dist(i) that would be received 
by a hypothetical investor located in Luxembourg, as determined and updated from time to time by the Calculation Agent., such 
percentage being (i) first decreased by 10%, then (ii) multiplied by 0.85. 
  
Example #4: substitution with a market rate for an Applicable Rate (in accordance with (i) above) 
 
%RepoRate(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Euribor 12-month rate on Valuation Date(i-1). RIC code: EURIBOR= 
(1Y Maturity). 
 
2.6    Provisions relating to Underlying, Underlying(k), Underlying(m) and Underlying(s) 
 
When a Product Formula of a particular Product refers to an Underlying (Underlying(k), Underlying(m) or Underlying(s)), such 
reference may be replaced in such Product Formula by Underlying, Underlying(k), Underlying(m) or Underlying(s). 
 
3   FAMILIES OF PRODUCTS AND DESCRIPTION OF THE FAMILIES 
 
A list of Families of Products to which the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants apply and 
a description of each of the Families is set out below: 
 
Condition and 
Reference of the 
Product 
Family 
Description of the Family

--- Page 219 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
219 
 
 
 
3.1 
Fixed Leverage 
This family includes Products which 
provide a daily leveraged long 
exposure (for Fixed Leverage Bull 
Products) or a daily leveraged short 
exposure (for Fixed Leverage Bear 
Products) to the performance (either 
positive or negative) of an Underlying 
(or a notional basket thereof), after 
deduction of certain replication costs 
and commissions from the payoff of 
the Product.  
 
3.2 
Turbo 
This family includes Products which 
provide a leveraged exposure to the 
performance 
(either 
positive 
or 
negative) of an Underlying. These 
Products embed an Event-linked 
Early Expiration feature and may, as 
the case may be, have an Exercise 
Price which varies over time.   
 
 
3.1    FAMILY OF FIXED LEVERAGE PRODUCTS 
 
A formula is set in order to calculate a reference level which will be used to determine the payoff of the Product (such reference level 
being the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level or LSCL on each Valuation Date(i). For each Fixed Leverage Product, the Leveraged 
Strategy Closing Level (for Fixed Leverage Bull Products) or the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level (for Fixed Leverage Bear Products) 
includes the leveraged mechanism of such Fixed Leverage Product as well as certain cost parameters.  
 
The Leveraged Strategy Closing Level (for Fixed Leverage Bull Products) or the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level (for Fixed Leverage 
Bear Products) is then used to determine the Product Formula. 
 
Set out below is the list of Fixed Leverage Products, the reference of which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
paragraph "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.1.1 
Fixed Leverage Bear  
3.1.2 
Fixed Leverage Bull  
3.1.3 
Fixed Leverage on Futures  
3.1.4 
Fixed Leverage Bear - Multiplicative Formula 
3.1.5 
Fixed Leverage Bull -  Multiplicative Formula 
3.1.6 
Fixed Leverage on Futures – Methodology 2 
3.1.7 
Fixed Leverage on Futures – Methodology 3 
3.1.8 
Fixed Leverage Bear - Multiplicative Formula and 
adjusted leverage 
3.1.9 
Fixed Leverage Bull -  Multiplicative Formula and 
adjusted leverage 
 
3.1.0     Definitions relating to Applicable Rates 
 
%CollatCostRate(i) means [%CollatCostRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of 
%CollatCostRate(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate which 
shall be determined with respect to such Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent as] the cost that would be incurred by the Issuer

--- Page 220 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
220 
(or any of its affiliates) if it were to borrow the ReferenceCollateralAssets (through, for example, but without limitation, a securities 
lending or repurchase agreement) for an amount equal to the market value of the Warrant as of such Valuation Date(i) (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) multiplied by PCP.  
 
%CommissionRate(i) means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the annual commission rate as of such Valuation Date(i). The 
level of the annual commission rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
%DistRate(i) means [%DistRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of %DistRate(i) may 
be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as] 
the percentage of Dist(i) that would be received by a hypothetical investor located in ReferenceCountry, net of any withholding tax, 
before application of any tax credit and assuming that such hypothetical investor does not benefit from double taxation treaties. 
 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(i) means [%Gap&ReplicationRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the 
value of %Gap&ReplicationRate(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) the annual 
gap premium rate as of such Valuation Date(i), as determined by the Calculation Agent as] the cost that the Issuer (or any of its 
affiliates) would charge to replicate the performance of the Leveraged Strategy, which includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the 
risk of the market value of the Warrant becoming negative.  
 
%MarginCost(i) means [%MarginCostInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of % 
MarginCost(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, which aims to reflect] the marking costs that could be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) when 
hedging the Leveraged Strategy by trading the Future Contracts. 
 
%QuantoRate(i) means [%QuantoRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of 
%QuantoRate(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate which shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to such Valuation Date(i) as] the [carry] [and][/][or] [hedging] cost of the foreign 
exchange risk estimated or realised.  
 
%RepoRate(i) means [%RepoRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of %RepoRate(i) 
may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate which shall be determined 
with respect to such Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent as] the cost or gain that would be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its 
affiliates) if it were to borrow or lend hedging instruments in respect of the Warrant. 
 
%SpreadLevel(i) means [%SpreadLevelInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of 
%SpreadLevel(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate which shall 
be determined with respect to such Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent as] an adjustment factor which corresponds to the cost 
or gain that would be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) if it were to borrow or lend hedging instruments in respect of the 
Warrants. 
 
3.1.0.1    Variable Data: 
 
%CollatCostRateInitial 
%DistRateInitial 
%Gap&ReplicationRateInitial 
%MarginCostInitial 
%QuantoRateInitial 
%RepoRateInitial 
%SpreadLevelInitial  
PCP 
ReferenceCollateralAssets 
ReferenceCountry 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.1.1    Fixed Leverage Bear 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.1, the following applies: 
 
3.1.1.0    Product Description: 
 
-    This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
      -   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
-   The strategy to which the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged short 
exposure to the Underlying with a leverage factor (Leverage) and a hypothetical money market instrument.

--- Page 221 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
221 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into account 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
 
3.1.1.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is lower] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x FX(0) x Ratio(RVD(i)) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) -C(RVD(i));0) x (1 / FX(RVD(i)+1)) 
 
3.1.1.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max 
 
(InitialValue x FX(0) x Ratio(T) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) - C(T);0) x (1 / FX(T+1)) 
 
3.1.1.3    Variable Data: 
 
BarrierLevelAutocall  
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency  
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RatioInitial  
RatioResetThreshold 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.1.1.4    Applicable Rates: 
 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%DistRate  
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%RepoRate  
 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
 
3.1.1.5 Specific Definition(s): 
 
3.1.1.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as 
published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate 
is available on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the 
BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency following such 
day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto.

--- Page 222 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
222 
Ratio or Ratio(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the value of Ratio(i) in respect of 
each Warrant on such Valuation Date(i), which shall be the value of 
Ratio(i) on the Valuation Date(i-1) unless adjusted by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following provisions.  
 
If, on any Valuation Date(i) from, but excluding, the Initial Valuation 
Date to, and including, the Final Valuation Date:  
 
C(i) / IV(i) > RatioResetThreshold 
 
then the Calculation Agent shall adjust the value of Ratio(i) in respect 
of such Valuation Date(i). The Calculation Agent may also, on any 
Valuation Date(i) from, but excluding, the Initial Valuation Date to, and 
including, the Final Valuation Date, elect in its sole discretion to adjust 
the value of Ratio(i) in respect of such Valuation Date(i).  If the 
Calculation Agent adjusts the value of Ratio(i), it shall do so in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
Ratio(i)= (Ratio(i -1) x LSCL(i) - CBEFORE(i) x (LSCL(0) / 
(InitialValue x FX(0)))) / LSCL(i) 
 
The initial value of Ratio(i) shall be equal to Ratio(0) = RatioInitial. 
CBEFORE(i) 
[is determined in accordance with the following formula: 
CBEFORE(i) = C(i -1) + ((ACT(i -1;i) / DayCountBasisCommission) x 
(%CommissionRate(i) + %Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + 
%CollatCostRate(i) + %QuantoRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i))] 
 
Commission(i), 
Commission or C(i)] 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i): 
 
if (i) is the Initial Valuation Date or a day on which the value of Ratio(i) 
has been adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Ratio or 
Ratio(i)" herein:  
 
0 
 
and otherwise: 
 
C(i) = C(i-1) + (ACT(i-1;i) / DayCountBasisCommission) x 
(%CommissionRate(i) + %Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + 
%CollatCostRate(i) + %QuantoRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i) 
 
Intrinsic 
Value, 
IntrinsicValue(i) 
or 
IV(i) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
IntrinsicValue(i) = Max(InitialValue x FX(0) x Ratio(i-1) x (LSCL(i) / 
LSCL(0)) - C(i-1);0) 
 
 
3.1.1.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1) 
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the following 
formula: 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
 
CashRate 
or 
CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i):  
 
(1)   the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or  
 
(2)   the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of 
RateOvernight dated as of such Valuation Date(i), 
 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if 
in the case of (2) above RateOvernight is not displayed on the 
RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any successor service or

--- Page 223 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
223 
page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining 
such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate 
is, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be 
discontinued (such rate then being the Discontinued Rate) then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a 
successor rate for such Discontinued Rate which offers similar 
economic characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no such successor rate exists, (b) on the basis 
of the cost that Societe Generale would charge or be charged to 
borrow cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis. 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
LSCL(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such 
Valuation Date(i) is calculated in accordance with the following 
formulae:  
 
 
on Valuation Date(0): 
 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
 
on each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -
1) + (1-Leverage) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date 
immediately following an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be deemed to 
be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants). 
 
For each Valuation Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the 
Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation Time(v) is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[LSL(i,v) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i-1))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSL(i,v) / 
ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i-1))] 
 
[LSL(i,v) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSL(i,v) / 
ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i))] 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Level or LSL(i,v)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the 
latest level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), 
as such level may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of 
Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Level will be determined in accordance 
with Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation 
Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level 
as of such Calculation Time(v) is calculated in accordance with the 
following formula:

--- Page 224 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
224 
[LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-
1)) -1) + (1-Leverage) x Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / 
DayCountBasisRate),0)] 
 
[LSL(i,v) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSL(i,v) / 
ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i))] 
 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such 
day in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) - (Leverage / (Leverage - 1)) x %RepoRate(i) 
 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of 
the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments 
and provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such 
Underlying. 
 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v),  
 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an 
Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a 
Commodity, or a Commodity Index]  
 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and 
Calculation Time(v).] 
 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the 
Underlying published on the relevant [Exchange] [Price Source] 
[provide details on relevant source] as of such Valuation Date (i) and 
Calculation Time (v).] 
Calculation Time  
means with respect to the Underlying, any time between the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, provided that 
the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation Agent to 
determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
 
 
3.1.1.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions 
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
 
Underlying 
Distributions, 
or 
Dist(i1,i2)  
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary 
Distributions paid in respect of the Underlying, which have an ex date 
between (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included). 
 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency 
of the Underlying, this Gross Ordinary Distribution will be converted 
into such currency by the Calculation Agent using the latest available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation 
Date(i) by the FXSource. If no such rate is available on the Valuation 
Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be 
the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the 
Underlying following such Valuation Date(i), as published by the 
FXSource, or any successor service or page used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.] 
 
 
3.1.1.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons

--- Page 225 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
225 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day which corresponds 
to the Intraday Restrike Event immediately preceding the Calculation 
Time(v). 
 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the following formula: 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) - %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) 
means: 
 
(1)   if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, then: 
 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i') 
 
(2)    or otherwise: 
 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i') 
 
Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment 
for 
Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event 
has occurred at a Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an 
adjustment 
(an 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment 
for 
Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) 
in accordance with the following provisions. 
 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be 
suspended during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period and 
resume in accordance with Condition 3.1.1.5.4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants within 
15 minutes following the end of such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the 
Calculation Resume Time and the day on which such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end 
of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 15 
minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday Restrike 
Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing which immediately follows the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, 
LSCL(CRD) and LSL(CRD,v) will be determined as follows: 
  
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day 
following the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according to the following 
formula: 
 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD,v) / 
AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 - Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 
DayCountBasisRate) 
 
and at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD) / 
AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 - Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 
DayCountBasisRate) 
 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day 
immediately preceding (i') in which case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') 
and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time on such 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) 
the Valuation Date which immediately precedes (i') in which case 
i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
 
Intraday 
Reference 
Level 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the 
Underlying level as of (1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference

--- Page 226 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
226 
Time preceding and excluding such Calculation Time(v) or (2) if no 
Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of 
the Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event  
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a Calculation 
Time(v) of the Underlying level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on 
and excluding the Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and 
including the time falling 15 minutes after the Intraday Restrike Event 
Time.  
 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that (1) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the 
level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor 
or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for 
any type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index 
or a SGI Index) the Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for 
continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period 
will be extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying is 
an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and 
disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or the Underlying Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any type of Underlying 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for continuous trading 
for an aggregate period of 15 minutes.  
 
If the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period would not end by the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day will not be a Valuation Date for 
the purposes of determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, 
except (a) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of 
calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts 
thereof) with respect to any previous Intraday Restrike Event that has 
occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period shall be extended to the following Valuation Date 
to the extent necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that (a) 
(if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying 
is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the 
Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type 
of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI 
Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for 
continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period only, the Exchange shall not be considered to be 
open for continuous trading during its closing auction period (as 
provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Day  
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the day on which the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Time  
means, [in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Calculation Time on which the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches 
its lowest value during such period.] [the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period.] 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time 
on which such event occurs. 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance with the following formulae:

--- Page 227 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
227 
(1)   where, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more 
Intraday Restrike Event Times have previously occurred with an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurring on (i'), then (with 
the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, immediately 
preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) / 
Price(i',v1)) - 1)) 
 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance with Condition 3.1.1.5.4 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants but with "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
 
(2)   in circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF)) x (1 + Leverage x 
((Price(i',VREF(v)) / AdjPrice(i(REF))) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i') / DayCountBasisRate)) 
 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then 
LSL(i'',v1); or otherwise LSCL(i'-1). 
 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time weighted average price of the Underlying during the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
 
VREF(v)  
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, 
and excluding, Calculation Time(v). 
 
 
3.1.2    Fixed Leverage Bull 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.2, the following applies: 
 
3.1.2.0    Product Description: 
 
-   This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
      -   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy 
 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
The strategy to which the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged exposure to 
the Underlying with a leverage factor Leverage and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into account 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
 
3.1.2.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is lower] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x FX(0) x Ratio(RVD(i)) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) -C(RVD(i));0) x (1 / FX(RVD(i)+1)) 
 
3.1.2.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x FX(0) x Ratio(T) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) -
C(T);0) x (1 / FX(T+1)) 
 
3.1.2.3    Variable Data:

--- Page 228 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
228 
 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency  
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RatioInitial  
RatioResetThreshold 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.1.2.4    Applicable Rates: 
 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%DistRate  
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%SpreadLevel  
 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
 
3.1.2.5    Specific Definition(s): 
 
3.1.2.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as 
published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate 
is available on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the 
BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency following such 
day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto.   
Ratio or Ratio(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the value of Ratio(i) in respect of 
each Warrant on such Valuation Date(i), which shall be the value of 
Ratio(i) on the Valuation Date(i-1) unless adjusted by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following provisions. 
  
If, on any Valuation Date(i) from, but excluding, the Initial Valuation 
Date to, and including, the Final Valuation Date:  
 
C(i) / IV(i) > RatioResetThreshold 
 
then the Calculation Agent shall adjust the value of Ratio(i) in respect 
of such Valuation Date(i). The Calculation Agent may also, on any 
Valuation Date(i) from, but excluding, the Initial Valuation Date to, and 
including, the Final Valuation Date, elect in its sole discretion to adjust 
the value of Ratio(i) in respect of such Valuation Date(i).  If the 
Calculation Agent adjusts the value of Ratio(i), it shall do so in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
Ratio(i)= (Ratio(i -1) x LSCL(i) - CBEFORE(i) x (LSCL(0) / 
(InitialValue xFX(0)))) / LSCL(i)

--- Page 229 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
229 
The initial value of Ratio(i) shall be equal to Ratio(0) = RatioInitial. 
CBEFORE(i)  
is determined in accordance with the following formula: 
CBEFORE(i) = C(i -1) + ((ACT(i -1;i) / DayCountBasisCommission) x 
(%CommissionRate(i) + %Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + 
%CollatCostRate(i) + %QuantoRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i)) 
 
Commission(i), 
Commission or C(i) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i): 
 
if (i) is the Initial Valuation Date or a day on which the value of Ratio(i) 
has been adjusted in accordance with the definition of "Ratio or 
Ratio(i)" herein:  
 
0 
 
and otherwise: 
 
C(i) = C(i-1) + (ACT(i-1;i) / DayCountBasisCommission) x 
(%CommissionRate(i) + %Gap&ReplicationRate(i) + 
%CollatCostRate(i) + %QuantoRate(i)) x IntrinsicValue(i) 
 
Intrinsic 
Value, 
IntrinsicValue(i) 
or 
IV(i) 
means in respect of each Valuation Date(i), an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
IntrinsicValue(i) = Max(InitialValue x FX(0) x Ratio(i-1) x (LSCL(i) / 
LSCL(0)) - C(i-1);0) 
 
 
3.1.2.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1)  
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the following 
formula: 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
 
CashRate 
or 
CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i):  
 
(1)   the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or  
 
(2)   the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of 
RateOvernight dated as of such Valuation Date(i), 
 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if 
in the case of (2) above RateOvernight is not displayed on the 
RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any successor service or 
page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining 
such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate 
is, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be 
discontinued (such rate then being the Discontinued Rate) then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a 
successor rate for such Discontinued Rate which offers similar 
economic characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate exists, (b) 
on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale would charge or be 
charged to borrow cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an 
overnight basis. 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and

--- Page 230 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
230 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such 
Valuation Date(i) is calculated in accordance with the following 
formulae:  
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) 
-1) + (1-Leverage) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date 
immediately following an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be deemed to 
be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants). 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Level or LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the 
latest level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), 
as such level may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of 
Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Level will be determined in accordance 
with Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation 
Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level 
as of such Calculation Time(v) is calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-
1)) -1) + (1-Leverage) x Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / 
DayCountBasisRate),0) 
 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of 
such day in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) + %SpreadLevel(i) 
 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of 
the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments 
and provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such 
Underlying. 
 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v),  
 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an 
Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a 
Commodity, or a Commodity Index]  
 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and 
Calculation Time(v).] 
 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the 
Underlying 
published 
on 
the 
relevant 
[Exchange] 
[Price 
Source][provide details on relevant source] as of such Valuation Date 
(i) and Calculation Time (v).]

--- Page 231 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
231 
Calculation Time  
means with respect to the Underlying, any time between the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, provided 
that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation Agent to 
determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
 
3.1.2.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions 
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
 
Underlying 
Distributions, 
or 
Dist(i1,i2) 
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary 
Distributions, paid in respect of the Underlying, which have an ex date 
between (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included). 
 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency 
of the Underlying, this Gross Ordinary Distribution will be converted 
into such currency by the Calculation Agent using the latest available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation 
Date(i) by the FXSource. If no such rate is available on the Valuation 
Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be 
the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the 
Underlying following such Valuation Date(i), as published by the 
FXSource, or any successor service or page used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.] 
 
3.1.2.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day which corresponds 
to the Intraday Restrike Event immediately preceding the Calculation 
Time(v). 
 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the following formula: 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) - %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
 
AdjPrice(i(REF))  
Means:   
 
(1)    if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i') 
 
otherwise: 
 
(2)    AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i'). 
Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment 
for 
Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event 
has occurred at a Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an 
adjustment 
(an 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment 
for 
Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) 
in accordance with the following provisions. 
 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be 
suspended during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period and 
resume in accordance with Condition 3.1.2.5.4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants within 
15 minutes following the end of such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the 
Calculation Resume Time and the day on which such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end 
of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 15 
minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday Restrike 
Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing which immediately follows the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.

--- Page 232 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
232 
 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, 
LSCL(CRD) and LSL(CRD,v) will be determined as follows:  
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day 
following the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according to the following 
formula: 
 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD,v) / 
AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 - Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 
DayCountBasisRate) 
 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD) / 
AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 - Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 
DayCountBasisRate) 
 
 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day 
immediately preceding (i') in which case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') 
and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time on such 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) 
the Valuation Date which immediately precedes (i') in which case 
i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
 
Intraday 
Reference 
Level  
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the 
Underlying level as of (1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time preceding and excluding such Calculation Time(v) or (2) if no 
Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of 
the Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event  
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation 
Time(v) of the Underlying level below the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on 
and excluding the Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and 
including the time falling 15 minutes after the Intraday Restrike Event 
Time.  
 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that (1) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the 
level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor 
or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for 
any type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index 
or a SGI Index) the Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for 
continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period 
will be extended to the extent necessary until (a) (if the Underlying is 
an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and 
disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type of 
Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI 
Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for 
continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes.  
 
If the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period would not end by the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day will not be a Valuation Date for 
the purposes of determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, 
except (a) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of 
calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts 
thereof) with respect to any previous Intraday Restrike Event that has 
occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period shall be extended to the following Valuation Date

--- Page 233 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
233 
to the extent necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that (a) 
(if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying 
is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the 
Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type 
of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI 
Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for 
continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period only, the Exchange shall not be considered to be 
open for continuous trading during its closing auction period (as 
provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Day  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the day on which the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Time  
means [in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Calculation Time on which the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches 
its lowest value during such period] [the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period]. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time 
on which such event occurs. 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
(1)    where, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more 
Intraday Restrike Event Times have previously occurred with an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurring on (i'), then (with 
the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time immediately 
preceding VREF(v) being "v1"): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) 
/Price(i',v1)) - 1)) 
 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance with Condition 3.1.2.5.4 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants but with "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
 
(2)    In circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF)) x (1 + Leverage x 
((Price(i',VREF(v)) / AdjPrice(i(REF))) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i') / DayCountBasisRate)) 
 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then 
LSL(i'',v1); or otherwise LSCL(i'-1). 
 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time weighted average price of the Underlying during the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, 
and excluding, Calculation Time(v). 
 
 
3.1.3    Fixed Leverage on Futures  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.3, the following applies: 
 
3.1.3.0    Product Description: 
 
-   This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
      -   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy.

--- Page 234 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
234 
 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
The strategy to which the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged exposure to 
the price of the future contract with a Leverage factorLeverage and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the price of the future contract is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take 
into account the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
 
3.1.3.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is lower] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(i);0) 
 
3.1.3.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
 
3.1.3.3    Variable Data: 
 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency  
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
BSCLInitial 
ContractTable1 
ContractTable2 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
ERLSCLInitial  
FXSource 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
RollEndDate  
RollStartDate 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.1.3.4    Applicable Rates: 
 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%MarginCost  
 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
 
3.1.3.5     Specific Definition(s): 
 
3.1.3.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula

--- Page 235 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
235 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days between the Valuation Date(i-1) 
(included) and the Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
FX(i) 
 means, for any Valuation Date(i), the closing spot exchange rate to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in 
respect of such Valuation Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or 
any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such Valuation 
Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available closing spot exchange rate to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
following such day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor 
thereto or, in the absence of such successor, such other primary 
source as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
 
Hedging Fees 
Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
 
Product(for t from 1 to i) (1 –(%CommissionRate(t-1) + 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) +%CollatCostRate(t-1) + 
%QuantoRate(t-1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission)) 
 
 
3.1.3.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), a basket of 
contracts, the contracts being allocated and selected according to the 
definitions of CActive or Active Future Contract, CNextActive or Next 
Active Future Contract and CRW(i) below. 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
BSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the closing level of the Benchmark 
Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i), calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
BSCL(i) = BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CSL(i,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CSL(i,CNextActive)) / (CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
 
With BSCL(0) = BSCLInitial 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Level or BSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the level of 
the Benchmark Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) and such 
Calculation Time(v), calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
BSL(i,v)= BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CL(i,v,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CL(i,v,CNextActive)) / (CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
 
CashRate 
or 
CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the rate calculated as follows: 
[if Option 3-Month US T-Bill Discount Rate is applicable] 
 
[CashRate(i) = (1 / (1 - (91/DayCountBasisRate) x TBDR(i-1)))^(1/91) 
- 1 
 
Where TBDR(i-1) means the latest discount rate of the 3-Month US 
Treasury Bill as displayed on  "USB3MTA Index" Bloomberg Page (or, 
if applicable, any successor service or page used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such rate) as of Valuation Date 
(i-1)  
 
PROVIDED THAT if TBDR is not displayed on the  "USB3MTA Index" 
Bloomberg Page (or, if applicable, any successor service or page used 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such rate) for 
a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such 
rate then being the Discontinued Rate) then the Calculation Agent

--- Page 236 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
236 
shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a successor rate for such 
Discontinued Rate which offers similar economic characteristics to the 
Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such 
successor rate exists, (b)  on the basis of the cost that Societe 
Generale would charge or be charged to borrow cash in the 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.] 
 
[If Option Other Rate is applicable] 
 
[ 
(1)   the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i) divided 
by DayCountBasisRate; or  
 
(2)   the last available level displayed of RateOvernight divided by 
DayCountBasisRate, if a level of RateOvernight dated as of such 
Valuation Date(i), 
 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED 
THAT if in the case of (2) above RateOvernight is not displayed on the 
RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any successor service or 
page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining 
such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate 
is, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be 
discontinued (such rate then being theDiscontinued Rate) then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a 
successor rate for such Discontinued Rate which offers similar 
economic characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no such successor rate exists, (b)  on the basis 
of the cost that Societe Generale would charge or be charged to borrow 
cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.] 
 
CActive 
or 
Active 
Future Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the active future contract to be used 
when calculating the Benchmark Strategy Closing Level or the 
Benchmark Strategy Level as of such Valuation Date(i).  
 
The Active Future Contract is determined in accordance with the 
following roll schedule: 
 
[insert the ContractTable1] 
 
CNextActive or Next 
Active 
Future 
Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the next active future contract to be 
used when calculating the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level or the 
Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Valuation Date(i). 
 
The Next Active Future Contract is determined in accordance with the 
following roll schedule: 
 
[insert the ContractTable2] 
 
CRW(i) 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) occurring in a particular month, 
the percentage of the Active Future Contract used in the calculation of 
the Benchmark Strategy Closing Level on a Valuation Date (i) 
determined as the following: 
 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs before a RollStartDate in the relevant month: 
 
CRW(i) = 100% 
 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs in the period from, and including, a 
RollStartDate to, and including a RollEndDate in the relevant month[, 
then this Valuation Date(i) will be a Rolling Date as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants and]: 
 
CRW(i) = 100% x DayCount(i ; RollEndDate) / 
DayCount(RollStartDate ; RollEndDate)

--- Page 237 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
237 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs after a RollEndDate in the relevant month: 
 
CRW(i) = 0% 
 
Contract Settlement 
Level or CSL(i,C) 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), and a contract (C), the [Commodity] 
Reference Price of the contract (C), calculated and published by the 
Exchange, as of the Valuation Date(i). 
 
Excess 
Return 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
ERLSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the excess return closing level of 
the Leveraged Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i), calculated in 
accordance with the following formulae: 
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
ERLSCL(0) = ERLSCLInitial 
 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
 
ERLSCL(i) = Max(ERLSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((BSCL(i) / BSCL(i-
1)) -1)) ; 0) 
 
Excess 
Return 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Level or ERLSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the excess 
return level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) and 
such Calculation Time(v), calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
ERLSL(i,v) = Max(ERLSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((BSL(i,v) / BSCL(i-
1)) -1)) ; 0) 
 
Intraday 
Contract 
Level or CL(i, v, C) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), Calculation Time(v) and 
contract (C), the Intraday Price of the contract as of such Valuation 
Date (i) and Calculation Time (v). 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance with the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level will be determined in 
accordance with the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below), for each Valuation 
Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation 
Date(i) is calculated in accordance with the following formulae:  
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
 
LSCL(i) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSCL(i) / 
ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i)) 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date 
immediately following an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be deemed to 
be references to (i') (as defined in the paragraph titled "Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below). 
 
For each Valuation Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the 
Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Calculation Time(v) is 
calculated in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 238 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
238 
LSL(i,v) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i-1))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSL(i,v) / 
ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i-1)) 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Level or LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the 
latest level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), 
as such level may be adjusted in accordance with the paragraph titled 
"Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Level will be determined in accordance 
with the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for 
Performance Reasons" below), for each Valuation Date(i) and each 
Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such 
Calculation Time(v) is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
LSL(i,v) = LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Rate(i-1))^(ACT(i-1,i)-1) x (ERLSL(i,v) / 
ERLSCL(i-1) + Rate(i-1)) 
 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such 
day in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) - %MarginCost(i) 
 
Rolling Date(s) 
means, in respect of each month, each period from a RollStartDate 
(included) up to following RollEndDate (included). 
 
Calculation Time 
means with respect to the Underlying and a Valuation Time(i), any time 
between the TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, 
provided that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
DayCount( i1 ; i2 ) 
means the number of Valuation Dates between Valuation Date(i1) 
(included) and Valuation Date(i2) (included). 
Underlying Level 
Means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the 
Benchmark Strategy Level as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation 
Time(v). 
 
3.1.3.5.3 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
 
(i') 
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day which 
corresponds to the Intraday Restrike Event immediately preceding 
the Calculation Time(v). 
 
CL (i’,C) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
 
CL(i' ,C) = CL(i',VREF(v),C) 
 
CL(i(REF),C) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
 
(1)    if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day and, 
then: 
 
CL(i(REF),C) = CL(i'',v1,C)  
 
(2)    or otherwise: 
 
CL(i(REF),C) = CL(i'-1,C)

--- Page 239 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
239 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment 
for 
Performance Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event 
has occurred at a Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an 
adjustment 
(an 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment 
for 
Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation 
Date(i) in accordance with the following provisions. 
 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be 
suspended during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period 
and resume within 15 minutes following the end of such Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period (the point of such resumption 
being the Calculation Resume Time and the day on which such 
resumption occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). 
For the purposes of the determination of Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons and the corresponding 
Leveraged Strategy Level, references to dates (i) shall be read as 
references to dates (CRD) where expressly indicated. Should the 
end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period occur less 
than 15 minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday 
Restrike Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time 
shall be the TimeReferenceClosing which immediately follows the 
end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume 
Time, LSCL(CRD) and LSL(CRD,v) will be determined as follows:  
 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day 
following the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Leveraged Strategy Level is calculated according to the 
following formula: 
 
[LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Rate(i'-1))^( ACT(i',CRD)-1) 
x (1+ Leverage x ((CRW(i') x CL(CRD,v,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i')) x 
CL(CRD,v,CNextActive))/(CRW(i') x CSL(i',CActive) +  
(1 - CRW(i')) x CSL(i',CNextActive))– 1)+ Rate(i’-1))] 
 
[LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Rate(i'))^( ACT(i',CRD)-1) x 
(1+  
Leverage x ((CRW(i') x CL(CRD,v,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i')) x  
CL(CRD,v,CNextActive))/(CRW(i') x CSL(i',CActive) +  
(1 - CRW(i')) x CSL(i',CNextActive))– 1)+ Rate(i’))] 
 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume 
Day: 
 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Rate(i'))^( ACT(i',CRD)-1) x 
(1 + Leverage x ((CRW(i') x CSL(CRD, CActive) + (1 - CRW(i')) x 
CSL(CRD, CNextActive))/(CRW(i') x CSL(i',CActive) + (1 - 
CRW(i')) x CSL(i',CNextActive))– 1) + Rate(i’)) 
 
i(REF) 
means the latest of the (1) Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day 
immediately preceding (i’) in which case i(REF) is referred to as (i’’) 
and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time on such 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) (2) the 
Valuation Date which immediately precedes (i’) in which case 
i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
 
Intraday Reference 
Level 
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), (1) 
the Underlying Level as of the last Intraday Restrike Event 
Reference Time preceding and excluding such Calculation Time(v) 
or (2) if no Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the 
Benchmark Strategy Closing Level on the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date. 
Intraday Restrike Event 
If Leverage > 0: 
 
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a 
Calculation Time(v) of the ratio of the Underlying Level to the

--- Page 240 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
240 
Intraday Reference Level below the DailyRestrikePercentage of the 
relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
If Leverage < 0: 
 
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a 
Calculation Time(v) of the ratio of the Underlying Level to the 
Intraday Reference Level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of the 
relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting 
on and excluding the Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on 
and including the time falling 15 minutes after the Intraday Restrike 
Event Time.  
 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Exchange is not open for continuous trading, 
the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period will be extended to 
the extent necessary until the Exchange is open for continuous 
trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes.  
If the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period would not end by 
the TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day will not be a Valuation 
Date for the purposes of determining any element of the Leveraged 
Strategy, except (a) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i’,VREF(v)) 
(and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the applicable 
Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating 
LSL(i’,VREF(v)) (and the constituent parts thereof) with respect to 
any previous Intraday Restrike Event that has occurred on such 
day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period 
shall be extended to the following Valuation Date to the extent 
necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that the Exchange 
is open for continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 
minutes. 
 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period only, the Exchange shall not be considered to 
be open for continuous trading during its closing auction period (as 
provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Intraday Restrike Event 
Reference Day 
 
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation 
Period, the day on which the Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time occurs. 
 
Intraday Restrike Event 
Reference Time 
means [, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation 
Period, the Calculation Time on which the Leveraged Strategy Level 
reaches its lowest value during such period.] 
[the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period] 
 
Intraday Restrike Event 
Time 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation 
Time on which such event occurs. 
 
LSL(i’,VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
(1)    where, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more 
Intraday Restrike Event Times have previously occurred with an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurring on (i’), then (with 
the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, immediately 
preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x ((CRW(i’) x CL(i’, 
VREF(v),CActive) + (1 - CRW(i’)) x CL(i’, 
VREF(v),CNextActive))/(CRW(i') x CL(i',v1,CActive) + (1 - 
CRW(i')) x CL(i',v1,CNextActive))– 1))

--- Page 241 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
241 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance with Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons but with "VREF(v)" 
replaced by "v1". 
 
(2)    in circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF)) x (1 +Leverage x ((CRW(i') x 
CL(i',VREF(v),CActive) + (1 - CRW(i')) x 
CL(i',VREF(v),CNextActive))/(CRW(i’) x CSL(i(REF),CActive) + (1 
- CRW(i’)) x CSL(i(REF),CNextActive))-1)) 
 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then 
LSL(i'',v1); or otherwise LSCL(i'-1). 
 
[CL(i’, VREF(v),CActive)] 
[means the time weighted average price of the Active Future 
Contract during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
 
[CL(i’, 
VREF(v),CNextActive)] 
[means the time weighted average price of the Next Active Future 
Contract during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time 
preceding, and excluding, Calculation Time(v). 
 
 
3.1.4    Fixed Leverage Bear – Multiplicative Formula 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.4, the following applies: 
 
3.1.4.0    Product Description 
 
-   This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
      -   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
The strategy to which the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged short exposure 
to the Underlying with a leverage factor (Leverage) and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into account 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
 
3.1.4.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is lower] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(i);0) 
 
3.1.4.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
 
3.1.4.3    Variable Data: 
 
BarrierLevelAutocall  
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency  
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP

--- Page 242 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
242 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.1.4.4    Applicable Rates: 
 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%DistRate  
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%RepoRate  
 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
 
3.1.4.5    Specific Definition(s): 
 
3.1.4.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days between the Valuation Date(i-1) 
(included) and the Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the 
BaseCurrency into the 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as 
published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate 
is available on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the 
BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency following such 
day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. 
Hedging Fees 
Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
 
Product(for t from 1 to i) (1 –(%CommissionRate(t-1) + 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) +%CollatCostRate(t-1) + 
%QuantoRate(t-1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission)) 
 
 
3.1.4.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1) 
 
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the following 
formula: 
 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
 
CashRate 
or 
CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i):  
 
(1)   the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or  
 
(2)   the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of 
RateOvernight dated as of such Valuation Date(i),

--- Page 243 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
243 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if 
in the case of (2) above RateOvernight is not displayed on the 
RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any successor service or 
page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining 
such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate 
is, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be 
discontinued (such rate then being the Discontinued Rate) then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a 
successor rate for such Discontinued Rate which offers similar 
economic characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no such successor rate exists, (b) on the basis 
of the cost that Societe Generale would charge or be charged to 
borrow cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis. 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
LSCL(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such 
Valuation Date(i) is calculated in accordance with the following 
formulae:  
 
on Valuation Date(0): 
 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
 
on each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) -
1) + (1-Leverage) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date 
immediately following an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be deemed to 
be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants). 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Level or LSL(i,v)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the 
latest level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), 
as such level may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of 
Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Level will be determined in accordance 
with Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation 
Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level 
as of such Calculation Time(v) is calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-1)) 
-1) + (1-Leverage) x Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such 
day in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) - (Leverage / (Leverage - 1)) x %RepoRate(i)

--- Page 244 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
244 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of 
the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments 
and provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such 
Underlying. 
 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v),  
 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an 
Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a 
Commodity, or a Commodity Index]  
 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and 
Calculation Time(v).] 
 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the 
Underlying published on the relevant [Exchange] [Price Source] 
[provide details on relevant source] as of such Valuation Date (i) and 
Calculation Time (v).] 
Calculation Time  
means with respect to the Underlying, any time between the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, provided that 
the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation Agent to 
determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
 
 
3.1.4.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions 
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
 
Underlying 
Distributions, 
or 
Dist(i1,i2)  
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary 
Distributions paid in respect of the Underlying, which have an ex date 
between (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included). 
 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency 
of the Underlying, this Gross Ordinary Distribution will be converted 
into such currency by the Calculation Agent using the latest available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation 
Date(i) by the FXSource. If no such rate is available on the Valuation 
Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be 
the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the 
Underlying following such Valuation Date(i), as published by the 
FXSource, or any successor service or page used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.] 
 
 
3.1.4.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day which corresponds 
to the Intraday Restrike Event immediately preceding the Calculation 
Time(v). 
 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the following formula: 
 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) - %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) 
means: 
 
(1)    if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, then: 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i')

--- Page 245 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
245 
 
(2)    or otherwise: 
 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i') 
Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment 
for 
Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event 
has occurred at a Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an 
adjustment 
(an 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment 
for 
Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) 
in accordance with the following provisions. 
 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be 
suspended during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period and 
resume in accordance with Condition 3.1.4.5.4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants within 
15 minutes following the end of such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the 
Calculation Resume Time and the day on which such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end 
of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 15 
minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday Restrike 
Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing which immediately follows the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, 
LSCL(CRD) and LSL(CRD,v) will be determined as follows:  
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day 
following the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according to the following 
formula: 
 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD,v) / 
AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 - Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 
DayCountBasisRate) 
 
and at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD) / 
AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 - Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 
DayCountBasisRate) 
 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day 
immediately preceding (i') in which case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') 
and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time on such 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) 
the Valuation Date which immediately precedes (i') in which case 
i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
 
Intraday 
Reference 
Level 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the 
Underlying level as of (1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time preceding and excluding such Calculation Time(v) or (2) if no 
Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of 
the Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event  
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a Calculation 
Time(v) of the Underlying level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on 
and excluding the Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and 
including the time falling 15 minutes after the Intraday Restrike Event 
Time.  
 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that (1) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the

--- Page 246 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
246 
level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor 
or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for 
any type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index 
or a SGI Index) the Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for 
continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period 
will be extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying is 
an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and 
disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or the Underlying Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any type of Underlying 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for continuous trading 
for an aggregate period of 15 minutes.  
 
If the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period would not end by the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day will not be a Valuation Date for 
the purposes of determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, 
except (a) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of 
calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts 
thereof) with respect to any previous Intraday Restrike Event that has 
occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period shall be extended to the following Valuation Date 
to the extent necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that (a) 
(if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying 
is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the 
Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type 
of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI 
Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for 
continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period only, the Exchange shall not be considered to be 
open for continuous trading during its closing auction period (as 
provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Day  
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the day on which the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Time  
Means[, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Calculation Time on which the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches 
its lowest value during such period] [the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period]. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time 
on which such event occurs. 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
(1)    where, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more 
Intraday Restrike Event Times have previously occurred with an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurring on (i'), then (with 
the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, immediately 
preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) / 
Price(i',v1)) - 1)) 
 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance with Condition 3.1.4.5.4 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants but with "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
 
(2)    in circumstances other than those set out in (1):

--- Page 247 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
247 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF)) x (1 + Leverage x 
((Price(i',VREF(v)) / AdjPrice(i(REF))) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i') / DayCountBasisRate)) 
 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then 
LSL(i'',v1); or otherwise LSCL(i'-1). 
 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time weighted average price of the Underlying during the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
 
VREF(v)  
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, 
and excluding, Calculation Time(v). 
 
  
3.1.5    Fixed Leverage Bull – Multiplicative Formula 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.5, the following applies: 
 
3.1.5.0    Product Description 
 
-    This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
      -   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
-    Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
The strategy to which the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged exposure to the 
Underlying with a leverage factor "Leverage" and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into account 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
 
3.1.5.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is lower] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(i);0) 
 
3.1.5.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
 
3.1.5.3    Variable Data: 
 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency  
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial

--- Page 248 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
248 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.1.5.4    Applicable Rates: 
 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%DistRate  
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%SpreadLevel  
 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
 
3.1.5.5    Specific Definition(s): 
 
3.1.5.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days between the Valuation Date(i-1) 
(included) and the Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as 
published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate 
is available on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the 
BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency following such 
day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto.   
Hedging Fees 
Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
 
Product(for t from 1 to i) (1 –(%CommissionRate + 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(t) +%CollatCostRate(i) + %QuantoRate(i)) x 
(ACT(t-1;t)) / DayCountBasisCommission) 
 
 
3.1.5.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1)  
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the following 
formula: 
 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
 
CashRate 
or 
CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i):  
 
(1)    the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or 
 
(2)    the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of 
RateOvernight dated as of such Valuation Date(i), 
 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if 
in the case of (2) above RateOvernight is not displayed on the 
RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any successor service or 
page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining 
such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate 
is, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be 
discontinued (such rate then being the Discontinued Rate) then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a 
successor rate for such Discontinued Rate which offers similar 
economic characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate exists, (b) 
on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale would charge or be

--- Page 249 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
249 
charged to borrow cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an 
overnight basis. 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such 
Valuation Date(i) is calculated in accordance with the following 
formulae:  
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-1)) 
-1) + (1-Leverage) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / DayCountBasisRate),0) 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date 
immediately following an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be deemed to 
be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo 
Warrants). 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Level or LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the 
latest level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), 
as such level may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of 
Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Level will be determined in accordance 
with Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation 
Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level 
as of such Calculation Time(v) is calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-
1)) -1) + (1-Leverage) x Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / 
DayCountBasisRate),0) 
 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of 
such day in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) + %SpreadLevel(i) 
 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of 
the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments 
and provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such 
Underlying. 
 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v),

--- Page 250 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
250 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an 
Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a 
Commodity, or a Commodity Index]  
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and 
Calculation Time(v).] 
 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the 
Underlying 
published 
on 
the 
relevant 
[Exchange] 
[Price 
Source][provide details on relevant source] as of such Valuation Date 
(i) and Calculation Time (v).] 
 
Calculation Time  
means with respect to the Underlying, any time between the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, provided 
that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation Agent to 
determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
 
3.1.5.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions 
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
 
Underlying 
Distributions, 
or 
Dist(i1,i2) 
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary 
Distributions, paid in respect of the Underlying, which have an ex date 
between (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included). 
 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency 
of the Underlying, this Gross Ordinary Distribution will be converted 
into such currency by the Calculation Agent using the latest available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation 
Date(i) by the FXSource. If no such rate is available on the Valuation 
Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be 
the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the 
Underlying following such Valuation Date(i), as published by the 
FXSource, or any successor service or page used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.] 
 
3.1.5.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day which corresponds 
to the Intraday Restrike Event immediately preceding the Calculation 
Time(v). 
 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the following formula: 
 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) - %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
 
AdjPrice(i(REF))  
means,   
 
(1)    if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i') 
 
otherwise: 
 
(2)    AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i'). 
Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment 
for 
Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event 
has occurred at a Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an 
adjustment 
(an 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment 
for 
Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) 
in accordance with the following provisions.

--- Page 251 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
251 
 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be 
suspended during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period and 
resume in accordance with Condition 3.1.5.5.4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants within 
15 minutes following the end of such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the 
Calculation Resume Time and the day on which such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end 
of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 15 
minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday Restrike 
Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing which immediately follows the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, 
LSCL(CRD) and LSL(CRD,v) will be determined as follows: 
  
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day 
following the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according to the following 
formula: 
 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD,v) / 
AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 - Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 
DayCountBasisRate) 
 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(CRD) / 
AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 - Leverage) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 
DayCountBasisRate) 
 
 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day 
immediately preceding (i') in which case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') 
and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time on such 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) 
the Valuation Date which immediately precedes (i') in which case 
i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
 
Intraday 
Reference 
Level  
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the 
Underlying level as of (1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time preceding and excluding such Calculation Time(v) or (2) if no 
Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of 
the Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event  
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation 
Time(v) of the Underlying level below the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on 
and excluding the Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and 
including the time falling 15 minutes after the Intraday Restrike Event 
Time.  
 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that (1) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the 
level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor 
or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for 
any type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index 
or a SGI Index) the Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for 
continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period 
will be extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying is 
an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and 
disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying

--- Page 252 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
252 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any type of 
Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI 
Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for 
continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes.  
 
If the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period would not end by the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day will not be a Valuation Date for 
the purposes of determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, 
except (a) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of 
calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts 
thereof) with respect to any previous Intraday Restrike Event that has 
occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period shall be extended to the following Valuation Date 
to the extent necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that (a) 
(if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying 
is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the 
Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type 
of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI 
Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for 
continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period only, the Exchange shall not be considered to be 
open for continuous trading during its closing auction period (as 
provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Day  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the day on which the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Time  
means [in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Calculation Time on which the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches 
its lowest value during such period][the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period]. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time 
on which such event occurs. 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
(1)    where, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more 
Intraday Restrike Event Times have previously occurred with an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurring on (i'), then (with 
the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time immediately 
preceding VREF(v) being "v1"): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) 
/Price(i',v1)) - 1)) 
 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance with Condition 3.1.5.5.4 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants but with "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
 
(2)     In circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF)) x (1 + Leverage x 
((Price(i',VREF(v)) / AdjPrice(i(REF))) -1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i') / DayCountBasisRate)) 
 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then 
LSL(i'',v1); or otherwise LSCL(i'-1). 
 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time weighted average price of the Underlying during the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.]

--- Page 253 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
253 
 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, 
and excluding, Calculation Time(v). 
 
 
3.1.6    Fixed Leverage on Futures - Methodology 2 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.6, the following applies: 
 
3.1.6.0    Product Description 
 
-     This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
      -   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
-     Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
The strategy to which the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged exposure to 
the price of the future contract with a Leverage factor "Leverage" and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the price of the future contract is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take 
into account the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
 
3.1.6.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is lower] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(i);0) 
 
3.1.6.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
 
3.1.6.3    Variable Data: 
 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency  
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
BSCLInitial 
ContractTable1 
ContractTable2 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
RollEndDate  
RollStartDate 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
TRUSCLInitial 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below.

--- Page 254 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
254 
 
3.1.6.4    Applicable Rates: 
 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%MarginCost  
 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
 
3.1.6.5    Specific Definition(s): 
 
3.1.6.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days between the Valuation Date(i-1) 
(included) and the Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
FX(i) 
 means, for any Valuation Date(i), the closing spot exchange rate to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in 
respect of such Valuation Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or 
any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such Valuation 
Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available closing spot exchange rate to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
following such day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor 
thereto or, in the absence of such successor, such other primary 
source as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
 
Hedging Fees 
Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
 
Product(for 
t 
from 
1 
to 
i) 
(1 
–(%CommissionRate(t-1) 
+ 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) +%CollatCostRate(t-1) + %QuantoRate(t-
1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission)) 
 
 
3.1.6.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), a basket of 
contracts, the contracts being allocated and selected according to the 
definitions of CActive or Active Future Contract, CNextActive or Next 
Active Future Contract and CRW(i) below. 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
BSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the closing level of the Benchmark 
Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i), calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
BSCL(i) = BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CSL(i,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CSL(i,CNextActive)) / (CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
 
With BSCL(0) = BSCLInitial 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Level or BSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the level of 
the Benchmark Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) and such 
Calculation Time(v), calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
BSL(i,v)= BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CL(i,v,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CL(i,v,CNextActive)) / (CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
 
CashRate 
or 
CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the rate calculated as follows: 
 
[if Option 3-Month US T-Bill Discount Rate is applicable]

--- Page 255 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
255 
 
[CashRate(i) = (1 / (1 - (91/DayCountBasisRate) x TBDR(i-1)))^(1/91) 
- 1 
 
Where TBDR(i-1) means the latest discount rate of the 3-Month US 
Treasury Bill as displayed on  "USB3MTA Index" Bloomberg Page (or, 
if applicable, any successor service or page used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such rate) as of Valuation Date 
(i-1)  
 
PROVIDED THAT if TBDR is not displayed on the  "USB3MTA Index" 
Bloomberg Page (or, if applicable, any successor service or page used 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such rate) for 
a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such 
rate then being theDiscontinued Rate) then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a successor rate for such 
Discontinued Rate which offers similar economic characteristics to the 
Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such 
successor rate exists, (b)  on the basis of the cost that Societe 
Generale would charge or be charged to borrow cash in the 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.] 
 
[If Option Other Rate is applicable] 
 
[ 
 
(3)    the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i) divided 
by DayCountBasisRate; or  
 
(4)    the last available level displayed of RateOvernight divided by 
DayCountBasisRate, if a level of RateOvernight dated as of such 
Valuation Date(i), 
 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED 
THAT if in the case of (2) above RateOvernight is not displayed on the 
RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any successor service or 
page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining 
such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate 
is, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be 
discontinued (such rate then being the "Discontinued Rate") then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a 
successor rate for such Discontinued Rate which offers similar 
economic characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no such successor rate exists, (b)  on the basis 
of the cost that Societe Generale would charge or be charged to borrow 
cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.] 
 
CActive 
or 
Active 
Future Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the active future contract to be used 
when calculating the Benchmark Strategy Closing Level or the 
Benchmark Strategy Level as of such Valuation Date(i).  
The Active Future Contract is determined in accordance with the 
following roll schedule: 
 
[insert the ContractTable1] 
 
CNextActive or Next 
Active 
Future 
Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the next active future contract to be 
used when calculating the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level or the 
Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Valuation Date(i). 
The Next Active Future Contract is determined in accordance with the 
following roll schedule: 
 
[insert the ContractTable2] 
 
CRW(i) 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) occurring in a particular month, 
the percentage of the Active Future Contract used in the calculation of

--- Page 256 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
256 
the Benchmark Strategy Closing Level on a Valuation Date (i) 
determined as the following: 
 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs before a RollStartDate in the relevant month: 
CRW(i) = 100% 
 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs in the period from, and including, a 
RollStartDate to, and including a RollEndDate in the relevant month[, 
then this Valuation Date(i) will be a Rolling Date as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants and]: 
 
CRW(i) = 100% x DayCount(i ; RollEndDate) / 
DayCount(RollStartDate ; RollEndDate) 
 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs after a RollEndDate in the relevant month: 
 
CRW(i) = 0% 
 
Contract Settlement 
Level or CSL(i,C) 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), and a contract (C), the [Commodity] 
Reference Price of the contract (C), calculated and published by the 
Exchange, as of the Valuation Date(i). 
 
Total 
Return 
Unleveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level or TRUSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the total return closing level of the 
unleveraged strategy as of such Valuation Date(i), calculated in 
accordance with the following formulae: 
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
TRUSCL(0) = TRUSCLInitial 
 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
 
TRUSCL(i) = TRUSCL(i-1) x (BSCL(i)/BSCL(i-1) + ACT(i-1;i) x 
Rate(i)) 
 
Total 
Return 
Unleveraged 
Strategy 
Level 
or 
TRUSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the total 
return level of the unleveraged strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) 
and such Calculation Time(v), calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
TRUSL(i,v) = TRLUSCL(i-1) x (BSL(i,v)/BSCL(i-1) + ACT(i-1;i) x 
Rate(i-1)) 
 
Intraday 
Contract 
Level or CL(i, v, C) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), Calculation Time(v) and 
contract (C), the Intraday Price of the contract as of such Valuation 
Date (i) and Calculation Time (v). 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance with the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below. 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level will be determined in 
accordance with the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below), for each Valuation 
Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation 
Date(i) is calculated in accordance with the following formulae:  
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i):

--- Page 257 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
257 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x (TRUSCL(i) / TRUSCL(i-
1) – 1) – (Leverage  - 1) x Rate(i) xACT(i-1;i)); 0) 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date 
immediately following an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be deemed to 
be references to (i') (as defined in the paragraph titled "Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below). 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Level or LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the 
latest level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), 
as such level may be adjusted in accordance with the paragraph titled 
"Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Level will be determined in accordance 
with the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for 
Performance Reasons" below), for each Valuation Date(i) and each 
Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such 
Calculation Time(v) is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x (TRUSL(i,v) / TRLSCL(i-
1) – 1) – (Leverage  - 1) x Rate(i-1)) ; 0) 
 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such 
day in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) - %MarginCost(i) 
 
Rolling Dates(s) 
means, in respect of each month, each period from a RollStartDate 
(included) up to following RollEndDate (included). 
 
Calculation Time 
means with respect to the Underlying and a Valuation Time(i), any time 
between the TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, 
provided that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
DayCount( i1 ; i2 ) 
means the number of Valuation Dates between Valuation Date(i1) 
(included) and Valuation Date(i2) (included). 
Underlying Level 
Means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the 
Benchmark Strategy Level as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation 
Time(v). 
 
3.1.6.5.3 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
 
(i') 
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day which corresponds 
to the Intraday Restrike Event immediately preceding the Calculation 
Time(v). 
 
Adj_TRUSL(i’) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
 
Adj_TRUSL(i’) = TRUSL(i',VREF(v)) 
 
Adj_TRUSL(i(REF)) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
 
(1)    if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day and, then: 
 
Adj_TRUSL(i(REF)) = TRUSL(i'',v1) 
 
(2)    or otherwise:

--- Page 258 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
258 
 
Adj_TRUSL(i(REF)) =  TRUSCL(i'-1) 
 
Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment 
for Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event 
has occurred at a Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an 
adjustment 
(an 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment 
for 
Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation 
Date(i) in accordance with the following provisions. 
 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be 
suspended during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period and 
resume within 15 minutes following the end of such Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the 
Calculation Resume Time and the day on which such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). For the purposes 
of the determination of Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for 
Performance Reasons and the corresponding Leveraged Strategy 
Level, references to dates (i) shall be read as references to dates 
(CRD) where expressly indicated. Should the end of the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 15 minutes before 
the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Day, 
the 
Calculation 
Resume 
Time 
shall 
be 
the 
TimeReferenceClosing which immediately follows the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, 
LSCL(CRD) and LSL(CRD,v) will be determined as follows:  
 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day 
following the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Leveraged Strategy Level is calculated according to the following 
formula: 
 
LSL(CRD,v) = Max(LSL(i',VREF(v))x (1 + Leverage x 
(TRUSL(CRD,v) / Adj_TRUSL(i’) – 1) – (Leverage  - 1) x Rate(’'-1) x 
ACT(i’,CRD) ; 0) 
 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
 
LSL(CRD) = Max(LSL(i',VREF(v))x (1 + Leverage x 
(TRLUSCL(CRD) / Adj_TRUSL(i’) – 1) – (Leverage  - 1) x Rate(i’) x 
ACT(i’,CRD) ) ; 0) 
 
i(REF) 
means the latest of the (1) Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day 
immediately preceding (i’) in which case i(REF) is referred to as (i’’) 
and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time on such 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) (2) the 
Valuation Date which immediately precedes (i’) in which case i(REF) 
is referred to as (i'-1). 
 
Intraday Reference 
Level 
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), (1) 
the Underlying Level as of the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time preceding and excluding such Calculation Time(v) or (2) if no 
Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the Benchmark 
Strategy Closing Level on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday Restrike 
Event 
If Leverage > 0: 
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation 
Time(v) of the ratio of the Underlying Level to the Intraday Reference 
Level below the DailyRestrikePercentage of the relevant Intraday 
Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
If Leverage < 0: 
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a Calculation 
Time(v) of the ratio of the Underlying Level to the Intraday Reference

--- Page 259 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
259 
Level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of the relevant Intraday 
Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on 
and excluding the Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and 
including the time falling 15 minutes after the Intraday Restrike Event 
Time.  
 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Exchange is not open for continuous trading, the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period will be extended to the 
extent necessary until the Exchange is open for continuous trading for 
an aggregate period of 15 minutes.  
 
If the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period would not end by the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day will not be a Valuation Date for 
the purposes of determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, 
except (a) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i’,VREF(v)) (and the 
constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the applicable Intraday 
Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i’,VREF(v)) 
(and the constituent parts thereof) with respect to any previous 
Intraday Restrike Event that has occurred on such day, if any; and (2) 
such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period shall be extended to 
the following Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Exchange is open for 
continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period only, the Exchange shall not be considered to be 
open for continuous trading during its closing auction period (as 
provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Intraday Restrike 
Event Reference Day 
 
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the day on which the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Time 
means [, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Calculation Time on which the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches 
its lowest value during such period.] 
 
[the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period] 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Time 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time 
on which such event occurs. 
 
LSL(i’,VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
(1)    where, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more 
Intraday Restrike Event Times have previously occurred with an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurring on (i’), then (with 
the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, immediately 
preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = Max(LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage x 
(TRUSL(i',VREF(v)) / TRUSL(i',v1) – 1)) ; 0) 
 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance with Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons but with "VREF(v)" 
replaced by "v1". 
 
(2)    in circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = Max(LSLREF(i(REF))  x (1 + Leverage x 
(TRUSL(i',VREF(v)) / Adj_TRUSL(i(REF))) – 1) + (1-Leverage) x 
Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i'))) ; 0)

--- Page 260 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
260 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then 
LSL(i'',v1); or otherwise LSCL(i'-1). 
 
[TRUSL(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time weighted average price of the Total Return 
Unleveraged Strategy Level during the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period.] 
 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, 
and excluding, Calculation Time(v). 
 
 
3.1.7    Fixed Leverage on Futures - Methodology 3 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.7, the following applies: 
 
3.1.7.0    Product Description 
 
-      This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
-   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price relies 
on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
The strategy to which the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged exposure to 
the price of the future contract with a Leverage factor "Leverage" and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the price of the future contract is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take 
into account the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
 
3.1.7.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is lower] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(i);0) 
 
3.1.7.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
 
3.1.7.3    Variable Data: 
 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency  
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
BSCLInitial 
ContractTable1 
ContractTable2 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
ERLSCLInitial  
FXSource 
InitialValue 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
RateOvernight

--- Page 261 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
261 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
RollEndDate  
RollStartDate 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.1.7.4    Applicable Rates: 
 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%MarginCost  
 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
 
3.1.7.5    Specific Definition(s): 
 
3.1.7.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days between the Valuation Date(i-1) 
(included) and the Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the closing spot exchange rate to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency in 
respect of such Valuation Date(i), as published by the FXSource, or 
any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on such Valuation 
Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available closing spot exchange rate to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
following such day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor 
thereto or, in the absence of such successor, such other primary 
source as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate. 
 
Hedging Fees 
Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
 
Product(for t from 1 to i) (1 –(%CommissionRate(t-1) + 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) +%CollatCostRate(t-1) + 
%QuantoRate(t-1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission)) 
 
 
3.1.7.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), a basket of 
contracts, the contracts being allocated and selected according to the 
definitions of CActive or Active Future Contract, CNextActive or Next 
Active Future Contract and CRW(i) below. 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
BSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the closing level of the Benchmark 
Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i), calculated in accordance with 
the following formula: 
 
BSCL(i) = BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CSL(i,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CSL(i,CNextActive)) / (CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
 
With BSCL(0) = BSCLInitial 
 
Benchmark Strategy 
Level or BSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the level of 
the Benchmark Strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) and such 
Calculation Time(v), calculated in accordance with the following 
formula:

--- Page 262 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
262 
BSL(i,v)= BSCL(i-1) x ((CRW(i) x CL(i,v,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CL(i,v,CNextActive)) / (CRW(i) x CSL(i-1,CActive) + (1 - CRW(i)) x 
CSL(i-1,CNextActive))) 
 
CashRate 
or 
CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the rate calculated as follows: 
 
[if Option 3-Month US T-Bill Discount Rate is applicable] 
 
[CashRate(i) = (1 / (1 - (91/DayCountBasisRate) x TBDR(i-1)))^(1/91) 
- 1 
 
Where TBDR(i-1) means the latest discount rate of the 3-Month US 
Treasury Bill as displayed on  "USB3MTA Index" Bloomberg Page (or, 
if applicable, any successor service or page used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such rate) as of Valuation Date 
(i-1)  
 
PROVIDED THAT if TBDR is not displayed on the  "USB3MTA Index" 
Bloomberg Page (or, if applicable, any successor service or page used 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining such rate) for 
a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate is, in the opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be discontinued (such 
rate then being the "Discontinued Rate") then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a successor rate for such 
Discontinued Rate which offers similar economic characteristics to the 
Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation Agent determines that no such 
successor rate exists, (b)  on the basis of the cost that Societe 
Generale would charge or be charged to borrow cash in the 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.] 
 
[If Option Other Rate is applicable] 
 
[ 
(1)    the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i) divided 
by DayCountBasisRate; or  
 
(2)    the last available level displayed of RateOvernight divided by 
DayCountBasisRate, if a level of RateOvernight dated as of such 
Valuation Date(i), 
 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED 
THAT if in the case of (2) above RateOvernight is not displayed on the 
RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any successor service or 
page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining 
such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate 
is, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be 
discontinued (such rate then being the "Discontinued Rate") then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a 
successor rate for such Discontinued Rate which offers similar 
economic characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no such successor rate exists, (b)  on the basis 
of the cost that Societe Generale would charge or be charged to borrow 
cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis.] 
 
CActive 
or 
Active 
Future Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the active future contract to be used 
when calculating the Benchmark Strategy Closing Level or the 
Benchmark Strategy Level as of such Valuation Date(i).  
 
The Active Future Contract is determined in accordance with the 
following roll schedule: 
 
[insert the ContractTable1] 
 
CNextActive or Next 
Active 
Future 
Contract 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), the next active future contract to be 
used when calculating the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level or the 
Leveraged Strategy Level as of such Valuation Date(i).

--- Page 263 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
263 
 
The Next Active Future Contract is determined in accordance with the 
following roll schedule: 
 
[insert the ContractTable2] 
 
CRW(i) 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) occurring in a particular month, 
the percentage of the Active Future Contract used in the calculation of 
the Benchmark Strategy Closing Level on a Valuation Date (i) 
determined as the following: 
 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs before a RollStartDate in the relevant month: 
 
CRW(i) = 100% 
 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs in the period from, and including, a 
RollStartDate to, and including a RollEndDate in the relevant month[, 
then this Valuation Date(i) will be a Rolling Date as defined in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants and]: 
 
CRW(i) = 100% x DayCount(i ; RollEndDate) / 
DayCount(RollStartDate ; RollEndDate) 
 
If Valuation Date(i) occurs after a RollEndDate in the relevant month: 
 
CRW(i) = 0% 
 
Contract Settlement 
Level or CSL(i,C) 
means, for each Valuation Date(i), and a contract (C), the [Commodity] 
Reference Price of the contract (C), calculated and published by the 
Exchange, as of the Valuation Date(i). 
 
Excess 
Return 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
ERLSCL(i) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i), the total return closing level of the 
unleveraged strategy as of such Valuation Date(i), calculated in 
accordance with the following formulae: 
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
ERLSCL(0) = ERLSCLInitial 
 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
 
ERLSCL(i) = Max(ERLSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((BSCL(i) / BSCL(i-
1)) -1)) ; 0) 
 
Excess 
Return 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Level or ERLSL(i,v) 
Means, for each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v), the total 
return level of the unleveraged strategy as of such Valuation Date(i) 
and such Calculation Time(v), calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
ERLSL(i,v) = Max(ERLSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage x ((BSL(i,v) / BSCL(i-
1)) -1)) ; 0) 
 
Intraday 
Contract 
Level or CL(i, v, C) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), Calculation Time(v) and 
contract (C), the Intraday Price of the contract as of such Valuation 
Date (i) and Calculation Time (v). 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance with the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level will be determined in

--- Page 264 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
264 
accordance with the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy 
Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below), for each Valuation 
Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such Valuation 
Date(i) is calculated in accordance with the following formulae:  
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
 
LSCL(i) = LSCL(i-1) x (1  +  (ERLSCL(i) / ERLSCL(i-1) – 1) + Rate(i-
1) x ACT(i-1,i)) 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date 
immediately following an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be deemed to 
be references to (i') (as defined in the paragraph titled "Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below). 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Level or LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the 
latest level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), 
as such level may be adjusted in accordance with the paragraph titled 
"Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons" below. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Level will be determined in accordance 
with the paragraph titled "Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for 
Performance Reasons" below), for each Valuation Date(i) and each 
Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level as of such 
Calculation Time(v) is calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
LSL(i,v) = LSL(i-1) x (1  +  (ERLSL(i,v) / ERLSCL(i-1) – 1) + Rate(i-1) 
x ACT(i-1,i)) 
 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such 
day in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) - %MarginCost(i) 
 
Rolling Dates(s) 
means, in respect of each month, each period from a RollStartDate 
(included) up to following RollEndDate (included). 
 
Calculation Time 
means with respect to the Underlying and a Valuation Time(i), any time 
between the TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, 
provided that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
 
DayCount( i1 ; i2 ) 
means the number of Valuation Dates between Valuation Date(i1) 
(included) and Valuation Date(i2) (included). 
 
Underlying Level 
Means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the 
Benchmark Strategy Level as of such Valuation Date(i) and Calculation 
Time(v). 
 
 
3.1.7.5.3 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
 
(i') 
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day which corresponds 
to the Intraday Restrike Event immediately preceding the Calculation 
Time(v).

--- Page 265 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
265 
 
Adj_ERLSL (i’) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
 
Adj_ ERLSL (i’) = ERLSL(i',VREF(v)) 
 
Adj_ERLSL (i(REF)) 
Means, in respect of a contract (C): 
 
(1)    if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day and, 
then: 
 
Adj_ERLSL(i(REF)) = ERLSL(i'',v1) 
 
(2)    or otherwise: 
 
Adj_ERLSL(i(REF)) =  ERLSL(i'-1) 
 
Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment 
for 
Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event 
has occurred at a Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an 
adjustment 
(an 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment 
for 
Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) 
in accordance with the following provisions. 
 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be 
suspended during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period and 
resume within 15 minutes following the end of such Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the 
Calculation Resume Time and the day on which such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). For the purposes 
of the determination of Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for 
Performance Reasons and the corresponding Leveraged Strategy 
Level, references to dates (i) shall be read as references to dates 
(CRD) where expressly indicated. Should the end of the Intraday 
Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 15 minutes before 
the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Day, 
the 
Calculation 
Resume 
Time 
shall 
be 
the 
TimeReferenceClosing which immediately follows the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, 
LSCL(CRD) and LSL(CRD,v) will be determined as follows: 
  
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day 
following the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Leveraged Strategy Level is calculated according to the following 
formula: 
 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + (ERLSL(CRD,v) / Adj_ 
ERLSL(i’) – 1) + Rate(i’) x ACT(i’,CRD) ) 
 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
 
LSL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + (ERLSCL(CRD) / Adj_ ERLSL(i’) 
– 1) + Rate(i’) x ACT(i’,CRD) ) 
 
i(REF) 
means the latest of the (1) Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day 
immediately preceding (i’) in which case i(REF) is referred to as (i’’) 
and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time on such 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) (2) the 
Valuation Date which immediately precedes (i’) in which case i(REF) 
is referred to as (i'-1). 
 
Intraday Reference 
Level 
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), (1) 
the Underlying Level as of the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time preceding and excluding such Calculation Time(v) or (2) if no

--- Page 266 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
266 
Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the Benchmark 
Strategy Closing Level on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
If Leverage > 0: 
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation 
Time(v) of the ratio of the Underlying Level to the Intraday Reference 
Level below the DailyRestrikePercentage of the relevant Intraday 
Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
If Leverage < 0: 
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a Calculation 
Time(v) of the ratio of the Underlying Level to the Intraday Reference 
Level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of the relevant Intraday 
Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on 
and excluding the Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and 
including the time falling 15 minutes after the Intraday Restrike Event 
Time.  
 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Exchange is not open for continuous trading, the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period will be extended to the 
extent necessary until the Exchange is open for continuous trading for 
an aggregate period of 15 minutes.  
 
If the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period would not end by the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day will not be a Valuation Date for 
the purposes of determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, 
except (a) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i’,VREF(v)) (and the 
constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the applicable Intraday 
Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i’,VREF(v)) 
(and the constituent parts thereof) with respect to any previous 
Intraday Restrike Event that has occurred on such day, if any; and (2) 
such Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period shall be extended to 
the following Valuation Date to the extent necessary until the 
Calculation Agent determines that the Exchange is open for 
continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period only, the Exchange shall not be considered to be 
open for continuous trading during its closing auction period (as 
provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Intraday Restrike 
Event Reference Day 
 
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the day on which the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Time 
means [, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Calculation Time on which the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches 
its lowest value during such period.] 
[the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period] 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Time 
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time 
on which such event occurs. 
 
LSL(i’,VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
(1)    where, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more 
Intraday Restrike Event Times have previously occurred with an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurring on (i’), then (with 
the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, immediately 
preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + (ERLSL(i',VREF(v)) / ERLSL 
(i',v1) – 1))

--- Page 267 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
267 
 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance with Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons but with "VREF(v)" 
replaced by "v1". 
 
(2)    in circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF))  x (1 + (ERLSL(i',VREF(v)) / Adj_ 
ERLSL(i(REF))) – 1) + Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i')) 
 
[ERLSL(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time weighted average price of the Excess Return 
Leveraged Strategy Level during the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period.] 
 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then 
LSL(i'',v1); or otherwise LSCL(i'-1). 
 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, 
and excluding, Calculation Time(v). 
 
 
3.1.8    Fixed Leverage Bear – Multiplicative Formula and adjusted leverage  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.8, the following applies: 
 
3.1.8.0    Product Description 
 
-      This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
      -   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
The strategy to which the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged short exposure 
to the Underlying with a leverage factor (Leverage(i)) and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into account 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
 
The leverage embedded in the Leveraged Strategy is revised daily taking into account the target volatility of the Underlying and the 
realised volatility of the Underlying 
 
3.1.8.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is lower] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
 
3.1.8.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
 
3.1.8.3    Variable Data: 
 
BarrierLevelAutocall  
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency  
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP

--- Page 268 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
268 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
Basis 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
LeverageInitial 
Leverage_Cap 
Leverage_Floor 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
N 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
Target_Volatility 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.1.8.4    Applicable Rates: 
 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%DistRate  
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%RepoRate  
 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
 
3.1.8.5    Specific Definition(s): 
 
3.1.8.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days between the Valuation Date(i-1) 
(included) and the Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as 
published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate 
is available on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the 
BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency following such 
day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. 
 
Hedging Fees 
Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
 
Product(for t from 1 to i) (1 –(%CommissionRate(t-1) + 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) +%CollatCostRate(t-1) + 
%QuantoRate(t-1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission)) 
 
 
3.1.8.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy 
 
AdjPrice(i-1) 
 
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the following 
formula: 
 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
 
CashRate 
or 
CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i):

--- Page 269 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
269 
(1)    the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or  
 
(2)    the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of 
RateOvernight dated as of such Valuation Date(i), 
 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if 
in the case of (2) above RateOvernight is not displayed on the 
RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any successor service or 
page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining 
such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate 
is, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be 
discontinued (such rate then being the "Discontinued Rate") then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a 
successor rate for such Discontinued Rate which offers similar 
economic characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no such successor rate exists, (b) on the basis 
of the cost that Societe Generale would charge or be charged to 
borrow cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an overnight basis. 
 
Leverage(i) 
Leverage(0) means LeverageInitial 
 
For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), Leverage(i) shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[Leverage(i) = Leverage(i-1) x Max(Leverage_Floor ; 
Min(Leverage_Cap ; Target_Volatility / Realized Volatility(i)))] 
 
[Leverage(i) = Leverage(i-1) x Max(Leverage_Floor ; 
Min(Leverage_Cap ; Realized Volatility(i)  /Target_Volatility))] 
 
Where ; 
 
Realized Volatility(i) = ((1/N) x Sum(t from 0 to N-1) ((LN(Price(i-t) / 
Price(i-t-1))^2) x Basis / ACT(t-i-1 ; t-i))) ^(0.5) 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
LSCL(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such 
Valuation Date(i) is calculated in accordance with the following 
formulae:  
 
on Valuation Date(0): 
 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
 
on each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage(i) x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-
1)) -1) + (1-Leverage(i)) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / 
DayCountBasisRate),0) 
 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date 
immediately following an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be deemed 
to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants). 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Level or LSL(i,v)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the 
latest level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v),

--- Page 270 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
270 
as such level may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of 
Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Level will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged 
Strategy Level as of such Calculation Time(v) is calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage(i) x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-
1)) -1) + (1-Leverage(i)) x Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / 
DayCountBasisRate),0) 
 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of such 
day in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) - (Leverage(i) / (Leverage(i) - 1)) x 
%RepoRate(i) 
 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of 
the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments 
and provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such 
Underlying. 
 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v),  
 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an 
Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a 
Commodity, or a Commodity Index]  
 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and 
Calculation Time(v).] 
 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the 
Underlying published on the relevant [Exchange] [Price Source] 
[provide details on relevant source] as of such Valuation Date (i) and 
Calculation Time (v).] 
Calculation Time  
means with respect to the Underlying, any time between the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, provided that 
the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation Agent to 
determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
 
 
3.1.8.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions 
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i) 
 
Underlying 
Distributions, 
or 
Dist(i1,i2)  
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary 
Distributions paid in respect of the Underlying, which have an ex date 
between (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included). 
 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency 
of the Underlying, this Gross Ordinary Distribution will be converted 
into such currency by the Calculation Agent using the latest available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation 
Date(i) by the FXSource. If no such rate is available on the Valuation 
Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be

--- Page 271 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
271 
the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the 
Underlying following such Valuation Date(i), as published by the 
FXSource, or any successor service or page used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.]

--- Page 272 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
272 
3.1.8.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day which corresponds 
to the Intraday Restrike Event immediately preceding the Calculation 
Time(v). 
 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the following formula: 
 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) - %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) 
means: 
 
(1)    if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, then: 
 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i') 
 
(2)    or otherwise: 
 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i') 
 
Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment 
for 
Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event 
has occurred at a Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an 
adjustment 
(an 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment 
for 
Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) 
in accordance with the following provisions. 
 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be 
suspended during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period and 
resume in accordance with Condition 3.1.8.5.4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants within 
15 minutes following the end of such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the 
Calculation Resume Time and the day on which such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end 
of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 15 
minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday Restrike 
Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing which immediately follows the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, 
LSCL(CRD) and LSL(CRD,v) will be determined as follows:  
 
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day 
following the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according to the following 
formula: 
 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage(CRD) x 
((Price(CRD,v) / AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 - Leverage(CRD)) x Rate(i') x 
ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
 
and at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage(CRD) x ((Price(CRD) 
/ AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 - Leverage(CRD)) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 
DayCountBasisRate) 
 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day 
immediately preceding (i') in which case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') 
and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time on such 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) 
the Valuation Date which immediately precedes (i') in which case 
i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1).

--- Page 273 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
273 
Intraday 
Reference 
Level 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the 
Underlying level as of (1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time preceding and excluding such Calculation Time(v) or (2) if no 
Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of 
the Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event  
means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the increase at a Calculation 
Time(v) of the Underlying level above the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on 
and excluding the Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and 
including the time falling 15 minutes after the Intraday Restrike Event 
Time.  
 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that (1) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the 
level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor 
or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for 
any type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index 
or a SGI Index) the Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for 
continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period 
will be extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying is 
an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and 
disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or the Underlying Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any type of Underlying 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI Index) the 
Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for continuous trading 
for an aggregate period of 15 minutes.  
 
If the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period would not end by the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day will not be a Valuation Date for 
the purposes of determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, 
except (a) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of 
calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts 
thereof) with respect to any previous Intraday Restrike Event that has 
occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period shall be extended to the following Valuation Date 
to the extent necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that (a) 
(if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying 
is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the 
Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type 
of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI 
Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for 
continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes. 
 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period only, the Exchange shall not be considered to be 
open for continuous trading during its closing auction period (as 
provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Day  
means, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the day on which the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Time  
Means [in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Calculation Time on which the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches 
its lowest value during such period] [the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period]. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time 
on which such event occurs. 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance with the following formulae:

--- Page 274 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
274 
 
(1)    where, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more 
Intraday Restrike Event Times have previously occurred with an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurring on (i'), then (with 
the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time, immediately 
preceding VREF(v), being "v1"): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage(i’) x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) / 
Price(i',v1)) - 1)) 
 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance with Condition 3.1.8.5.4 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants but with "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
 
(2)    in circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF)) x (1 + Leverage(i’) x 
((Price(i',VREF(v)) / AdjPrice(i(REF))) -1) + (1-Leverage(i’)) x 
Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i') / DayCountBasisRate)) 
 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day then 
LSL(i'',v1); or otherwise LSCL(i'-1). 
 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time weighted average price of the Underlying during the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
 
VREF(v)  
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, 
and excluding, Calculation Time(v). 
 
 
3.1.9    Fixed Leverage Bull – Multiplicative Formula and adjusted leverage 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.9, the following applies: 
 
3.1.9.0    Product Description 
 
-      This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
      -   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
relies on the then level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the level of the Leveraged Strategy. 
 
The strategy to which the performance of the Warrant is linked is the Leveraged Strategy which consists of leveraged exposure to the 
Underlying with a leverage factor "Leverage" and a hypothetical money market instrument. 
 
The notional exposure of the Leveraged Strategy to the Underlying is revised on each Valuation Date in order to take into account 
the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of the previous Valuation Date, as further described hereinafter. 
 
The leverage embedded in the Leveraged Strategy is revised daily taking into account the target volatility of the Underlying and the 
realized volatility of the Underlying. 
 
3.1.9.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), LSCL(i) [is lower] [is higher] than [or equal to] 
BarrierLevelAutocall(i). 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(RVD(i))) x (LSCL(RVD(i)) / 
LSCL(0)) x Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
 
3.1.9.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)

--- Page 275 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
275 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + (1 / BaseAmount) x Max(InitialValue x (FX(0) / FX(T)) x (LSCL(T) / LSCL(0)) x 
Hedging Fees Factor(T);0) 
 
3.1.9.3    Variable Data: 
 
BarrierLevelAutocall 
BaseAmount 
BaseCurrency  
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
Basis 
DailyRestrikePercentage 
DayCountBasisCommission 
DayCountBasisRate 
FXSource 
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialValue 
LeverageInitial 
Leverage_Cap 
Leverage_Floor 
Leverage 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency 
LSCLInitial 
N 
RateOvernight 
RateOvernightScreenPage 
Target_Volatility 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.1.9.4    Applicable Rates: 
 
%CollatCostRate 
%CommissionRate 
%DistRate  
%Gap&ReplicationRate 
%QuantoRate 
%SpreadLevel  
 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.1.0 above. 
 
3.1.9.5    Specific Definition(s): 
 
3.1.9.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
ACT(i-1;i) 
Means the number of calendar days between the Valuation Date(i-1) 
(included) and the Valuation Date(i) (excluded) 
FX(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime to 
convert the BaseCurrency into the 
LeveragedStrategyCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as 
published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate 
is available on such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the 
BaseCurrency into the LeveragedStrategyCurrency following such 
day, as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto.   
Hedging Fees 
Factor(i) 
(i from 1 to T) 
means: 
 
Product(for 
t 
from 
1 
to 
i) 
(1 
–(%CommissionRate(t-1) 
+ 
%Gap&ReplicationRate(t-1) 
+%CollatCostRate(t-1) 
+ 
%QuantoRate(t-1)) x (ACT(t-1;t) / DayCountBasisCommission)) 
 
 
3.1.9.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Leveraged Strategy

--- Page 276 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
276 
AdjPrice(i-1)  
is determined, for each Valuation Date(i), according to the following 
formula: 
 
Price(i-1) -%DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
 
CashRate 
or 
CashRate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i):  
 
(1)    the level of the RateOvernight for such Valuation Date(i); or  
 
(2)    the last available level displayed of RateOvernight, if a level of 
RateOvernight dated as of such Valuation Date(i), 
 
in both cases as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that if 
in the case of (2) above RateOvernight is not displayed on the 
RateOvernightScreenPage (or, if applicable, any successor service or 
page used by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of ascertaining 
such rate) for a period of more than 7 Valuation Dates and such rate 
is, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, reasonably expected to be 
discontinued (such rate then being the "Discontinued Rate") then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine CashRate(i) (a) by selecting a 
successor rate for such Discontinued Rate which offers similar 
economic characteristics to the Discontinued Rate or, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no such successor rate exists, (b) 
on the basis of the cost that Societe Generale would charge or be 
charged to borrow cash in the LeveragedStrategyCurrency on an 
overnight basis. 
 
Leverage(i) 
Leverage(0) means LeverageInitial 
 
For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), Leverage(i) shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
[Leverage(i) = Leverage(i-1) x Max(Leverage_Floor ; 
Min(Leverage_Cap ; Target_Volatility / Realized Volatility(i)))] 
 
[Leverage(i) = Leverage(i-1) x Max(Leverage_Floor ; 
Min(Leverage_Cap ; Realized Volatility(i)  /Target_Volatility))] 
 
Where ; 
 
Realized Volatility(i) = ((1/N) x Sum(t from 0 to N-1) ((LN(Price(i-t) / 
Price(i-t-1))^2) x Basis / ACT(t-i-1 ; t-i))) ^(0.5) 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Closing 
Level 
or 
LSCL(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Closing Level of the Leveraged 
Strategy as of such day (i), as such level may be adjusted in 
accordance with the terms of Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level will be determined in 
accordance with Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each 
Valuation Date(i), the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level as of such 
Valuation Date(i) is calculated in accordance with the following 
formulae:  
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
LSCL(0) = LSCLInitial 
 
On each subsequent Valuation Date(i): 
 
LSCL(i) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1 + Leverage(i) x ((Price(i) / AdjPrice(i-
1)) -1) + (1-Leverage(i)) x Rate(i-1) x ACT(i-1,i) / 
DayCountBasisRate),0)

--- Page 277 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
277 
For the purposes of determining LSCL(i) on a Valuation Date 
immediately following an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day, 
references to (i-1) in the formula of LSCL(i) above shall be deemed 
to be references to (i') (as defined in Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants). 
 
Leveraged 
Strategy 
Level or LSL(i,v) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i) and any Calculation Time(v), the 
latest level of the Leveraged Strategy as of such Calculation Time(v), 
as such level may be adjusted in accordance with the terms of 
Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Subject to the occurrence of an Intraday Restrike Event (following 
which the Leveraged Strategy Level will be determined in accordance 
with Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants), for each Valuation 
Date(i) and each Calculation Time(v), the Leveraged Strategy Level 
as of such Calculation Time(v) is calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
LSL(i,v) = Max(LSCL(i-1) x (1+ Leverage(i) x ((Price(i,v) / AdjPrice(i-
1)) -1) + (1-Leverage(i)) x Rate(i-1 ) x ACT(i-1,i) / 
DayCountBasisRate),0) 
 
Rate or Rate(i)  
means, for each Valuation Date(i), an annual rate calculated as of 
such day in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Rate(i) = CashRate(i) + %SpreadLevel(i) 
 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of 
the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments 
and provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such 
Underlying. 
 
Price(i,v)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v),  
 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an 
Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a 
Commodity, or a Commodity Index]  
 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and 
Calculation Time(v).] 
 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the 
Underlying 
published 
on 
the 
relevant 
[Exchange] 
[Price 
Source][provide details on relevant source] as of such Valuation Date 
(i) and Calculation Time (v).] 
 
Calculation Time  
means with respect to the Underlying, any time between the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing, provided 
that the relevant data is available to enable the Calculation Agent to 
determine the Leveraged Strategy Level. 
 
 
3.1.9.5.3 Distributions and corporate actions affecting the Underlying: Specific Definitions 
 
Dist(i) 
means Dist(i-1, i)

--- Page 278 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
278 
Underlying 
Distributions, 
or 
Dist(i1,i2) 
means, for any dates (i1) and (i2), the sum of all Gross Ordinary 
Distributions, paid in respect of the Underlying, which have an ex date 
between (i1) (excluded) and (i2) (included). 
 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in the currency 
of the Underlying, this Gross Ordinary Distribution will be converted 
into such currency by the Calculation Agent using the latest available 
spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime as published on 
the Valuation Date immediately preceding the relevant Valuation 
Date(i) by the FXSource. If no such rate is available on the Valuation 
Date immediately preceding such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be 
the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime 
to convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into the Currency of the 
Underlying following such Valuation Date(i), as published by the 
FXSource, or any successor service or page used by the Calculation 
Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such rate.] 
 
3.1.9.5.4 Extraordinary Strategy Adjustment for Performance Reasons 
 
(i')  
means the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day which corresponds 
to the Intraday Restrike Event immediately preceding the Calculation 
Time(v). 
 
AdjPrice(i')  
is determined according to the following formula: 
 
AdjPrice(i' ) = Price(i',VREF(v)) - %DistRate(CRD) x Dist(i',CRD) 
 
AdjPrice(i(REF))  
means,   
 
(1)    if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then 
AdjPrice(i(REF)) = Price(i'',v1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'',i') 
 
otherwise: 
 
(2)    (i(REF)) = Price(i'-1) - %DistRate(i') x Dist(i'-1,i'). 
Extraordinary 
Strategy Adjustment 
for 
Performance 
Reasons 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Intraday Restrike Event 
has occurred at a Calculation Time(v) during a Valuation Date(i), an 
adjustment 
(an 
Extraordinary 
Strategy 
Adjustment 
for 
Performance Reasons) shall take place during such Valuation Date(i) 
in accordance with the following provisions. 
 
The real time calculation of the Leveraged Strategy shall be 
suspended during the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period and 
resume in accordance with Condition 3.1.9.5.4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants within 
15 minutes following the end of such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period (the point of such resumption being the 
Calculation Resume Time and the day on which such resumption 
occurs being the Calculation Resume Day or CRD). Should the end 
of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period occur less than 15 
minutes before the TimeReferenceClosing on the Intraday Restrike 
Event Reference Day, the Calculation Resume Time shall be the 
TimeReferenceClosing which immediately follows the end of the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period. 
 
On each Calculation Resume Day, from the Calculation Resume Time, 
LSCL(CRD) and LSL(CRD,v) will be determined as follows: 
  
For each Calculation Time(v) during such Calculation Resume Day 
following the end of the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the Leveraged Strategy is calculated according to the following 
formula:

--- Page 279 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
279 
LSL(CRD,v) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage(CRD) x 
((Price(CRD,v) / AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 – Leverage(CRD)) x Rate(i') x 
ACT(i',CRD) / DayCountBasisRate) 
 
And at the TimeReferenceClosing of such Calculation Resume Day: 
 
LSCL(CRD) = LSL(i',VREF(v)) x (1 + Leverage(CRD) x ((Price(CRD) 
/ AdjPrice(i')) - 1) + (1 – Leverage(CRD)) x Rate(i') x ACT(i',CRD) / 
DayCountBasisRate) 
 
 
i(REF) 
means the latest of (1) the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day 
immediately preceding (i') in which case i(REF) is referred to as (i'') 
and the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time on such 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day is referred to as (v1) and (2) 
the Valuation Date which immediately precedes (i') in which case 
i(REF) is referred to as (i'-1). 
 
Intraday 
Reference 
Level  
means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and a Calculation Time(v), the 
Underlying level as of (1) the last Intraday Restrike Event Reference 
Time preceding and excluding such Calculation Time(v) or (2) if no 
Intraday Restrike Event has occurred on such day, the closing level of 
the Underlying on the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event  
means in respect of a Valuation Date(i), the decrease at a Calculation 
Time(v) of the Underlying level below the DailyRestrikePercentage of 
the relevant Intraday Reference Level at such Calculation Time. 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event 
Observation 
Period  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the period starting on 
and excluding the Intraday Restrike Event Time and finishing on and 
including the time falling 15 minutes after the Intraday Restrike Event 
Time.  
 
Where, during such 15 minute period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that (1) (if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the 
level of the Underlying is not disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor 
or, the Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be or (2) (for 
any type of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index 
or a SGI Index) the Exchange or the Related Exchange is not open for 
continuous trading, the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period 
will be extended to the extent necessary until (1) (if the Underlying is 
an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying is calculated and 
disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the Underlying 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (2) (for any type of 
Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI 
Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for 
continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes.  
 
If the Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period would not end by the 
TimeReferenceClosing: (1) such day will not be a Valuation Date for 
the purposes of determining any element of the Leveraged Strategy, 
except (a) for the purpose of calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and 
AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts thereof) corresponding to the 
applicable Intraday Restrike Event and (b) for the purpose of 
calculating LSL(i',vREF(v)) and AdjPrice(i') (and the constituent parts 
thereof) with respect to any previous Intraday Restrike Event that has 
occurred on such day, if any; and (2) such Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period shall be extended to the following Valuation Date 
to the extent necessary until the Calculation Agent determines that (a) 
(if the Underlying is an Index or a SGI Index) the level of the Underlying 
is calculated and disseminated by the Underlying Sponsor or, the 
Underlying Calculation Agent, as the case may be and (b) (for any type 
of Underlying including, for the avoidance of doubt, an Index or a SGI 
Index) the Exchange and the Related Exchange are open for 
continuous trading for an aggregate period of 15 minutes.

--- Page 280 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
280 
For the purpose of determining the Intraday Restrike Event 
Observation Period only, the Exchange shall not be considered to be 
open for continuous trading during its closing auction period (as 
provided under the rules of the Exchange). 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Day  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
the day on which the Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurs. 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Reference Time  
means [in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period, 
[the Calculation Time on which the Leveraged Strategy Level reaches 
its lowest value during such period][the end of the Intraday Restrike 
Event Observation Period] 
 
Intraday 
Restrike 
Event Time  
means in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, the Calculation Time 
on which such event occurs. 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v))  
is calculated in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
(1)    where, in respect of an Intraday Restrike Event, one or more 
Intraday Restrike Event Times have previously occurred with an 
Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time occurring on (i'), then (with 
the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time immediately 
preceding VREF(v) being "v1"): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSL(i',v1) x (1 + Leverage(i’) x ((Price(i',VREF(v)) 
/Price(i',v1)) - 1)) 
 
Where LSL(i',v1) is determined in accordance with Condition 3.1.9.5.4 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and 
Turbo Warrants but with "VREF(v)" replaced by "v1". 
 
(2)    In circumstances other than those set out in (1): 
 
LSL(i',VREF(v)) = LSLREF(i(REF)) x (1 + Leverage(i’) x 
((Price(i',VREF(v)) / AdjPrice(i(REF))) -1) + (1-Leverage(i’)) x 
Rate(i(REF)) x (ACT(i(REF),i') / DayCountBasisRate)) 
 
LSLREF(i(REF))  
means, if i(REF) is an Intraday Restrike Event Reference Day; then 
LSL(i'',v1); or otherwise LSCL(i'-1). 
 
[Price(i',VREF(v))] 
[means the time weighted average price of the Underlying during the 
Intraday Restrike Event Observation Period.] 
 
VREF(v) 
means the latest Intraday Restrike Event Reference Time preceding, 
and excluding, Calculation Time(v). 
 
 
 
3.2    FAMILY OF TURBO PRODUCTS 
 
Set out below is the list of Turbo Products, the reference of which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms in the paragraph 
"Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.2.1 
Turbo  
3.2.2 
Turbo on futures 
3.2.3 
Rolling Turbo

--- Page 281 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
281 
3.2.4 
Rolling Turbo on futures 
 
3.2.0.1    Definitions relating to Applicable Rates 
 
%DistRate(i) means [%DistRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of %DistRate(i) may 
be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as] 
the percentage of Dist(i) that would be received by a hypothetical investor located in ReferenceCountry, net of any withholding tax, 
before application of any tax credit and assuming that such hypothetical investor does not benefit from double taxation treaties. 
 
%ExecFees means the fees charged to the investor by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) with regards to the transactions that would 
need to be executed to hedge a Restrike Event. 
 
%FinancingRate[A/B](i) means [%FinancingRate[A/B]Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the 
value of %FinancingRate[A/B](i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) a rate which 
shall be determined with respect to such Valuation Date (i) by the Calculation Agent as] a hypothetical remuneration rate (or borrowing 
rate, as the case may be) in respect of a cash holding or borrowing, as the case may be. 
 
%Percentage(i) means, for each Valuation Date(i), a percentage applied to the Exercise Price to determine the StopLossLevelCurrent 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
%QuantoRate(i) means [%QuantoRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of 
%QuantoRate(i) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate which shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to such Valuation Date(i) as] the [carry] [and][/][or] [hedging] cost of the foreign 
exchange risk estimated or realized.  
 
%RepoRate(i) means [%RepoRateInitial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), the value of %RepoRate(i) 
may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [for each Valuation Date(i) an annual rate which shall be determined 
with respect to such Valuation Date(i) by the Calculation Agent as] the cost or gain that would be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its 
affiliates) if it were to borrow or lend hedging instruments in respect of the Warrant. 
 
3.2.0.1.1 Variable Data: 
 
%DistRateInitial 
%ExecFeesLevel 
%FinancingRate[A/B]Initial 
%QuantoRateInitial 
%RepoRateInitial 
ReferenceCountry 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.2.0.2    Provisions applicable to Turbo Products with Exercise Price Adjustment 
 
3.2.0.2.1    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Exercise Price Adjustment without Foreign Exchange Guarantee" is 
applicable, the following applies. 
 
3.2.0.2.1.1 Exercise Price: 
 
Exercise Price (i) 
The Exercise Price (i) in respect of any Valuation Date(i) is determined 
in accordance with the following: 
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
Exercise Price (0) = ExercisePriceInitial 
 
For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), Exercise Price(i) shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Exercise Price (i) = Exercise Price(i-1) x (1 + %FinancingRate(i-1) - 
%RepoRate(i))^(ACT(i-1;i)/DayCountBasis) - %DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
 
[If Valuation Date(i) is the Final Valuation Date or an Early Expiration 
Event has occurred on such date, Exercise Price(i) will be converted 
into the Settlement Currency by the Calculation Agent using the latest 
available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime1 as 
published on [the Valuation Date immediately preceding ]Valuation 
Date(i) by the FXSource1. If no such rate is available on [the Valuation

--- Page 282 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
282 
Date immediately preceding ]such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be 
the first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime1 
to convert Exercise Price(i) into the Settlement Currency following such 
day, as published by the FXSource1, or any successor service or page 
used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of ascertaining such 
rate.] 
 
 
3.2.0.2.1.2 Variable Data 
 
DaycountBasis 
ExercisePriceInitial 
FXSource1 
FXSourceFixingTime1 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.2.0.2.1.3 Applicable Rates 
 
%DistRate 
%FinancingRate 
%RepoRate 
 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above. 
 
3.2.0.2.1.4 Specific Definition(s): 
 
Dist(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Gross Ordinary Distributions, in 
respect of the Underlying, which may be detached with an ex date 
between Valuation Date(i-1) excluded and Valuation Date(i) included. 
 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in 
TurboCurrency, this Gross Ordinary Distribution will be converted into 
such currency by the Calculation Agent using the latest available spot 
exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime2 as published on [the 
Valuation Date immediately preceding ]Valuation Date(i) by the 
FXSource2. If no such rate is available on [the Valuation Date 
immediately preceding ]such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be the 
first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime2 to 
convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into TurboCurrency following 
such day, as published by the FXSource2, or any successor service or 
page used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of ascertaining 
such rate.] 
 
 
3.2.0.2.1.4.1 Variable Data 
 
TurboCurrency 
FXSource2 
FXSourceFixingTime2 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.2.0.2.2    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Exercise Price Adjustment with Foreign Exchange Guarantee" is applicable, 
the following provisions apply: 
 
3.2.0.2.2.1 Exercise Price: 
 
Exercise Price (i) 
The Exercise Price (i) in respect of any Valuation Date(i) is determined 
in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
Exercise Price (0) = ExercisePriceInitial

--- Page 283 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
283 
For each subsequent Valuation Date(i), Exercise Price(i) shall be 
determined in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Exercise Price (i) = Price(i-1) x (1 + %FinancingRateA(i-1) - 
%RepoRate(i))^(ACT(i-1;i)/DayCountBasis) + (Exercise Price(i-1) – 
Price(i-1)) x (1 + %FinancingRateB(i-1))^(ACT(i-1;i)/DayCountBasis) + 
%QuantoRate(i-1) - %DistRate(i) x Dist(i) 
 
3.2.0.2.2.2 Variable Data: 
 
DaycountBasis 
ExercisePriceInitial 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.2.0.2.2.3 Applicable Rates: 
 
%DistRate 
%FinancingRateA 
%FinancingRateB 
%QuantoRate 
%RepoRate 
 
The Applicable Rates are defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above. 
 
3.2.0.2.2.4 Specific Definition(s): 
 
Dist(i) 
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the Gross Ordinary Distributions, in 
respect of the Underlying, which may be detached with an ex date 
between Valuation Date(i-1) excluded and Valuation Date(i) included. 
 
[If such Gross Ordinary Distribution is not denominated in 
TurboCurrency, this Gross Ordinary Distribution will be converted into 
such currency by the Calculation Agent using the latest available spot 
exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime1 as published on [the 
Valuation Date immediately preceding] Valuation Date(i) by the 
FXSource1. If no such rate is available on [the Valuation Date 
immediately preceding] such Valuation Date(i), such rate shall be the 
first available spot exchange rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime1 to 
convert such Gross Ordinary Distribution into TurboCurrency following 
such day, as published by the FXSource1, or any successor service or 
page used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of ascertaining 
such rate.] 
 
3.2.0.2.2.4.1 Variable Data 
 
TurboCurrency 
FXSource1 
FXSourceFixingTime1 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.2.0.2.3 If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Exercise Price Adjustment without Foreign Exchange Guarantee for Turbo on 
Futures" is applicable, the following applies. 
 
3.2.0.2.3.1 Exercise Price: 
 
Exercise 
Price 
[(i)][(t)] 
The Exercise Price [(i)][(t)]  in respect of any [Valuation 
Date(i)][calendar day(t)] is determined in accordance with the 
following: 
 
On Valuation Date(0): 
 
Exercise Price (0) = ExercisePriceInitial

--- Page 284 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
284 
For each subsequent [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)], Exercise 
Price [(i)][(t)]  shall be determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
If [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)] is not a Rolling Date 
 
Exercise Price [(i)][(t)]  = Exercise Price([i][t]-1) x (1 + 
Spread)^(ACT([i][t]-1;[i][t])/DayCountBasis) 
 
If[Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)] is a Rolling Date 
 
Exercise Price [(i)][(t)]  = Exercise Price([i][t]-1) x (1 + 
Spread)^(ACT([i][t]-1;[i][t])/DayCountBasis) – RollSpread[(i)][(t)] 
 
 
Where RollSpread[(i)][(t)]  and Rolling Date are defined in Condition 3.2.2.5 below  
 
3.2.0.2.3.2 Variable Data 
 
DaycountBasis 
ExercisePriceInitial 
Spread 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.2.1    Turbo 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.1, the following provisions apply: 
 
3.2.1.0    Product Description 
 
-      This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
      -   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
relies on the then UnderlyingPrice. 
 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the UnderlyingPrice. 
 
3.2.1.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation Date(i), and on any Calculation Time (v), Price(i,v) is 
[lower than] [higher than] [or equal to] StopLossLevelCurrent(i) (even if such Valuation Date(i) is subject to a Market Disruption 
Event or Disruption Event): 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = UnderlyingPrice_ESP(RVD(i)) / FX(RVD(i)) 
 
3.2.1.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = UnderlyingPrice_FSP(RVD(T)) / FX(RVD(T)) 
 
3.2.1.3    Variable Data: 
 
BaseCurrency 
FXSource  
FXSourceFixingTime 
StopLossEventPeriod 
StopLossLevelInitial 
TargetLeverageLevel 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
TurboCurrency 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.2.1.4.    Applicable Rates: 
 
%Percentage  
The Applicable Rate is defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above.

--- Page 285 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
285 
3.2.1.5    Specific Definition(s): 
 
FX(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime 
to 
convert 
the 
BaseCurrency 
into 
the 
TurboCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as published by 
the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on 
such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange 
rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the BaseCurrency into 
the TurboCurrency following such day, as published by the FXSource, 
or any successor thereto. 
 
Price(i,v) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v),  
 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an 
Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a 
Commodity, or a Commodity Index]  
 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and 
Calculation Time(v).] 
 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the 
Underlying 
published 
on 
the 
relevant 
[Exchange] 
[Price 
Source][provide details on relevant source] as of such Valuation Date 
(i) and Calculation Time (v).] 
 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the 
Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such 
Underlying. 
 
Calculation Time 
means with respect to the Underlying, any time between the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing. 
 
StopLossLevelCurre
nt(i)  
[means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), a level which is determined in 
accordance with the following formulae: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent(0) = StopLossLevelInitial 
 
For each Valuation Date(i) subsequent to the Initial Valuation Date: 
 
if Valuation Date(i) is an Actualisation Date: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = Exercise Price(i) x (1 + %Percentage(i)) 
 
if Valuation Date(i) is not an Actualisation Date: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = StopLossLevelCurrent(i-1)] 
 
[means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), StopLossLevelInitial] 
 
UnderlyingPrice_ES
P(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), 
 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
 
the 
[lowest][highest] 
level 
of 
the 
Price(i,v) 
during 
the 
StopLossEventPeriod. 
 
[If Option Unwind is applicable] 
 
[the value of the Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the basis of the price obtained in unwinding the hedging transactions 
entered 
into 
in 
connection 
with the Warrants 
during 
the

--- Page 286 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
286 
StopLossEventPeriod immediately following the occurrence of an Early 
Expiration Event. UnderlyingPrice_ESP will be at the [minimum] 
[maximum] the [lowest] [highest] quotation of the Underlying 
ascertained 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
during 
such 
StopLossEventPeriod.] 
 
[If Option TWAP is applicable] 
 
the time weighted average level of the Price(i,v) during the 
StopLossEventPeriod  
 
[If option No Period is applicable] 
 
[StopLossLevelCurrent(i)] 
 
UnderlyingPrice_FSP
(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), Price(i). 
 
[Actualisation Date] 
[means: 
 
(1)    the 15th calendar day of each calendar month or if such date is 
not a Valuation Date, the immediately succeeding Valuation Date; and 
 
(2)    each day as of which [if the Underlying is a Share] [a Potential 
Adjustment Event] [if the Underlying is not a Share] [ [any event or 
corporate action which gives rise to an adjustment made by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
the Underlying]) occurs or which is an ex date in respect of a Gross 
Ordinary Distribution for the Underlying. 
[If the Underlying is a future contract:] 
 
[(3)    each day on which the underlying future contract is rolled]] 
 
3.2.2    Turbo on futures 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.2, the following provisions apply: 
 
3.2.2.0    Product Description 
-     This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
      -   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
relies on the then UnderlyingPrice. 
 
-     Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the UnderlyingPrice. 
 
3.2.2.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
An Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred if on any [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], and on any Calculation Time 
(v), Price([i][t],[i][t],v) is lower than or equal to StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] [(even if such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is 
subject to a Market Disruption Event)]. 
 
Early Settlement Price[(i)][(t)] = UnderlyingPrice_ESP(RVD[(i)][(t)]) / FX(RVD[(i)][(t)]) 
 
3.2.2.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = UnderlyingPrice_FSP(RVD(T)) / FX(RVD(T)) 
 
3.2.2.3    Variable Data: 
 
BaseCurrency 
FXSource  
FXSourceFixingTime 
Roll Schedule 
StopLossEventPeriod 
StopLossLevelInitial 
TargetLeverageLevel 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening

--- Page 287 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
287 
TurboCurrency 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.2.2.4.    Applicable Rates: 
 
%Percentage 
 
The Applicable Rate is defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above. 
 
3.2.2.5 Specific Definition(s): 
 
Active 
Future 
Contract [(i)][(t)] 
 
Means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], a [future 
contract] [Commodity] which is determined in accordance with the 
following: 
 
If [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is a Rolling Date: 
Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] is Target Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] 
 
If [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is not a Rolling Date: 
Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] is Active Future Contract ([i][t]-1) 
 
Where Active Future Contract ([i][t]-1) is the Active Future Contract as 
of [Valuation Date(i-1)][calendar day(t-1)] 
 
FX[(i)][(t)]  
means, for any [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], the spot exchange 
rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the BaseCurrency into 
the TurboCurrency in respect of such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar 
day(t)], as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no 
such rate is available on such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], 
FX[(i)][(t)] shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime 
to 
convert 
the 
BaseCurrency 
into 
the 
TurboCurrency following such day, as published by the FXSource, or 
any successor thereto. 
 
Price([i][t],[i][t],v) 
means, in respect of a [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] and a 
Calculation Time(v), the Intraday Price of Active Future Contract 
[(i)][(t)] as defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions as 
of such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] and Calculation Time(v).  
 
Price([i][t]-1,[i][t]) 
means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], the 
[Commodity] Reference Price of Active Future Contract ([i][t]-1) as of 
such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], subject to the adjustments 
and provisions of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
Price([i][t],[i][t]) 
[means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], the 
[Commodity] Reference Price] of Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] as of 
such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], subject to the adjustments 
and provisions of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
Rolling Date(s) 
Valuation Date (0) 
 
Then: 
 
The [[Commodity] Business Day] [specify]  [before][on] the expiry date 
of the Active Future Contract. 
 
RollSpread[(i)][(t)] 
Means in respect of a [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)]which is a 
Rolling Date, a number determined in accordance with the following: 
 
RollSpread[(i)][(t)] = Price([i][t],[i][t]) – Price([i][t]-1,[i][t])

--- Page 288 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
288 
Target Active Future 
Contract [(i)][(t)] 
Means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], a [future 
contract] [Commodity] which is determined in accordance with the Roll 
Schedule. 
Calculation Time 
means with respect to the Underlying, any time between the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing. 
 
StopLossLevelCurre
nt[(i)][(t)]  
means, in respect of [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], a level which 
is determined in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent(0) = StopLossLevelInitial 
 
For each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] subsequent to the [Initial 
Valuation Date][Issue Date]: 
 
if [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is an Actualisation Date: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] = [Exercise Price[(i)][(t)]  x (1 + 
%Percentage[(i)][(t)]) 
 
if [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is not an Actualisation Date: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] = StopLossLevelCurrent([i][t]-1) 
 
UnderlyingPrice_ES
P[(i)][(t)]  
means, in respect of [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], 
 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
 
the [lowest][highest] level of the Price([i][t],[i][t],v) during the 
StopLossEventPeriod. 
 
[If Option Unwind is applicable] 
 
[the value of the Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the basis of the price obtained in unwinding the hedging transactions 
entered 
into 
in 
connection 
with 
the Warrants 
during 
the 
StopLossEventPeriod immediately following the occurrence of an Early 
Expiration Event. UnderlyingPrice_ESP will be at the [minimum] 
[maximum] the [lowest] [highest] quotation of the Underlying 
ascertained 
by 
the 
Calculation 
Agent 
during 
such 
StopLossEventPeriod.] 
 
[If Option TWAP is applicable] 
 
the time weighted average level of the Price([i][t],[i][t],v) during the 
StopLossEventPeriod  
 
[If option No Period is applicable] 
 
[StopLossLevelCurrent(i)]  
 
UnderlyingPrice_FSP
[(i)][(t)]  
means, in respect of a [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], 
Price([i][t],[i][t]). 
 
Actualisation Date 
means: 
 
- [the 15th calendar day of each calendar month or if such date is not 
a Valuation Date, the immediately succeeding Valuation Date] [;] 
[and] 
 
- [each day which is a Roll Date] [;] [and] 
 
- [specify]

--- Page 289 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
289 
3.2.3    Rolling Turbo 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.3., the following provisions apply: 
 
3.2.3.0    Product Description 
 
-     Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the UnderlyingPrice. 
 
3.2.3.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.2.3.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = UnderlyingPrice_FSP(RVD(T)) / FX(RVD(T))  
 
3.2.3.3    Variable Data: 
 
BaseCurrency 
FXSource  
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialParity 
ObservationPeriod 
StopLossLevelInitial 
TargetLeverageLevel 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
TurboCurrency 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.2.3.4.    Applicable Rates: 
 
%Percentage 
%ExecFees 
 
The Applicable Rate is defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above. 
 
3.2.3.5    Specific Definition(s): 
 
3.2.3.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
FX(i)  
means, for any Valuation Date(i), the spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime 
to 
convert 
the 
BaseCurrency 
into 
the 
TurboCurrency in respect of such Valuation Date(i), as published by 
the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such rate is available on 
such Valuation Date(i), FX(i) shall be the first available spot exchange 
rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the BaseCurrency into 
the TurboCurrency following such day, as published by the FXSource, 
or any successor thereto. 
 
Price(i,v) 
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i) and Calculation Time(v),  
 
[If the Underlying is a Share, an Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an 
Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), a Foreign Exchange Rate, a 
Commodity, or a Commodity Index]  
 
[the Intraday Price of the Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i) and 
Calculation Time(v).] 
 
[For any other type of Underlying] 
 
[the latest available price, level or rate (as the case may be) of the 
Underlying 
published 
on 
the 
relevant 
[Exchange] 
[Price 
Source][provide details on relevant source] as of such Valuation Date 
(i) and Calculation Time (v).]

--- Page 290 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
290 
Price(i)  
means, in respect of each Valuation Date(i), the Reference Price of the 
Underlying as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and 
provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such 
Underlying. 
 
Calculation Time 
means with respect to the Underlying, any time between the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing. 
 
UnderlyingPrice_FSP
(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), Price(i). 
 
Actualisation Date 
means: 
 
(1)    the 15th calendar day of each calendar month or if such date is 
not a Valuation Date, the immediately succeeding Valuation Date; 
and 
 
(2)    each day as of which [if the Underlying is a Share] [a Potential 
Adjustment Event] [if the Underlying is not a Share] [ [any event or 
corporate action which gives rise to an adjustment made by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
the Underlying]) occurs or which is an ex date in respect of a Gross 
Ordinary Distribution for the Underlying. 
 
(3)    each Restrike Date. 
 
[If the Underlying is a future contract:] 
 
[(4)    each day on which the underlying future contract is rolled] 
 
3.2.3.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Restrike Event 
 
Restrike Event 
A Restrike Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any Valuation 
Date(i) following the Initial Valuation Date (excluded), and on any 
Calculation Time (v), Price(i,v) is [lower than] [higher than] [or equal to] 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) (even if such Valuation Date(i) is subject to a 
Market Disruption Event or Disruption Event). 
Following the occurrence of a Restrike Event, at the end of the 
ObservationPeriod,  
 
(1)    the level of Exercise Price(i) shall be adjusted as follows: 
 
In case of Call Warrant: 
[Exercise Price(i) = (UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) / FX_Restrike(i)) x (1 – 
(1/TargetLeverage)) x (1-%ExecFees)] 
 
In case of Put Warrant: 
[Exercise Price(i) = (UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) / FX_Restrike(i)) x (1 + 
(1/TargetLeverage)) x (1+%ExecFees)] 
 
With Unadjusted Exercise Price(i) defined as the level of Exercise 
Price(i) prior to the occurrence of such Restrike Event. 
 
(2)    StopLossLevelCurrent(i) shall be adjusted as and equal to 
Exercise Price(i) x (1 + %Percentage(i)). 
 
(3)    Scaling Factor(i) shall be adjusted as follows: 
 
In case of Call Warrant: 
 
[Scaling Factor (i) = Unadjusted Scaling Factor(i) x 
[(UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) / FX_Restrike(i)) x (1 - %ExecFees) - 
Unadjusted Exercise Price(i)] / [(UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) / 
FX_Restrike(i)) x (1 - %ExecFees) - Exercise Price(i) ]] 
 
In case of Put Warrant:

--- Page 291 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
291 
 
[Scaling Factor (i) = Unadjusted Scaling Factor(i) x [ Unadjusted 
Exercise Price(i) - (UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) / FX_Restrike(i)) x (1 + 
%ExecFees)] / [Exercise Price(i) - (UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) / 
FX_Restrike(i)) x (1 + %ExecFees)]] 
 
With Unadjusted Scaling Factor(i) defined as the level of Scaling 
Factor(i) prior to the occurrence of such Restrike Event. 
 
FX_Restrike(i)  
means the spot exchange rate to convert the BaseCurrency into the 
TurboCurrency, as published by the FXSource, or any successor 
thereto on the Restrike Date as of the following time: 
 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
 
[the time at which the [lowest][highest] level of Price(i,v) is reached 
during the ObservationPeriod.]µ 
 
[If Option Unwind or if Option TWAP is applicable] 
 
[the time at which UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) is determined during the 
ObservationPeriod] 
 
Provided that if no such rate is available on such time, FX(i) shall be 
the first next available spot exchange rate thereafter convert the 
BaseCurrency into the TurboCurrency, as published by the FXSource, 
or any successor thereto. 
 
Restrike Date 
means the Initial Valuation Date and thereafter any Valuation Date(i) 
on which at least one Restrike Event Occurs 
 
Scaling Factor(i) 
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), a multiplicative factor which is 
determined in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
Scaling Factor(0) = 1 
 
For each Valuation Date(i) subsequent to the Initial Valuation Date: 
 
if Valuation Date(i) is a Restrike Date: the factor determined in 
accordance with the “Restrike Event” section 
 
if Valuation Date(i) is not a Restrike Date: Scaling Factor(i-1) 
 
StopLossLevelCurre
nt(i)  
means, in respect of Valuation Date(i), a level which is determined in 
accordance with the following formulae: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent(0) = StopLossLevelInitial 
 
For each Valuation Date(i) subsequent to the Initial Valuation Date: 
 
if Valuation Date(i) is an Actualisation Date: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = Exercise Price(i) x (1 + %Percentage(i)) 
 
if Valuation Date(i) is not an Actualisation Date: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent(i) = StopLossLevelCurrent(i-1) 
 
TargetLeverage 
Means a target leverage determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
Option 1 
 
In case of Call Warrant:

--- Page 292 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
292 
TargetLeverage = Price(0) / (Price(0) – Exercise Price(0)) 
 
In case of Put Warrant 
TargetLeverage = Price(0) / (Exercise Price(0)-Price(0)) 
 
Option 2 
 
In case of either Call Warrant or Put Warrant: 
 
TargetLeverage = TargetLeverageLevel  
 
where TargetLeverageLevel is specified in the Applicable Final Terms 
as variable data 
UnderlyingPrice_RS
D(i)  
Means: 
 
in respect of the Initial Valuation Date: 
Price(0) 
 
in respect of any subsequent Restrike Date, 
 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
 
the 
[lowest][highest] 
level 
of 
the 
Price(i,v) 
during 
the 
ObservationPeriod. 
 
[If Option Unwind is applicable] 
 
[the value of the Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the basis of the price obtained in unwinding the hedging transactions 
entered 
into 
in 
connection 
with the Warrants 
during 
the 
ObservationPeriod immediately following the occurrence of a Restrike 
Event. UnderlyingPrice_RSD will be at the [minimum] [maximum] the 
[lowest] [highest] quotation of the Underlying ascertained by the 
Calculation Agent during such ObservationPeriod.] 
 
[If Option TWAP is applicable] 
 
[the time weighted average level of the Price(i,v) during the 
ObservationPeriod.] 
 
 
3.2.3.6    Definition of the Parity in respect of Rolling Turbo 
 
In the particular context of Rolling Turbos, the Parity will be determined on each Valuation Date(i) according to the following definition: 
 
Parity(i) means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), InitialParity x (1/ Scaling Factor(i)) 
 
3.2.4 Rolling Turbo on futures 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.4, the following provisions apply: 
 
3.2.4.0    Product Description 
 
-     Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the UnderlyingPrice. 
 
3.2.4.1    Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.2.4.2    Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = UnderlyingPrice_FSP(RVD(T)) / FX(RVD(T))  
 
3.2.4.3    Variable Data: 
 
BaseCurrency 
FXSource  
FXSourceFixingTime 
InitialParity

--- Page 293 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
293 
Roll Schedule 
ObservationPeriod 
StopLossLevelInitial 
TargetLeverageLevel 
TimeReferenceClosing 
TimeReferenceOpening 
TurboCurrency 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
3.2.4.4.    Applicable Rates: 
 
%Percentage 
%ExecFees 
 
The Applicable Rate is defined under Condition 3.2.0.1 above. 
 
3.2.4.5    Specific Definition(s): 
 
3.2.4.5.1 Specific Definitions relating to the determination of the Product Formula 
 
Active 
Future 
Contract [(i)][(t)] 
 
Means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], a [future 
contract] [Commodity] which is determined in accordance with the 
following: 
 
If [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is a Rolling Date: 
Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] is Target Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] 
 
If [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is not a Rolling Date: 
Active Future Contract [(i)][(t)] is Active Future Contract ([i][t]-1) 
 
Where Active Future Contract ([i][t]-1) is the Active Future Contract as 
of [Valuation Date(i-1)][calendar day (t-1)] 
FX[(i)][(t)]  
means, for any [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day (t)], the spot exchange 
rate as of the FXSourceFixingTime to convert the BaseCurrency into 
the TurboCurrency in respect of such [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day 
(t)], as published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. If no such 
rate is available on such [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day (t)], FX[(i)][(t)] 
shall be the first available spot exchange rate as of the 
FXSourceFixingTime 
to 
convert 
the 
BaseCurrency 
into 
the 
TurboCurrency following such day, as published by the FXSource, or 
any successor thereto. 
 
Price([i][t],[i][t],v) 
means, in respect of a [calendar day(t)][Valuation Date (i)] and a 
Calculation Time(v), the Intraday Price of the Active Future Contract 
[(i)][(t)] as defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions as 
of such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] and Calculation Time(v).  
 
Price([i][t]-1,[i][t]) 
means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], the 
[Commodity Reference Price][specify] of the Active Future Contract 
([i][t]-1) as of such Valuation Date(i), subject to the adjustments and 
provisions of the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
Price([i][t],[i][t]) 
means, in respect of each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], the 
[Commodity Reference Price][specify] of the Active Future Contract 
[(i)][(t)] as of such [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], subject to the 
adjustments and provisions of the relevant Additional Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
Rolling Date 
The Initial Valuation Date 
 
Then:

--- Page 294 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
294 
The [Commodity Business Day] [specify]  before the expiry date of the 
Active Future Contract. 
 
RollSpread[(i)][(t)] 
Means in respect of a [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] which is a 
Rolling Date, a number determined in accordance with the following: 
 
[RollSpread(i) = Price(i,i) – Price(i-1,i)] 
[RollSpread(t) = Price(t,t) – Price(t-1,t)] 
 
Target Active Future 
Contract [(i)][(t)] 
 
Means, in respect of each [Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)], a [future 
contract] [Commodity] which is determined in accordance with the Roll 
Schedule. 
Calculation Time 
means with respect to the Underlying, any time between the 
TimeReferenceOpening and the TimeReferenceClosing. 
 
UnderlyingPrice_FSP
[(i)][(t)]  
 
means, in respect of a [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] 
Price([i][t],[i][t]). 
 
Actualisation Date 
Means any of the following: 
 
- [the 15th calendar day of each calendar month or if such date is not 
a Valuation Date, the immediately succeeding Valuation Date] [;][and] 
 
- [each day which is a Rolling Date] [;][and] 
 
- [each Restrike Date] [;][and] 
 
- [specify] 
 
 
3.2.4.5.2 Specific Definitions relating to the Restrike Event 
 
Restrike Event 
A Restrike Event is deemed to have occurred, if on any [Valuation 
Date(i)][calendar day(t)] following the Initial Valuation Date (excluded), 
and on any Calculation Time (v), Price([i][t],v) is [lower than] [higher 
than] [or equal to] StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] (even if such 
[Valuation Date(i)][calendar day(t)] is subject to a Market Disruption 
Event or Disruption Event). 
 
Following the occurrence of a Restrike Event, at the end of the 
ObservationPeriod,  
 
(1)    the level of Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] shall be adjusted as follows: 
 
In case of Call Warrant: 
Exercise 
Price[(i)][(t)] 
= 
(UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] 
/ 
FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) x (1 – (1/TargetLeverage)) x (1 – %ExecFees) 
 
In case of Put Warrant 
Exercise 
Price[(i)][(t)] 
= 
(UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] 
/ 
FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) x (1 + (1/TargetLeverage)) x (1 + %ExecFees) 
 
With Unadjusted Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] defined as the level of 
Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] prior to the occurrence of such Restrike Event. 
 
(2)    StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] shall be adjusted as and equal to 
Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] x (1 + %Percentage[(i)][(t)]). 
 
(3)    Scaling Factor[(i)][(t)] shall be adjusted as follows: 
 
In case of Call Warrant:

--- Page 295 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
295 
[Scaling Factor [(i)][(t)] = Unadjusted Scaling Factor[(i)][(t)] x 
[(UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] 
/ 
FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) 
x 
(1 
- 
%ExecFees) 
- 
Unadjusted 
Exercise 
Price[(i)][(t)]] 
/ 
[(UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] 
/ 
FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) 
x 
(1 
- 
%ExecFees) - Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] ]] 
In case of Put Warrant: 
 
[Scaling Factor[(i)][(t)] = Unadjusted Scaling Factor[(i)][(t)] x [- 
Unadjusted Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] - (UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] / 
FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) x (1 + %ExecFees)] / [Exercise Price[(i)][(t)] - 
(UnderlyingPrice_RSD[(i)][(t)] 
/ 
FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]) 
x 
(1 
+ 
%ExecFees)]] 
 
With Unadjusted Scaling Factor(i) defined as the level of Scaling 
Factor(i) prior to the occurrence of such Restrike Event. 
 
FX_Restrike[(i)][(t)]  
means the spot exchange rate to convert the BaseCurrency into the 
TurboCurrency, as published by the FXSource, or any successor 
thereto on the Restrike Date as of the following time: 
 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
 
[the time at which the [lowest][highest] level of Price(i,v) is reached 
during the ObservationPeriod.] 
 
[If Option Unwind or if Option TWAP is applicable] 
 
[the time at which UnderlyingPrice_RSD(i) is determined during the 
ObservationPeriod]Provided that. if no such rate is available on such 
time, FX(i) shall be the first next available spot exchange rate 
thereafter convert the BaseCurrency into the TurboCurrency, as 
published by the FXSource, or any successor thereto. 
 
Restrike Date 
means the Initial Valuation Date and thereafter any [Valuation 
Date(i)][calendar day(t)] on which at least one Restrike Event Occurs 
 
ScalingFactor[(i)][(t)] 
means, in respect of Valuation Date[(i)][(t)], a multiplicative factor 
which is determined in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
Scaling Factor(0) = 1 
 
For each Valuation Date[(i)][(t)] subsequent to the Initial Valuation 
Date: 
 
if Valuation Date[(i)][(t)] is a Restrike Date: the factor determined in 
accordance with the “Restrike Event” section 
 
if Valuation Date[(i)][(t)] is not a Restrike Date: Scaling Factor([i][t]-1) 
 
StopLossLevelCurren
t[(i)][(t)]  
means, in respect of [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)], a level which 
is determined in accordance with the following formulae: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent(0) = StopLossLevelInitial 
 
For each [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] subsequent to the 
[Initial Valuation Date][Issue Date]: 
 
if [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is an Actualisation Date: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] = [Exercise Price[(i)][(t)]]  x (1 + 
%Percentage[(i)][(t)]) 
 
if [Valuation Date (i)][calendar day(t)] is not an Actualisation Date: 
 
StopLossLevelCurrent[(i)][(t)] = StopLossLevelCurrent([i][t]-1)

--- Page 296 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
296 
 
TargetLeverage 
 
Means a target leverage determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
Option 1 
 
In case of Call Warrant: 
 
TargetLeverage = Price(0) / (Price(0) – Exercise Price(0)) 
 
In case of Put Warrant: 
 
TargetLeverage = Price(0) / (Exercise Price(0) - Price(0)) 
 
Option 2 
 
In case of either Call Warrant or Put Warrant: 
 
TargetLeverage = TargetLeverageLevel  
 
where TargetLeverageLevel is specified in the Applicable Final Terms 
as variable data 
 
UnderlyingPrice_RSD
(i)  
Means: 
 
in respect of the Initial Valuation Date: 
 
Price(0) 
 
in respect of any subsequent Restrike Date, 
 
[If Option Extremum is applicable] 
 
the [lowest][highest] level of the Price([i][t],[i][t],v) during the 
ObservationPeriod. 
 
[If Option Unwind is applicable] 
 
[the value of the Underlying determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the basis of the price obtained in unwinding the hedging transactions 
entered 
into 
in 
connection with the Warrants during the 
ObservationPeriod immediately following the occurrence of an Early 
Expiration Event. UnderlyingPrice_RSD will be at the [minimum] 
[maximum] the [lowest] [highest] quotation of the Underlying 
ascertained by the Calculation Agent during such ObservationPeriod.] 
 
[If Option TWAP is applicable] 
 
[the time weighted average level of the Price([i][t],[i][t],v) during the 
ObservationPeriod.] 
 
 
3.2.4.6 Definition of the Parity in respect of Rolling Turbo 
 
In the particular context of Rolling Turbos on futures, the Parity will be determined on each Valuation Date(i) according to the following 
definition: 
 
Parity(i) means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i), InitialParity x (1/ Scaling Factor(i)) 
 
4.    CHARACTERISTICS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING TO REFERENCE PRICE(S) 
 
Reference Price means in respect of any date (t): 
 
(a) If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Share, an Index, a SGI Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded 
Fund (ETF), an Exchange Traded Product (ETP), a Commodity Index, a Fund, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an Inflation Index, a Non-

--- Page 297 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
297 
Equity Security or a Future, the relevant Exchange Reference Price as of such date (t) (as if such day (t) were a Valuation Date for 
the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))); 
 
(b) If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Commodity, the relevant Commodity Reference Price as defined in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants as of such date (t) (as if such day (t) were a Valuation Date for the purpose of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))); and 
 
(c) If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Reference Rate, the relevant Reference Rate Fixing as defined in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants as of such date (t) (as if such day (t) were a Valuation Date for 
the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))). 
 
Exchange Reference Price means, in respect of any date (t) and any Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) which is a Share, an 
Index, a SGI Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), an Exchange Traded Product (ETP), a Commodity 
Index, a Fund, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an Inflation Index, a Non-Equity Security or a Future, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
a.     If option "Closing Price" is applicable, the Closing Price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) as defined in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying(s) as of such date (t) (as if such day (t) were a Valuation Date for the purpose of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))) 
 
b.     If option "Fixing Price" is applicable, the [price][level][Intraday Price] of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) [as defined 
in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))] as of such date (t) and as of the 
ReferenceFixingTime (as if such day (t) were a Valuation Date for the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such 
Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))). 
 
c.     If option "TWAP" is applicable, the time weighted average price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) on such day (t), 
calculated between the TWAPStartTime (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) and the TWAPEndTime (as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
d.     If option "VWAP" is applicable, the volume weighted average price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) on such day 
(t), calculated between the VWAPStartTime (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) and the VWAPEndTime (as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
e.     If option "Best Effort" is applicable, any of the above options, provided that the Exchange Reference Price will correspond to 
the Exchange Reference Price that would be actually obtained by Societe Generale (or any of its affiliates) if it were to hedge such 
Exchange Reference Price on the relevant underlying exchanges, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
f.     If option "Bid-Ask Spread" is applicable, then either one of the following may apply: 
 
      (i)  Option A:  
 
       (A) if the relevant Exchange Reference Price is determined by reference to purchase order because of an increased exposure of 
the Warrant to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)), the resulting Exchange Reference Price shall be further adjusted and 
multiplied by (1 + SpreadMidAsk) (SpreadMidAsk being defined in the applicable Final Terms); and 
 
        (B) if the relevant Exchange Reference Price is determined by reference to sell order because of a decreased exposure of the 
Warrant to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)), the resulting Exchange Reference Price shall be further adjusted and 
multiplied by (1 - SpreadBidMid) (SpreadBidMid being defined in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
    (ii)  Option B: the Exchange Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by [(1 + SpreadMidAsk)][(1+ 
SpreadBidMid)][(SpreadMidAsk being defined in the applicable Final Terms)][ (SpreadBidMid being defined in the applicable Final 
Terms)] 
 
g.     If option "Opening Price" is applicable, the Opening Price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) as defined in the 
relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying(s) as of such date (t) (as if such day (t) were a Valuation Date for the 
purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))) 
 
Provided that, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, any of one of the above options may be applied in a different manner in 
respect of (i) different Valuation Dates, or Underlying Level Calculation Dates, as the case may be, or (ii) depending on whether a 
Modification (as defined in the relevant Condition of these Additional Terms and Conditions) applies in respect of the Valuation Date, 
or Underlying Level Calculation Date, as the case may be, as of which such Exchange Reference Price is determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
Relevant Foreign Exchange Rate or RelevantFXRate(i) or RelevantFXRate(i, X, Y, Price Source, Substitute Price Source, 
Valuation Time) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i), the fixing of the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are 
currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent based on the Price Source (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants) as of the Valuation Time (as such term is defined in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants). If (a) the Price Source (or any page that may be 
substituted for it) is not available or (b) the fixing of the foreign exchange rate is not available on the Price Source at the Valuation 
Time, the fixing shall be the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent

--- Page 298 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
298 
based on the Substitute Price Source (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange 
Rate Linked Warrants) at the Valuation Time, failing which if, on the Valuation Date(i) at the Valuation Time, (a) there is no Substitute 
Price Source defined in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the Substitute Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not 
available or (c) the fixing of such foreign exchange rate is not available on the Substitute Price Source at the Valuation Time, then the 
fixing for the foreign exchange rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Variable Data: 
 
ReferenceFixingTime 
SpreadMidAsk  
SpreadBidMid 
TWAPStartTime 
TWAPEndTime 
VWAPStartTime 
VWAPEndTime 
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 below. 
 
5.    GENERAL DEFINITIONS USED IN THESES ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FIXED LEVERAGE 
AND TURBO WARRANTS  
 
5.1     Indices and enumeration convention 
 
5.1.1     Generic indices used in Product Formulae definitions 
 
i or t or t1 or t2 means the reference to any date specified in the relevant Schedule.  
 
k or s means the reference to any Underlying specified in the relevant Basket.  
 
N means the number of Underlyings comprised in the relevant Basket. 
 
RVD(i) (Relevant Valuation Date and with the abbreviate RVD) means, in respect of any date (i), the reference to a date (which may 
be different from date(i)). 
 
ULCD(i) or Underlying Level Calculation Date(i) means, the dates which are defined in the relevant Schedule and which are used 
for the purpose of calculating a Product Formula, without such Underlying Level Calculation Date(i) having to be a Valuation Date for 
the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to the relevant Underlying. 
 
t0 (or "0") means the first date of the relevant Schedule. 
 
T means the last Valuation Date of the relevant Schedule. 
 
T2 means the last Underlying Level Calculation Date of the relevant Schedule. 
For the avoidance of doubt, i-1, t-1, t1-1, t2-1, T-1 or T2-1 (t+1,t1+1,t2+1, T+1 or T2+1) means the Valuation Date immediately 
preceding (following) i, t, t1, t2, T or T2. 
 
5.1.2     Enumeration convention 
 
Enumeration will be generally defined as follows:  
 
(i from t1 to t2) means any date(i) from and including t1 to and including t2. 
 
(k from 1 to N) means any Underlying(k) within a Basket from and including Underlying(1) to and including Underlying(N). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, lower and upper bounds of generic enumerations used in Product Formulae definitions can be modified 
to take into account specificities of Product Schedules, among other things. For instance (i from 0 to T) used in a generic Product 
Formula can become (i from 1 to T-1) for the purpose of defining a Product Formula in respect of a particular Product. 
 
5.2     Generic definitions 
 
Gross Ordinary Distribution means: 
 
-      In respect of an Underlying which is a Share, a Depositary Receipt, or an ETF, the distribution which is an ordinary cash dividend 
(or distribution with similar characteristics) and which does not give rise to any Potential Adjustment Event.  
 
-      In respect of an Underlying which is a Bond, a Fund, a Commodity, a Reference Rate, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an ETP, a 
Future or a Non-Equity Security, a distribution or amount which does not give rise to any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of the Additional Terms and Conditions for such Underlying.

--- Page 299 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
299 
-      In respect of an Underlying which is an Index or a SGI Index, the sum of distributions (including dividends and coupons), expressed 
in index points, paid in cash by the components of the Index which do not give rise to any adjustment at the level of such Index, in 
each case multiplied by their relevant quantity in the Index and converted into the currency of the index using the relevant currency 
exchange rate as published by the FXSource. 
 
-      In respect of an Underlying which is an Index or a SGI Index, and only if “Account for All Dividends” is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the sum of Gross Ordinary Distributions (including dividends and coupons), expressed in index points, 
paid in cash by the components of the Index as if the components of such Index were the Underlying, regardless of whether such 
distributions actually give or do not give rise to any adjustment at the level of such Index; and in each case multiplied by their relevant 
quantity in the Index and converted into the currency of the index using the relevant currency exchange rate as published by the 
FXSource. 
 
Any Gross Ordinary Distribution shall be determined by the Calculation Agent before the withholding or deduction of taxes at the 
source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such a Gross Ordinary Distribution, and shall 
exclude any imputation or other credits, refunds or deductions granted by any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of 
such Gross Ordinary Distribution and any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits imposed, withheld, assessed or levied thereon.  
 
Notional Amount means the notional amount of each Warrant specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Product Amount defined as such in the Overview of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
Product Formula defined as such in the Overview of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if no currency is specified, the currency 
of the Notional Amount of the relevant Warrants. 
 
Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) means the underlying asset (respectively underlying asset (k)) being used as underlying to 
the relevant Warrant Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. "Underlying" shall have the meaning given to it in the 
Terms and Conditions. 
 
5.3     Schedules, dates and days 
 
ACT(i1,i2) means the number of calendar days between the Valuation Date(i1) (included) and the Valuation Date(i2) (excluded). 
 
Business Day means a Business Day as defined in the Terms and Conditions or in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Early Settlement Date or Settlement Date means payment dates as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which in the case of 
the Early Settlement Date, shall be deemed to also be the Event-linked Early Settlement Date, in the paragraphs "Optional Early 
Settlement Date" and/or "Event-linked Early Settlement Date", as the case may be. 
 
Schedule defined as such in the Overview of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants. 
 
Valuation Date or Relevant Valuation Date ("RVD") or any other date, each defined in the applicable Final Terms, means in respect 
of an Underlying, the date defined as the Valuation Date or Averaging Date in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to the Underlying. 
 
5.4     General Variable Data 
 
The following Variable Data shall be specified when relevant in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
%CollatCostRateInitial means the initial value of %CollatCostRate. 
 
%DistRateInitial[(k)] means the initial value of %DistRate for Underlying[(k)]. 
 
%DistRateBasketInitial[(k)] means the initial value of %DistRateBasket for Underlying[(k)]. 
 
%DistRateBasketLongInitial[(m)] means the initial value of %DistRateBasketLong for Underlying[(m)]. 
 
%DistRateBasketShortInitial[(s)] means the initial value of %DistRateBasketShort for Underlying[(s)]. 
 
%ExecFeesLevel means the value of %ExecFees. 
 
%Gap&ReplicationRateInitial means the initial value of %Gap&ReplicationRate. 
 
%FinancingRate[A/B]Initial means the initial value of %FinancingRate[A/B]. 
 
%QuantoRateInitial means the initial value of %QuantoRate. 
 
%RepoRateInitial means the initial value of %RepoRate.

--- Page 300 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
300 
%MarginCostInitial means the initial value of %MarginCost. 
 
%SpreadLevelInitial means the initial value of %SpreadLevel. 
 
BarrierLevelAutocall means the barrier that, once reached, triggers an Early Expiration Event. This Variable Data can be an amount, 
a percentage or a level. 
 
BaseAmount means a reference amount. 
 
BaseCurrency or BasketCurrency or LeveragedStrategyCurrency or TurboCurrency means a reference currency. 
 
BaseSettlementLevel or BaseSettlementLevel_ESP or BaseSettlementLevel_FSP means a constant amount, percentage or 
level. 
 
Basis means a number that will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
BSCLInitial means the initial level of the Benchmark Strategy Closing Level for Fixed Leverage Products. 
 
CapitalisationRate means a rate designed to reflect the time between the Last Valuation Date and the last Settlement Date. 
 
CashLevelInitial means the initial additive adjustment factor which is used to determine UnderlyingLevel. 
 
Collateralisation Percentage refers to a hypothetical collateralisation percentage. 
 
ContractTable1 means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i) and an Underlying, a table containing the starting and expiring time of the 
first nearby future contracts. 
 
ContractTable2 means, in respect of a Valuation Date(i) and an Underlying, a table containing the starting and expiring time of the 
second nearby future contracts. 
 
DailyRestrikePercentage means a percentage which is used to determine the level of the barrier which, if reached by the Underlying, 
triggers an Intraday Restrike Event for Fixed Leverage Products. 
 
DayCountBasis or DayCountBasisCommission or DayCountBasisRate means the number of day in a year used in order to de-
annualise a rate. 
 
ERLSCLInitial means the initial level of the Excess Return Leveraged Strategy Closing Level for Fixed Leverage Products. 
 
ExercisePriceInitial means the initial level of the Exercise Price for Turbo Products. 
 
FXSource or FXSource1 or FXSource2 means the source of foreign exchange used to determine foreign exchange rates. 
 
FXSourceFixingTime or FXSourceFixingTime1 or FXSourceFixingTime2 means a time in a day used to determine a foreign 
exchange rate fixing. 
 
GlobalAdditiveFactor means the additive factor applied to a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the exposure 
to such Product Formula. 
 
GlobalCap means the maximum level or percentage or amount that can be reached by the component of a Product Formula to which 
it is applied; if the component to which it is applied is higher than the GlobalCap, the component will be deemed equal to the 
GlobalCap. GlobalCap may be an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
GlobalFloor means the minimum level or percentage or amount that can be reached by the component of a Product Formula to 
which it is applied; if the component to which it is applied is lower than the GlobalFloor, the component will be deemed equal to the 
GlobalFloor. GlobalFloor may be an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
GlobalMultiplicativeFactor means the multiplicative factor applied to a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the 
exposure to such Product Formula. 
 
H or HInitial or HLong or HLongInitial or HShort or HShortInitial means an initial additive adjustment factor which is used to 
determine AdjustedBasketValue. 
 
InitialBasketValue or InitialBasketValueLong or InitialBasketValueShort means a reference value used to determine the relevant 
UnderlyingLevel, which may differ from the initial value of the relevant OneDeltaBasket or OneDeltaBasketLong or 
OneDeltaBasketShort. 
 
InitialValue means a reference value. 
 
InitialParity means a number specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 301 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
301 
Leverage means the multiplicative factor applied to one or several component(s) of a Product Formula in order to either increase or 
decrease the exposure to these component(s) of a Product Formula. These Variable Data can be an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
LeverageInitial means the initial level of Leverage. 
 
Leverage_Cap means the maximum level that can be reached by the Leverage. 
 
Leverage_Floor means the minimum level that can be reached by the Leverage. 
 
LSCLInitial means the initial level of the Leveraged Strategy Closing Level for Fixed Leverage Products. 
 
MultiplierInitial means the initial multiplicative factor which is used to determine the initial value of the Multiplier. 
 
N means a number specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
NumberMonth1 or NumberMonth2 means the next month number used to determine the active future contract. 
 
NumberNearbyContract1 or NumberNearbyContract2 means the nearby contract number used to determine the active future 
contract. 
 
PCP means a reference percentage used in the determination of the %CollatCostRate. 
 
QInitial(k) (k from 1 to N) or QLongInitial(m) (m from 1 to NLong) or QShortInitial(s) (s from 1 to NShort) means the initial 
quantity of an underlying within a basket. 
 
RateOvernight means an rate (usually overnight) which is used to determine CashRate in the context of Fixed Leverage Products. 
 
RateOvernightScreenPage means the screen page used to observe RateOvernight. 
 
RatioInitial means the initial value of the Ratio. 
 
RatioResetThreshold means a threshold which is used to determine when the Ratio of a Fixed Leveraged Warrant is to be 
automatically reset. 
 
ReferenceCollateralAssets means a description of reference collateral assets used to determine the %CollatCostRate. 
 
ReferenceCountry means a country used to determine the dividend rate that a hypothetical investor located in such country would 
receive. 
 
ReferenceFixingTime means the specific time used to determine the Fixing Price of an Underlying when the option Fixing Price is 
chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
 
RollEndDate or RollStartDate means a date which is used to determine a roll period. 
 
Roll Schedule means a table used to determine the Target Active Future Contract. 
 
SpreadMidAsk means the Spread used to adjust the Exchange Reference Price when the option Bid-Ask Spread is chosen to 
determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
 
SpreadBidMid means the Spread used to adjust the Exchange Reference Price when the option Bid-Ask Spread is chosen to 
determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
 
StopLossLevelInitial means the initial value of CurrentStopLossLevelCurrent. 
 
StopLossEventPeriod means a period which starts after a stop loss event and during which the Settlement Price is determined in 
case of Turbos. 
 
Threshold means the threshold under or above which the participation to the level or performance of the Underlying(s) is adjusted. 
This Variable Data can be an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
Target_Volatility means a target level of volatility. 
 
TimeReferenceClosing or TimeReferenceOpening means a time used to determine reference prices. 
 
TRUSCLInitial means the initial level of the Total Return Unleveraged Strategy Closing Level for Fixed Leverage Products. 
 
TWAPStartTime means the specific time used to determine the beginning of the period considered to compute the time weighted 
average price of an Underlying when the option TWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price.

--- Page 302 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
302 
TWAPEndTime means the specific time used to determine the end of the period considered to compute the time weighted average 
price of an Underlying when the option TWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
 
UnitaryCashLegInitial or UnitaryDistInitial or UnitaryReplicationInitial means an initial additive adjustment factor which is used 
to determine UnderlyingLevel. 
 
VWAPStartTime means the specific time used to determine the beginning of the period considered to compute the volume weighted 
average price of an Underlying when the option VWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price.  
 
VWAPEndTime means the specific time used to determine the end of the period considered to compute the volume weighted average 
price of an Underlying when the option VWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
 
6.    DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MATHEMATICAL OPERATORS AND SYMBOLS  
 
Where a given formula contains signs from both Groups 1 and 2 below, the operations required by the signs in Group 1 should be 
computed first, followed by the operations required by the signs in Group 2. 
 
Group 1 signs: / or x or * 
 
Group 2 signs: + or –  
 
+ 
means that the item preceding this sign is added to 
the item following this sign. 
- 
means that the item following this sign is deducted 
from the item preceding this sign. 
/ 
means that the item preceding this sign is divided by 
the item following this sign. 
x or * 
means that the item preceding this sign will be 
multiplied by the item following this sign. 
> 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when 
used in a condition, must be, strictly higher than an 
item Y following this sign (E.g.: "If X>Y then,…" 
means that X must be strictly higher than Y for such 
condition to be met). 
< 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when 
used in a condition, must be, strictly lower than an 
item Y following this sign (E.g.: "If X<Y then,…" 
means that X must be strictly lower than Y for such 
condition to be met). 
>= 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when 
used in a condition, must be, equal to or higher than 
an item Y following this sign (E.g.: "If X ≥ Y then,…" 
means that X must be equal to or higher than Y for 
such condition to be met).  
<= 
means that an item X preceding this sign is, or when 
used in a condition, must be, equal to or lower than 
an item Y following this sign (E.g.: "If X ≤ Y then,…" 
means that X must be equal to or lower than Y for 
the condition to be met). 
i from X to Y 
means that within the countable list of the designated 
item to which i applies (as defined above), only the 
items with a rank between X and Y both included (X 
and Y are numbers) are considered. 
i from X to Y and ≠ i0 by extension the item ranked 
i0 is excluded from the above list. 
Min(X;Y) 
means that the considered level is the lowest level 
between the levels of the two numbers X and Y. 
Min or min or MIN or Minimum 
means, for the item to which it applies, the lowest 
level that the item will take

--- Page 303 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
303 
E.g. Min(n from 1 to 10) FunctionLevel(n) means the 
lowest 
level 
among 
the 
10 
levels 
that 
FunctionLevel(n) takes 
Max(X;Y) 
means that the considered level is the highest level 
between the levels of the two numbers X and Y. 
Max or max or MAX or Maximum 
means, for the item to which it applies, the highest 
level that the item will take 
E.g. Max(n from 1 to 10) FunctionLevel(n) means the 
highest 
level 
among 
the 
10 
levels 
that 
FunctionLevel(n) takes 
 or Sum (n from 1 to X) or Sum 
means, for the item to which it applies, the sum of 
the X levels that the item will take. 
 
Sum of a and b means a + b. 
E.g.:   
 
FunctionLevel(n) means the sum of the 10 levels that 
FunctionLevel(n) takes when n varies from 1 to 10. 
  
or Average(n from 1 to  X) or Arithmetic 
Average 
 
E.g.: 
 
FunctionLevel(n) means the arithmetic average of 
the 10 levels that FunctionLevel(n) takes. 
│X│ or Abs (X) or Absolute Value of X 
means the maximum between X and -X.  
or X^n 
means that the level to be considered is the result of 
X multiplied by itself "n-1" times (E.g.: 
means 
2*2*2*2*2 (i.e. 2 multiplied by itself 4 times) = 32). 
√X or the square root of X 
means that the level to be considered is the number 
which when multiplied by itself gives X (E.g.: √9 = 3 
since 3*3 = 9.) 
 or Product 
means, for the item to which it applies, the product of 
the x levels that the item will take. 
 
Product of a and b means a x b. 
 
 
E.g.: 
     means (1+1)(2+1)(3+1) = 2 × 3 × 4 = 
24 
LN(x) = ln(x) = Ln(x) 
means logarithm to the base e of x, for example 
LN(2) = 0.69315. 
INT(x) 
means the function which gives the integer part of 
the number x (rounded down to the closest integer 
number).  
 
E.g.: INT(2.3) = 2, INT(1.6) = 1, INT(-1.4) = -2, INT(-
4.6) = -5. 
IND(condition) 
means the characteristic function of the condition 
which is equal to 1 if the condition is satisfied and 
which is equal to 0 if the condition is not satisfied 
 
E.g.:    S(0): Closing Price of the Underlying on 
Valuation Date(0) 
 
S(1): Closing Price of the Underlying on Valuation 
Date(1)

--- Page 304 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Fixed Leverage and Turbo Warrants 
 
 
304 
 
if S(0) > S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 1 
if S(0) = S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 0 
if S(0) < S(1), then IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 0 
Ratio 
Ratio between a and b means a / b 
Difference 
Difference between a and b means a – b

--- Page 305 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
305 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE  
 
 
The following Additional Terms and Conditions relating to formulae (the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae) 
will apply with respect to an Issue of Warrants that are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Formula-Linked Warrants. 
Where these Additional Terms and Conditions are applicable to an Issue of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms will specify in a 
clause called "Reference of the Product" a reference to a paragraph of the Condition 3 below.   
 
The definitions used in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae may also apply to a Warrants the applicable Final 
Terms of which specify that all or part of the capitalised terms used therein have the meaning as described to them in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae.  
 
For the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae, a Warrant to which they apply is a Product. 
  
Each Product forms part of a family of products (the Family of Products). 
 
OVERVIEW

--- Page 306 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
306 
 
 
Diagram: 
 
The following diagram provides an overview of the organisation of each Family of Products, using the example of the Family of 
Products "Base Product" (as set out in detail in Condition 3.1 below). 
 
Each Product belongs to a Family and is defined by two Product Amounts. In this example :
Family of 
Products 3.1 
 
Product 3.1.1 
Product 3.1.2 
Within each Family, for each Product, two Product Amounts are defined: 
 
 
 

Early Settlement Price (if any) 
 

Final Settlement Price 
Product Amount = 
Notional Amount x 
Product Formula 
 
Product Formula 

Early Settlement Price 
(If any) 

Final Settlement Price 
Reference Formula(e) 
Condition 4 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae 
Underlyings 
Terms and conditions relating to the 
relevant Underlying(s) 
Generic Features 
Generic terms and conditions 
Schedules 
Final Terms 
Specific Definitions 
Condition 3 of the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae 

Generic Variable Data 
Condition 5 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae 

Specific Variable Data 
Condition 3 of the Additional Terms 
and Conditions relating to Formulae

--- Page 307 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
307 
 
 
 
 
Contents and description 
Family of Product 
A Family of Products is a group of Product having similar 
characteristics. For each Family of Product, formulae and variable 
data are defined in order to determine the Product  Amounts 
(defined below).  
 
Reference of the Product 
A Reference of the Product is a three-digit reference number with 
the first two digits corresponding to the reference of the Family of 
Product to which the Product belongs and the third digit 
corresponding to the Product itself. The applicable Final Terms of 
a Product shall indicate the Reference of the Product (which 
corresponds to a paragraph of Condition 3 below where are listed 
all the formulae and variable data used to determine the Product 
Amounts (defined below)), and as the case may be, the Options 
and Add-ons necessary to determine these amounts.  
 
 
 
Product: 
A Product is a Warrant to which these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae apply and having one or more Early 
Settlement Price(s) (if any), and a Final Settlement Price (each a Product Amount and together, the Product Amounts), each 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of a set of definitions and formulae listed in Condition 3 below in the relevant 
paragraph corresponding to the Reference of the Product. 
Early Settlement Price (s) (if any) 
[as described in Condition 1.2 below] 
Common principles: 
 
For each Product, the Product Amount is equal to the formula 
(Notional Amount x Product Formula). A Product Amount may be 
simplified to the Product Formula if the Notional Amount is set to 
"Not applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For each Product and each Product Amount, a Product Formula 
is based on and/or combines one or more specific definitions and 
formulae, called Variable Data and ReferenceFormula(e).  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Variable Data and 
ReferenceFormula(e) can be associated with a particular Product 
Formula and, for each Product Formula, one or several Options 
and/or Add-ons may be applicable.  
 
Product Formula = Function{Schedule(s); Specific Definition(s); 
Variable Data; Reference Formula(e); Add-on(s); Option(s)}  
Specific Product Formula(e) and/or Variable Data and/or 
Applicable Rate(s) may be defined for each Product Amount. 
 
Final Settlement Price 
[as described in Condition 1.3 below] 
 
 
The following provisions will apply for the Early Settlement Price (if any) and the Final Settlement Price: 
Schedule 
[as described in Condition 2.1 below] 
A Schedule means (i) either Valuation Date(s) or Relevant 
Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s) listed in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (ii) Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or 
any other date(s) comprised within a period defined in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be used for 
the determination and calculation of a particular Product Amount. 
For ease of reading, Schedules may be renamed (e.g. Period, 
Corridor Period, Interest Period, European Knock-In Period, 
American Knock-In Period...).  
 
Furthermore, in respect of Product Formula and a particular 
Schedule, also for ease of reading, Valuation Date or Relevant 
Valuation Date may be renamed (for instance, for a Schedule

--- Page 308 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
308 
made of daily Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed 
"Daily Valuation Date", for a Schedule with annual Relevant 
Valuation Dates, "Relevant Valuation Date" may be renamed 
"Annual Valuation Date", for another Schedule relating to a specific 
Underlying_A, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Underlying_A 
Valuation Date",...). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, all these dates whatever their names 
shall be considered as Valuation Dates as defined in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s), 
with the exception of the Averaging Date which shall keep the 
meaning of Averaging Date as defined in the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s). 
 
General Definitions  
[as described in Condition 2.2 below] 
Means the definitions in Condition 5 below that may apply to any 
Family of Product and any Product within a Family of Product. 
 
Specific Definition(s) 
[as described in Condition 2.2 below] 
Means, if relevant, definition(s) and formula(e) required for the 
determination and calculation of a Product Amount, specific to a 
particular Product. In Condition 3, when the determination of a 
Product Formula of a Product Amount needs one or several 
specific definitions, a paragraph "Specific Definitions" will appear 
in the paragraph of the corresponding Product with either (i) a 
specific definition contained in these Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Formulae or (ii) the reference(s) to the 
Conditions below where the Specific Definition(s) is/are necessary 
for the determination and calculation of the a Product Amount of 
such Product can be found. 
 
Variable Data 
[as described in Condition 2.3 below] 
Means, for the Product Formula of a Product Amount, the variable 
data used as input(s) in the Product Formula for the determination 
and calculation of the Product Amount and specified with the 
relevant (inter alia) amount, level, percentage or the value of the 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reference Formula(e) 
[as described in Condition 2.4 below] 
Means, a formula appearing among the list of Reference Formulae 
appearing in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29 and which serves to notice or 
to calculate (i) the price of an Underlying called Reference Price,
(ii) the Level of an Underlying called Reference Level, (iii) the 
Performance of an Underlying called Reference Performance 
and/or (iv) the Fixing of a Reference Rate called Reference 
Fixing, used as the case may be, for one or several Product 
Formula(e) of one or several Product Amount(s). 
Any Reference Formula may be indexed to any type of Underlying 
which terms and conditions are governed by the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying. 
The Reference Formulae listed in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29 are 
grouped by family.  
 
Add-on 
[as described in Condition 1.4 below] 
Means the list of generic features that can be applied to any 
standard Product Formula(e) in order to either supplement or 
modify or supersede these standard Product Formula(e). The 
clause "Reference of the Product" in the applicable Final Terms 
will specify the Add-on(s) applicable to such Product.  
 
Option 1, 2,…X  
Means within a same Family of Product or Add-on the different 
variations of the Product Formula(e) used for the calculation of a 
Product Amount. These different Options are described in 
Condition 3. The clause "Reference of the Product" of the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate the Option applicable to the 
Product. 
 
Scenario 1, 2,…X 
Means, the fact that a Product Amount of a single Product may be 
determined and calculated in different ways depending on the 
occurrence of one or more events involving one or more Reference 
Formula(e) defined below.

--- Page 309 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
309 
1.      PROVISIONS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING THE PRODUCT AMOUNTS  
 
The provisions described hereunder are applicable to all the different Product Formulae described in Condition 3. 
 
1.1     Reserved 
 
1.2      Early Settlement Price 
 
   1.2.1   General description 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" is "Applicable", any relevant Product Formula 
used to determine the Early Settlement Price(s) appearing in the paragraph relating to the Reference of the Product in Condition 3 
below will be replicated in the paragraph "Event-linked Early Settlement Price" of the applicable Final Terms with the values taken by 
the relevant Variable Data, ReferenceFormula(e), Schedule(s), indication of the Specific Definitions, applicable Add-ons and/or 
Options: 
 
Event-linked Early Settlement Price: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions, the Event-linked Early Settlement Price for 
each Warrant shall be the Early Settlement Price for each Warrant 
which will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the following provisions: 
 
[Insert the Early Settlement Price of the Product corresponding to 
the relevant Reference of the Product. The applicable definitions to 
the Product Formula(e) will be inserted in the clause "Definitions 
relating to the Product" of the applicable Final Terms.] 
 
   1.2.2   Early Expiration 
 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(s)(t), Reference Date(s)(x) or Reference Date(s)(y) means  
 
    -    [the Valuation Date(i)] or  
 
    -    [the date(t) (respectively date(x) or date(y)) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or  
 
    -    [each of Valuation Date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) within the Automatic Early Redemption 
Event Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [at least one Valuation Date(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) within the Early Expiration Event 
Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [[NumberofDays] consecutive Valuation Date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) within the  Early 
Expiration Event Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) within 
the Early Expiration Event Schedule(i)] or 
 
    -    [date(s)(t) (respectively Valuation Date(s)(x) or Valuation Date(s)(y)) within the Early Expiration Event Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [each of date(s)(t) (respectively date(s)(x) or date(s)(y)) within the Early Expiration Event Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [at least one date(t) (respectively date(s)(x) or date(s)(y)) within the Early Expiration Event Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [[NumberofDays] consecutive date(s)(t) (respectively date(s)(x) or date(s)(y)) within the Early Expiration Event Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [at least [NumberofDays] non consecutive date(s)(t) (respectively date(s)(x) or date(s)(y)) within the Early Expiration Event 
Schedule(i)] or  
 
    -    [each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or  
 
    -    [at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]  
 
as defined in the applicable Final Terms if the case may be. 
 
a)   Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying

--- Page 310 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
310 
Early Expiration Event(i) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[[ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is 
[higher] [lower] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier] [AutocallBarrier(i)]] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t)] 
or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Closing Price [S(t)]] is 
[higher] [lower] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier_2] [AutocallBarrier_2(i)]]. 
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
Early Expiration Event(i) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[[ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t)] [ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_Autocall(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is [higher] 
[lower] than [or equal to] [AutocallBarrier] [AutocallBarrier(i,k)]] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] Knock-in Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [on Reference Date(s)(x)] [a European] [an 
American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] Knock-in Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t)] 
[ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2(t,k) of 
at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one 
Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] 
[AutocallBarrier_2] [AutocallBarrier_2(i,k)]]. 
 
b)   Variable Data: 
NumberofDays; AutocallBarrier; AutocallBarrier_2 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
c)   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall; ReferenceFormula_Autocall_2; Closing Price; Intraday Price 
 
 
1.3    Final Settlement Price of the Warrants  
 
Any relevant Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price of the relevant Product appearing in the paragraph relating 
to the Reference of the Product in Condition 3 below will be replicated in the clause "Final Settlement Price" of the Final Terms with 
the values taken by the Variable Data, the ReferenceFormula(e), the necessaries Schedule(s), the indication of the Specific 
Definitions, applicable Add-ons and/or Options set out in Conditions 1.4, 2.1, 2.2, 2.3 and 2.4, as the case may be, below: 
 
Final Settlement Price: 
Unless previously exercised or cancelled in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions, the Final Settlement Price for each Warrant 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following provisions: 
 
[Insert the Final Settlement Price of the Product corresponding to 
the relevant Reference of the Product. The applicable definitions 
to the Product Formula(e) will be inserted in the clause "Definitions 
relating to the Product" of the applicable Final Terms.] 
 
1.4    Add-ons relating to Product Formulae 
 
When an Add-on is used in respect of the Product Formula of a Product Amount defined in Condition 3 below, this will supplement, 
modify or supersede, such Product Formula.  
 
For each Product Amount in respect of which an Add-on is used, the relevant Product Amount section of the applicable Final Terms 
shall include the reference to (a) the relevant Add-on (Conditions 1.4.1 to 1.4.11 below), (b) the applicable Option in relation to the 
relevant Add-on (Conditions 1.4.5 to 1.4.6 below) and (c) the applicable Product Formula(e) (Condition 3 below) and / or Variable 
Data (Condition 5 below). 
 
1.4.1   Add-on relating to Early Settlement Price 
 
If the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" of a Product of a Family of Products is specified as being "Applicable" in Condition 3 
below, this may nevertheless be modified as follows in accordance with the information indicated in the clause "Reference of the 
Product" of the applicable Final Terms:  
 
   -   this clause may be set as "Not applicable" in the applicable Final Terms of the Product and, consequently, no Early Settlement 
Price shall be determined in respect of the Product;

--- Page 311 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
311 
   -   the Product Formula(e) predefined relating to the Early Settlement Price may be superseded by one or more Product Formula(e) 
relating to the Early Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Products described in Condition 3 below; 
 
   -   the Product Formula(e) predefined relating to the Early Settlement Price may be superseded by one or more Product Formula(e) 
relating to the Final Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below, calculated 
on the relevant valuation date(s) linked to the Early Settlement Price. 
 
if the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" of a Product of a Family of Products is specified as being "Not applicable" in Condition 
3 below, this may nevertheless be modified to" Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms to the Product and, consequently, an Early 
Settlement Price shall be determined for this Product by applying (i) the Product Formula relating to the Early Settlement Price of any 
other Product of any other Family of Products described in Condition 3 below or (ii) the Product Formula(e) relating to the Final 
Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below, calculated on the relevant 
valuation date(s) linked to the Early Settlement Price. 
 
1.4.2   Reserved 
 
1.4.3   Add-on to Credit Linked or Bond Linked Products 
 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below (relating to the Early Settlement Price and/or the Final Settlement Price) of a 
Product of the Family of Products other than "Credit or Bond Linked Products" may be superseded or supplemented by any other 
Product Formula (relating to the Early Settlement Price and/or the Final Settlement Price) of a Product of the Family of Product "Credit 
or Bond Linked Products". In such a case, all the provisions applicable to the Family of Product "Credit or Bond Linked Products" in 
case of occurrence of one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) or Bond Event Determination Date(s) (as applicable) will apply 
to a Product Formula, notwithstanding Condition 1.1.1.1 and 1.2.1(i) of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
and Condition 1 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants, as applicable.   
 
In addition, when relevant: 
 
a. The formula of the Early Settlement Price if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) will be adjusted as per 
below:   
 
   -   "Notional Amount" will be replaced by "Credit Event Payment Amount" in the formula of the Early Settlement Price; or   
 
   -   the full formula of the “Early Settlement Price” will be replaced by "Credit Event Payment Amount".  
 
b. The formula of the Final Settlement Price if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) will be adjusted as per 
below:  
 
   -   "Notional Amount" will be replaced by "Credit Event Payment Amount" in the formula of the Final Settlement Price; or  
 
   -   the full formula of the “Final Settlement Price” will be replaced by "Credit Event Payment Amount".  
 
1.4.4   Reserved 
 
1.4.5   Add-on relating to Global Factors 
 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a Product Amount may be modified by the 
addition of a GlobalCap, GlobalFloor, GlobalAdditiveFactor and GlobalMultiplicativeFactor: 
 
Option 1: If a GlobalCap applies, then: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Min(GlobalCap ; ProductFormula), with GlobalCap being a Variable Data specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Option 2: If a GlobalFloor applies, then: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Max(GlobalFloor ; ProductFormula), with GlobalFloor being a Variable Data specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Option 3: If a GlobalAdditiveFactor applies, then: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x (ProductFormula + GlobalAdditiveFactor), with GlobalAdditiveFactor being a Variable Data 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Option 4: If a GlobalMultiplicativeFactor applies, then: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x ProductFormula x GlobalMultiplicativeFactor, with GlobalMultiplicativeFactor being a Variable 
Data specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.

--- Page 312 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
312 
 
1.4.6   Add-on relating to Foreign Exchange Rates 
 
Any Product Formula defined in Condition 3 below and used to determine and calculate a Product Amount expressed in a currency 
other than the Settlement Currency may be modified as follows in order to ensure that the Product Amount is denominated and paid 
in the Settlement Currency: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Product Formula [ x FXRate(t1) ] [ / FXRate(t2) ] 
 
In the case of Credit Linked Warrants or Bond Linked Warrants, when relevant: 
 
a.    the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, expressed in the Settlement Currency, may be converted into a currency other than the 
Settlement Currency (the Hedge Currency) at the beginning of the lifetime of the product. In such case, the following precision will 
be given in the applicable Final Terms with respect to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount: 
 
Upon receipt of the proceeds settled and denominated in the Settlement Currency relating to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, 
Societe Generale, when entering into hedging transactions in its role of Issuer of the Warrants or in its role of provider of hedging 
instruments to the Issuer of the Warrants, as the case may be, will convert such proceeds denominated in the Settlement Currency 
into the Hedge Currency, in accordance with FXRate(0), and will hedge the product by using the proceeds converted into the Hedge 
Currency. 
 
b.    when the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount has been converted into the Hedge Currency, the Notional Amount, the Cash 
Settlement Amount, or any amount used to determine an amount to be paid by the Issuer to the Warrantholders as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each of such amount being thus deemed to be expressed in the Hedge Currency, may be converted into the 
Settlement Currency in order to ensure that the related Product Amount, or any other related amount to be paid by the Issuer to 
Warrantholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount, is denominated and paid in the Settlement Currency. In such case: 
 
- FXRate(i) (i from 1 to T) shall be multiplied to the Product Formula of the related Product Amount or be taken into account in 
determining any other related amount to be paid by the Issuer to Warrantholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount; and 
 
- the following precision will be given in the applicable Final Terms with respect to the related Product Amount, or any other related 
amount to be paid by the Issuer to Warrantholders and not deemed to be a Product Amount: 
 
Pursuant to the initial conversion into the Hedge Currency of the proceeds settled and denominated in the Settlement Currency 
relating to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, [the Notional Amount] [the Cash Settlement Amount] [any amount used to 
determine an amount to be paid by the Issuer to the Warrantholders as specified in the applicable Final Terms], and any other related 
amount, will be deemed to be denominated in the Hedge Currency. 
 
[The related Product Amount] [Any other related amount to be paid by the Issuer to Warrantholders and not deemed to be a Product 
Amount], and when relevant, any other amount relating to the reimbursement of capital to be received by the Warrantholders, will be 
payable in the Settlement Currency. 
 
Each FXRate(i) (i from 0 to T) mentioned above will be defined in accordance with Condition 4 herein. 
 
1.4.7   Add-on relating to CapitalisationRate 
 
For some Products for which there is a significant period of time between the Last Valuation Date and the Settlement Date, the Product 
Formula can become: 
 
-     Product Amount = Notional Amount x Product Formula x CapitalisationRate 
 
With CapitalisationRate calculated on the relevant period of calculation.  
 
As an illustration, such CapitalisationRate can be Eonia Rate, …  
 
1.4.8   Add-on relating to hedging fees applicable to a Product Formula 
 
For some Products for which specific hedging fees are applicable, the Product Formula can become: 
 
Product Amount = Notional Amount x Product Formula x Hedging Fees Factor 
 
And 
 
Hedging Fees Factor(i) = Product(t from 1 to t) [ (1 - Factor_1(t-1) × Act(t-1,t)/360) × (1 - (Factor_Fees(t-1)+Factor_Gap(t-1) 
+Factor_Collat(t-1)+Factor_Quanto(t-1)) × Ac(t-1,t)/360) × (1 + Factor_Rate(t-1) ×Act(t-1,t)/[360][365] )] 
 
Where: 
 
Factor_1(t) means [0] [Factor_1, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product.] [a rate which is an 
annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product. Factor_1(0) is equal to Factor_1 as of Valuation Date(0) and for each

--- Page 313 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
313 
subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_1(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall not exceed 
Factor_1_Max.] 
 
Factor_Fees(t) means [0] [Factor_Fees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product.] [a rate which 
is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product. Factor_Fees(t) will be equal to Factor_Fees as of Valuation 
Date(0) and for each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_Fees(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided 
that it shall not exceed Factor_Fees_Max.] [the sum of the Factor_AdvisoryFees(t), the Factor_DistributionFees(t) and the 
Factor_StructuringFees(t).] 
 
Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) means [0] [Factor_AdvisoryFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Weighting Advisor.] [a rate which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid 
to the Weighting Advisor. Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) will be equal to Factor_AdvisoryFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for each 
subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_AdvisoryFees (t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall 
not exceed Factor_AdvisoryFees_Max.] 
 
Factor_DistributionFees(t) means [0] [Factor_DistributionFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Distributor.] [a rate which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid to the 
Distributor. Factor_DistributionFees(t) will be equal to Factor_DistributionFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for each subsequent 
Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_DistributionFees(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall not exceed 
Factor_DistributionFees_Max.] 
 
Factor_StructuringFees(t) means [0] [Factor_StructuringFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Calculation Agent.] [a rate which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product and paid 
to the Calculation Agent. Factor_StructuringFees(t) will be equal to Factor_StructuringFees as of Valuation Date(0) and for each 
subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of Factor_StructuringFees (t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent provided that it shall 
not exceed Factor_StructuringFees_Max.] 
 
Factor_Gap(t) means [0] [Factor_Gap_Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of 
Factor_Gap(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect], in respect of each Valuation Date(t), the annual gap 
premium rate as of such Valuation Date(t), as determined by the Calculation Agent ] [as ] [the cost that the Issuer (and/or any of its 
affiliates) would charge to replicate the performance of the Product, which includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the risk of the 
market value of the Product becoming negative]. 
 
Factor_Collat(t) means [0][Factor_Collat_Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of 
Factor_Collat(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect] [, for each Valuation Date(t), an annual rate which shall 
be determined with respect to such Valuation Date(t) by the Calculation Agent as][the cost that would be incurred by the Issuer (and/or 
its affiliates) if it were to borrow the Collateral Assets (through, for example, but without limitation, a securities lending or repurchase 
agreement) for an amount equal to the market value of the Product as of such Valuation Date(t) (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent)] [multiplied by the Collateralisation Percentage]. 
 
Factor_Quanto(t) means [0] [Factor_Quanto_Initial as of Valuation Date(0). For each subsequent Valuation Date(t), the value of 
Factor_Quanto(t) may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect][, in respect of each Valuation Date(t), the annual 
quanto cost as of such Valuation Date(t), as determined by the Calculation Agent] [as] [the cost that the Issuer (and/or its affiliates) 
would charge to replicate the performance of the Product, which includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the foreign exchange risk 
under the Product]  
 
Factor_Rate(t) means, in respect of Valuation Date(t), the fixing of Interest_Rate_Overnight, as ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
based on the Rate Source. 
 
Interest_Rate_Overnight means an interest rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Rate Source means a data source specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
1.4.9   Add-on relating to Optional Settlement Amount(s) 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer" is "Applicable":  
 
-   The Product Formula(e) relating to the Optional Early Settlement Amount may be determined on the basis of one or more Product 
Formula(e) (i) relating to the Final Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below 
calculated on the valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Early Settlement Date and (ii) different from the Product Formula of 
the Final Settlement Price specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder" is "Applicable": 
 
-   The Product Formula(e) relating to the Optional Early Settlement Amount may be determined on the basis of one or more Product 
Formula(e) (i) relating to the Final Settlement Price of any other Product of any other Family of Product described in Condition 3 below 
calculated on the valuation date linked to the relevant Optional Early Settlement Date and (ii) different from the Product Formula of 
the Final Settlement Price specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
1.4.10   Add-on relating to Variable Data

--- Page 314 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
314 
 
Any Variable Data that may be used to determine and/or to calculate the Product Amount of a Product of any Family of Products 
defined in Condition 3 below, can be replaced by any Reference Formulae appearing in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29 or by any value yielded 
by one or several mathematical operations which may imply one or several Reference Formula(e) appearing in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29, 
and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product on the relevant valuation date(s) linked to the Product Amount. 
 
For the product 3.3.2 "Digital Payout Autocall", the paragraph “Variable Data” indicates “Payout_ESP” among other Variable Datas. 
If the Add-on relating to Variable Data is specified as Applicable, Payout_ESP can be replaced by any Reference Formulae appearing 
in Conditions 4.0 to 4.29. 
 
As an example, Payout_ESP(i) can be defined as ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)). 
 
1.5   Non applicability of the Notional Amount 
 
For a particular Issue of Warrants, the applicable Final Terms may specify the Notional Amount as being "Not applicable". In such 
cases, any reference to "Notional Amount" in the applicable Final Terms relating to such Issue of Warrants shall be omitted and 
removed from the description of the relevant Product Formula(e). 
 
2.   SCHEDULE – GENERAL DEFINITIONS AND SPECIFIXC DEFINITION(S) - VARIABLE DATA - REFERENCE FORMULA(E) 
 
2.1   Schedule 
 
A Schedule designates either (A) a list of Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s), or (B) all Valuation 
Date(s) or Relevant Valuation Date(s) or any other date(s) comprised within a defined period. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, several Schedules may be used for the determination and calculation of a particular Product Amount. For 
ease of reading, Schedules may be renamed (e.g. "Period" may be renamed "Corridor Period", European Knock-In Period, American 
Knock-In Period,...). 
 
Furthermore, in respect of a Product Formula and a particular Schedule, also for ease of reading, "Valuation Date" or "Relevant 
Valuation Date" may be renamed (for instance, for a Schedule made of daily Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed 
"Daily Valuation Date", for a Schedule with annual Valuation Dates, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Annual Valuation Date", for 
another Schedule relating to a specific Underlying_A, "Valuation Date" may be renamed "Underlying_A Valuation Date"). 
 
2.2    General Definitions and Specific Definition(s) 
 
2.2.1   General Definitions: Definitions listed in Condition 5 below are applicable to all the Families of Products and to each Product 
within a Family of Products.  
 
2.2.2   Specific Definition(s): Definitions used, as the case may be, to determine and calculate a Product Amount and/or the related 
Reference Formula. One or more specific definitions may be necessary (hereafter the Specific Definition(s)). The Specific Definitions 
are set out in the paragraph of Condition 3 below corresponding to the relevant Reference of the Product and called "Specific 
Definitions" and replicated in the applicable Final Terms. When no Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate a 
Product Amount, the paragraph "Specific Definition(s)" shall mention: "No Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate 
a Product Amount".  
 
2.3   Variable Data 
One or more variable data are necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount of a Product (referred to as the Variable 
Data). The definition of the Variable Data that may be used for the Product Amount of a Product of any Family of Products is listed in 
Condition 5.4 below. 
 
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 and that may be used in respect of one or more Products of a Family of Products is set out 
in the sub-paragraph titled "Variable Data" of the relevant Family of Product.  
 
The Variable Data listed in Condition 5.4 necessary to a specific Product are set out in the paragraph "Variable Data" of such Product.  
 
In the applicable Final Terms :  
 
-   Depending on their respective definition set out in Condition 5.4 below, each Variable Data can be an amount, a level, a percentage 
or the observed value of a Reference Formula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product.  
 
-   A Variable Data may depend on a specific Schedule or dates as defined above in Condition 2.1. 
 
For example, for the Reference of the Product 3.1.1 "Base Product", the paragraph "Event-linked Early Expiration" refers to the 
Variable Data "BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i)" which is the value of the BaseSettlementLevel_ESP on a specific Valuation Date (i), 
date in respect of which an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i)

--- Page 315 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
315 
 
If, in respect of a Product Formula of a Product Amount of a specific Product, a Variable Data has a value of either 0 (zero) or 1 (one), 
or is not used or not useful or if a Variable Data is not applicable for the calculation of certain Product Amounts, then Product 
Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of improving 
the reading and intelligibility of formula(e).  
 
For instance, if the Product Formula of a Product Amount of a particular Product is: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel + Min(Cap ; Participation x ReferenceFormula_Final), 
 
and the Variable Data "BaseSettlementLevel" is equal to 0, "Participation" is equal to 1, and "Cap" is not applicable, then the Product 
Formula of such Product Amount may be simplified in the applicable Final Terms as follows: 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final 
 
Reference Formula(e), Variable Data, applicable options and any other term which are defined in brackets "[…]" are optional. 
 
2.4    Reference Formula(e) 
 
Reference Formula(e) are pre-defined basic formulae specified under Condition 4 below (referred to as individually the Reference 
Formula and collectively Reference Formulae) which are used, as the case may be, as inputs in respect of an Option, a Product 
Formula and/or one or several Specific Definitions or Add-ons necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount. 
 
For each Product described in Condition 3 below appears a paragraph called "Reference Formula(e)". 
 
This paragraph indicates: 
 
2.4.1   On one side, the context in which the Reference Formulae of the Product are used, by the suffix which follows the expression 
"Reference Formula_" e.g. 
 
   -   "ReferenceFormula_Final" which means that the Reference Formula of the Product is used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price of the Product. In that case, the Product Formula, the Option and/or one or several Specific Definitions or Add-ons which are 
necessary to the determination of the Final Settlement Price will use "Reference Formula_Final". 
 
For example, for the Reference of the Product 3.1.3 "Standard Forward", the paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" indicates "Reference 
Formula_ Final" which means that a Reference Formula is used to determine the Final Settlement Price and the paragraph "Final 
Settlement Price" indicates: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
Max(Floor_FSP 
; 
Min(Cap_FSP 
; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
+ 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
 
   -   "ReferenceFormula_ESP" means that the Reference Formula of the Product is used to determine the Early Settlement Price of 
the Product, if any.  
 
For example, for the product 3.1.2 "European Forward", the paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" indicates "ReferenceFormula_ ESP" 
means that a Reference Formula is used to determine the Early Settlement Price and the paragraph " Event-linked Early Expiration " 
indicates: 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) + Participation x ReferenceFormula_ESP(i) 
 
2.4.2    On the other side, the name of the applicable Reference Formula(e) and/or the most likely to be applicable to the Product. 
The paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" will also indicate the Families of Products to which the applicable or the most likely to be 
applicable Reference Formula(e) belongs to. For example, if the paragraph "Reference Formula(e)" indicates "AverageTimeLevel (as 
defined under Condition 4.9 below of the Family of "TimeLevel")", it means that the Reference Formula "AverageTimeLevel", 
belonging to the "TimeLevel" Family as defined in Condition 4.9 below, is applicable or is the most likely to be applicable to the 
Product. 
 
A Reference Formula will be used to determine either Reference Price(s), Reference Performance(s), Reference Level(s) or 
Reference Fixing(s). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, when Reference Formula(e) is/are not relevant for a Product, it shall not appear in the applicable Final 
Terms of the Product. 
 
Any Reference Formula indicated in Condition 4 below may also, in respect of a Product Formula, be defined as a "Sum of 
ReferenceFormula", a "Difference of ReferenceFormula" or "ReferenceFormula – 100%" or "100%,- ReferenceFormula" or be 
expressed as a negative component and be preceded by the sign"-".

--- Page 316 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
316 
 
Where: 
 
   o   A: "Sum of ReferenceFormula" means that two or more Reference Formulae have been added together in order to determine a 
new Reference Formula for the purpose of determining a Product Amount.  
 
   o   B: "Difference ReferenceFormula" means that a Reference Formula have been subtracted from another Reference Formula in 
order to determine a new Reference Formula for the purpose of determining a Product Amount.  
 
   o   C: "ReferenceFormula – 100%" means that 100% has been subtracted from a Reference Formula in order to determine a new 
Reference Formula for the purpose of determining a Product Amount.  
 
   o   D: "100% - ReferenceFormula" means that a ReferenceFormula has been subtracted from 100% in order to determine the 
Reference Formula(e) for the purpose of determining a Product Amount.  
 
Provided that options A to D above may be combined: for example a new Reference Formula may be created as a Sum of 
ReferenceFormula as per option A, and then subtracted from 100% as per option D. 
 
Any Reference Formula defined in a currency other than the Settlement Currency may be converted into the Settlement Currency 
based on the applicable Foreign Exchange Rate between the currency of the Product Formula and the Settlement Currency. 
 
Reference Formula(e), Variable Data, applicable options and any other term which are defined in brackets "[…]" are optional. 
 
 
3.    FAMILIES OF PRODUCTS AND DESCRIPTION OF THE FAMILIES 
 
Set out below the list of Families of Products and the description of each of the Families: 
 
Reference  
Family 
Description of the Family 
3.1 
Certificate 
This family includes Products which provide 
exposure 
to the 
positive 
or 
negative 
performance of an Underlying or a Basket or 
one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket.  
3.2 
Vanilla Products 
This family includes Products which provide 
exposure 
to the 
positive 
or 
negative 
performance of an Underlying or a Basket or 
one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, 
where the Product Amount(s) are determined 
based on either (a) an amount which depends 
on the performance or level of the Underlying 
or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) 
within a Basket (Calls and Puts) or (b) a pre-
defined fixed amount (Digital Calls/Puts) or 
variable 
amount 
(Range 
Accrual). 
Performance or level of the Underlying or 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within 
a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, 
averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
 
3.3 
Barrier Products 
This family includes Products which provide 
exposure 
to the 
positive 
or 
negative 
performance of an Underlying or a Basket of 
one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, 
where the Product Amount(s) are determined 
based 
on 
one 
or 
several 
conditions 
(categorised in several scenarios). Typically, 
a condition is satisfied [or not] if the 
performance or level of an Underlying or 
Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within 
a Basket is higher than or equal to [or lower] 
a pre-defined barrier performance or level. 
Performance or level of the Underlying or 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within 
a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, 
averaged, locked, floored and/or capped.

--- Page 317 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
317 
 
3.4 
Reserved  
 
 
3.5 
Accumulator and Cliquet 
Products  
This family includes Products which provide 
exposure 
to 
the 
performance 
of 
an 
Underlying or a Basket or one or several 
Underlying(s) within a Basket, where the 
Product Amount(s) are determined based on 
an 
accumulation 
(either 
additive 
or 
multiplicative) 
of 
performances 
of 
the 
Underlying or Basket or one or several 
Underlying(s) within a Basket over several 
consecutive periods (performances being 
usually restriked at the beginning of each 
period). Performances of the Underlying or 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within 
a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, 
averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
3.6 
Multi-underlying Products 
This family includes Products which provide 
exposure 
to the 
positive 
or 
negative 
performance 
of 
several 
Underlyings 
comprising the Basket, where the Product 
Amount(s) are determined based on the 
individual performance or level of each 
Underlying, provided that this individual 
performance or level can be weighted, 
leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or 
capped. Composition of the Basket can be 
altered over time depending on the individual 
performance or level of the Underlyings. 
Performances of the Underlyings or Basket or 
one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket 
can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, 
locked, floored and/or capped. 
 
3.7 
Volatility Products 
This family includes Products which provide 
exposure 
to the 
positive 
or 
negative 
performance of the historical variance or 
historical volatility of an Underlying or a 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within 
a Basket. Variance and volatility are 
measures of the dispersion of Underlying(s) 
returns. 
The 
Product 
Amount(s) 
are 
determined based on (a) performance or level 
of the Underlying or Basket or one or several 
Underlying(s) within a Basket and / or (b) 
historical variance or historical volatility of the 
Underlying or Basket and / or (c) additional 
parameters (if relevant). Performance or level 
or historical variance or historical volatility of 
the Underlying or Basket can be weighted, 
leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or 
capped. 
 
3.8 
Reserved 
 
3.9 
Rate Products 
This family includes Products commonly used 
to provide exposure to Reference Rate or 
Inflation Index, provided that other Family of 
Products may be indexed to Reference Rate 
or Inflation Index.

--- Page 318 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
318 
3.10 
Credit 
or 
Bond 
Linked 
Products  
 
 
This family includes Products which provide 
exposure to the credit risk of a Reference 
Entity 
or 
a 
Bond 
and 
the 
financial 
indebtedness of any such Reference Entity , 
where the Product Amounts are determined 
according to the occurrence of Credit 
Event(s) or Bond Event(s) and in the case of 
the occurrence of Credit Event(s), according 
to the Credit Event Payment Amount or the 
Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount (with, 
if any, the Credit Event Payment Amount per 
Undeliverable Obligations), as applicable, as 
defined 
in 
the 
Additional 
Terms 
and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, or of 
Bond Event(s), according to the Bond Event 
Amount as defined in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants. 
In addition, the Autocall Credit Linked 
Products provide exposure to the positive or 
negative performance of a CDS Spread, 
where the Product Amount(s) are determined 
based on one or several conditions, one of 
which being typically satisfied if the level of 
the CDS Spread is higher (or lower) than or 
equal to a pre-defined barrier. 
 
3.11 
Combined Vanilla Products 
This family includes Products which provide 
exposure 
to the 
positive 
or 
negative 
performance of an Underlying or a Basket or 
one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, 
where the Product Amount(s) are determined 
as a floored, capped or leveraged weighted 
combination, either additive or multiplicative, 
of vanilla calls, puts, digits, fixed amounts, 
and 
combinations, 
either 
additive 
or 
multiplicative, of calls, digits and fixed 
amounts.

--- Page 319 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
319 
3.1   Family of Products  "CERTIFICATE" 
 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Certificate", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the 
table below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product".  
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.1.1 
Base Product 
3.1.2 
European Forward 
3.1.3 
Standard Forward 
3.1.4 
Certificate with Performance Fee 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant  Warrant can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family "Certificate" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a 
Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket. 
 
3.1.1    Base Product 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.1, the following applies: 
 
3.1.1.1    Product Description:   
 
   -   This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
 
     o   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject 
to a leverage factor. 
 
   -   Unless previously exercised or cancelled, the Final Settlement Price is equal to a predetermined value increased as the case 
may be by the value of ReferenceFormula_Final and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a leverage 
factor. 
 
3.1.1.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) + Participation x ReferenceFormula_ESP(i) 
 
3.1.1.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP(T) + FinalParticipation x ReferenceFormula_Final(T) 
 
3.1.1.4   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.  
 
3.1.1.5   Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP; FinalParticipation; Participation; Payout_ESP; AutocallBarrier 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.1.1.6   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_ESP; ReferenceFormula_Final 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
 
3.1.2  European Forward

--- Page 320 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
320 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.2, the following applies: 
 
3.1.2.1   Product Description:   
 
   -   This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
 
     o   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject 
to a leverage factor. 
 
   -   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is equal to the value of the Reference Formula considered minus a strike level, which may be subject 
to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.1.2.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) + Participation x ReferenceFormula_ESP 
 
3.1.2.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = Max(Floor_FSP ; Min(Cap_FSP ; (BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + FinalParticipation x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) - FinalStrike))))  
 
3.1.2.4  Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.  
 
3.1.2.5   Variable Data: 
 
Payout_ESP; BaseSettlement_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP; FinalParticipation; Floor_FSP;Cap_FSP; FinalStrike; Participation 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.1.2.6   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_ESP; ReferenceFormula_Final  
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.1.3   Sandard Forward 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.3, the following disposition applies: 
 
3.1.3.1   Product Description 
 
   -   There is no Event-linked Early Expiration for this Product 
 
   -   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price is equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the Reference Formula_Final applied to the 
Underlying(s) which may be subject to a floor and/or a cap and/or with a leverage factor 
 
3.1.3.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.1.3.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
ProductFormula(T) 
= 
Max(Floor_FSP 
; 
Min(Cap_FSP 
; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
+ 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike)))

--- Page 321 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
321 
3.1.3.4   Specific Definitions: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.1.3.5   Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP; FinalParticipation; Floor_FSP; Cap_FSP; FinalStrike 
These variable data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein 
 
3.1.3.6   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of “SimpleLevel”) 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of “BestLevel”) 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of “WorstLevel”) 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of “TimeLevel”) 
 
3.1.4   Certificate with Performance Fee 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.1.4, the following applies: 
 
3.1.4.1 Product Description: 
 
- There is no Eventlinked Early Expiration for this Product 
 
- Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
is equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the Certificate Level calculated depending on the 
option selected among 4 possible, applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product net of hedging fees and performance fees, and which 
may be subject to a leverage factor. 
 
3.1.4.2 Event linked Early Expiration: Not Applicable 
 
3.1.4.3 Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + Participation x CertificateLevel(RVD(T)) 
 
3.1.4.4 Specific Definition(s): 
 The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned below if relevant : 
 
CertificateLevel(t) = CL(t) / Strike 
 
Option A : Performance Fee Highwatermark 
 
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging fees and performance fees determined by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t1) + Perf Fee(t1)) × [S(t) / S(t1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t1)] – Perf Fee(t1) – Perf Fee(t)] 
 
Where : 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0 
 
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to the Weighting Advisor and determined by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0% ; PF × ((CL(t1) + Perf Fee(t1)) × [S(t) / S(t1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t1)] – Perf Fee(t1) 
– BL(t))] 
 
Where : 
 
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero) 
 
BL(t) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t1, of CL(i) 
 
Option B : Performance Fee with Fixed Rate Benchmark

--- Page 322 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
322 
CL(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the value of the product net of hedging fees and performance fees determined by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
CL(t) = Max[0% ; (CL(t1) + Perf Fee(t1)) × [S(t) / S(t1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t1)] – Perf Fee(t1) – Perf Fee(t)] 
 
Where : 
 
CL(0) = ConstantCertificateLevel_0 
 
Perf Fee(t) means, in respect of any Valuation Date(t), the performance fees to be paid to the Weighting Advisor and determined by 
the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
Perf Fee(t) = Max[0% ; PF × ((CL(t1) + Perf Fee(t1)) × [S(t) / S(t1) × Hedging Fee Factor(t) / Hedging Fee Factor(t1)] – Perf Fee(t1) 
– BL(t))] 
 
Where : 
 
Perf Fee(0) = 0 (zero) 
 
BL(t) means the Maximum, for i from tr to t1, of CL(i) x [1 + FixedRate x Act(i,t) / 360] 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate as well, as the case may be, one or more definitions defined below if relevant: 
 
Hedging Fee Factor(t) means Product for i from 1 to t of (1 – (Factor_Fees(i1)) x (Act(i1;i) / 360)) 
[Where Hedging Fee Factor(0) = 1] 
 
Factor_Fees(t) means [0] [Factor_Fees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the Product.] [the sum of 
the Factor_AdvisoryFees(t), the Factor_DistributionFees(t) and the Factor_StructuringFees(t).] 
 
Factor_AdvisoryFees(t) means [0] [Factor_AdvisoryFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Weighting Advisor.] 
 
Factor_DistributionFees(t) means [0] [Factor_DistributionFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Distributor.] 
 
Factor_StructuringFees(t) means [0] [Factor_StructuringFees, which is an annual commission rate deducted from the value of the 
Product paid to the Calculation Agent.] 
 
3.1.4.5 Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP; Participation; ConstantCertificateLevel; PF; Strike; FixedRate; Factor_Fees; Factor_AdvisoryFees; 
Factor_DistributionFees; Factor_StructuringFees. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.1.4.6 Reference Formula(e): 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
S (as defined under Condition 4.0 of the Definition of S, SI and FXRate) 
 
Fixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference Fixings"). 
 
3.2    Family of Products "VANILLA" 
 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Vanilla", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the table 
below will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.2.1 
European Call 
3.2.2 
European Put 
3.2.3 
Digital Call 
3.2.4 
Digital Put 
3.2.5 
Call Standard

--- Page 323 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
323 
3.2.6 
Put Standard 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant  Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family "Vanilla" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an Underlying or a Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, where the Product Amount(s) are determined based on either (a) an amount which 
depends on the performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket (European Calls and 
Puts) or (b) a pre-defined fixed amount (Digital Calls/Puts). Performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several 
Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
 
3.2.1   European Call 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.1, the following applies: 
 
3.2.1.1   Product Description: 
 
-      This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
 
   o      If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
    
   o      If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Product Formula equals a predetermined value 
increased, as the case may be, by the value of ReferenceFormula_Final minus a strike level, which may be subject to a floor and / or 
a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
   o      If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than or [equal to] a Strike, the Product Formula equals a predetermined 
value. 
 
3.2.1.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlement_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.2.1.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(Floor_FSP 
; 
Min(Cap_FSP 
; 
 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
3.2.1.4   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.  
 
3.2.1.5   Variable Data: 
 
Participation_1; Participation_2; BaseSettlement_ESP; Payout_ESP ; FinalStrike_1; FinalStrike_2; Cap_FSP; Floor_FSP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; FinalParticipation  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.1.6   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2

--- Page 324 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
324 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of “SimpleLevel”) 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of “BestLevel”) 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of “WorstLevel”) 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of “TimeLevel”) 
 
 
3.2.2   European Put 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.2, the following applies: 
 
3.2.2.1   Product Description: 
 
-      This Product may be subject to an Event-linked Early Expiration. 
 
   o      If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
 
   o      If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is lower than [or equal to] a Strike, the Product Formula equals a predetermined value 
increased, as the case may be, by a strike level minus the value of ReferenceFormula_Final, which may be subject to a floor and / or 
a cap and / or with a leverage factor 
 
   o      If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Product Formula equals a predetermined value. 
 
3.2.2.1   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlement_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.2.2.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Max(Floor_FSP ; Min(Cap_FSP ; FinalParticipation x (FinalStrike–2 - 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
3.2.2.4   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.2.2.5   Variable Data: 
 
Participation_1; 
Participation_2; 
Payout_ESP 
; 
FinalStrike_1; 
FinalStrike_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; BaseSettlement_ESP; FinalParticipation; Cap_FSP; Floor_FSP 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.2.6   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2  
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation):

--- Page 325 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
325 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.2.3   Digital Call 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.3, the following applies: 
 
3.2.3.1   Product Description: 
 
-   This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
 
   o   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
 
   o   If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is higher than [or equal to] a FinalBarrier, the Product Formula equals a predetermined 
value increased, as the case may be, by another predetermined value. 
 
   o   If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is lower than [or equal to] a FinalBarrier, the Product Formula equals a predetermined 
value. 
 
3.2.3.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlement_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.2.3.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
3.2.3.4   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.2.3.5   Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlement_ESP; Payout_ESP; FinalBarrier; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; Payout_FSP  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.3.6   Reference Formula(e):  
 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier; ReferenceFormula_Final 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel")

--- Page 326 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
326 
 
3.2.4   Digital Put 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.4, the following applies: 
 
3.2.4.1   Product Description: 
 
-      This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration  
 
   o      If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
 
   o      If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is lower than [or equal to] a FinalBarrier, the Product Formula equals a predetermined 
value increased, as the case may be, by another predetermined value. 
 
   o      If the value of ReferenceFormula_Final is higher than [or equal to] a FinalBarrier, the Product Formula equals a predetermined 
value. 
 
3.2.4.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i)  
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlement_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.2.4.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
3.2.4.4   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.2.4.5   Variable Data: 
 
Payout_ESP; BaseSettlement_ESP; FinalBarrier; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; Payout_FSP 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.4.6   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.2.5   Call Standard 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.5, the following applies: 
 
3.2.5.1    Product Description: 
 
   -   There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product.

--- Page 327 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
327 
   -   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
 
      o  If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Settlement Price equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
     o  If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than or [equal to] a Strike, the Final Settlement Price equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
3.2.5.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.2.5.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(Floor_FSP 
; 
Min(Cap_FSP 
; 
 
FinalParticipation 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
3.2.5.4   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.  
 
3.2.5.5   Variable Data: 
 
FinalStrike_1; FinalStrike_2; Cap_FSP; Floor_FSP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; FinalParticipation  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.5.6   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel") 
 
3.2.6   Put Standard 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.2.6, the following applies: 
 
3.2.6.1   Product Description: 
 
-   There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is lower than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Settlement Price equals a 
predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a 
floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
   o   If the value of the ReferenceFormula considered is higher than [or equal to] a Strike, the Final Settlement Price equals a 
predetermined value. 
 
3.2.6.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable

--- Page 328 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
328 
 
3.2.6.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Max(Floor_FSP ; Min(Cap_FSP ; FinalParticipation x (FinalStrike_2 - 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalStrike_1, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
3.2.6.4   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.2.6.5   Variable Data: 
 
FinalStrike_1; FinalStrike_2; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; FinalParticipation; Cap_FSP; Floor_FSP 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.2.6.6   Reference Formulae: 
 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
AverageTimeLevel, MaxTimeLevel or MinTimeLevel (as defined under Condition 4.9 of the Family of "TimeLevel")

--- Page 329 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
329 
3.3 FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "BARRIER" 
 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Barrier", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the table 
below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
 
The clause "Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms shall also indicate the applicable Option for the relevant Product 
selected amongst the Options described below to determine and calculate the Final Settlement Amount of the Warrants.  
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.3.1 
Reverse Convertible 
3.3.2 
Digital Payout Autocall 
3.3.3 
Reserved 
3.3.4 
Reserved 
3.3.5 
Reserved 
3.3.6 
Reserved 
3.3.7 
Reserved 
3.3.8 
Reserved 
3.3.9 
Reserved 
3.3.10 
Twin Win 
3.3.11 
Reserved 
3.3.12 
Reserved 
3.3.13 
Reserved 
3.3.14 
Bonus & Capped Bonus 
3.3.15 
Bonus Flex 
3.3.16 
Reserved 
3.3.17 
Reserved 
3.3.18 
Reserved 
3.3.19 
In-Line 
3.3.20 
Reserved 
3.3.21 
Sprint & Outperformance 
3.3.22 
Reserved 
3.3.23 
Reverse Capped Bonus 
3.3.24 
Reserved 
3.3.25 
Reverse Sprint & Reverse Outperformance 
3.3.26 
Reserved 
3.3.27 
Digital Range 
3.3.28 
Reserved 
3.3.29 
Reserved 
3.3.30 
Equity Protection

--- Page 330 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
330 
3.3.31 
Reverse Equity Protection 
3.3.32 
Reserved 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family of Products "Barrier" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an Underlying 
or a Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, where the Product Amount(s) are determined based on one or several 
conditions (categorised in several scenarios). Typically, a condition is satisfied [or not] if the performance or level of an Underlying or 
Basket of one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket is higher than or equal to [or lower than] a pre-defined barrier performance or 
level. Performance or level of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, 
averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
 
3.3.0    Generic descriptions, Variable Data, relevant Reference Formula(e) and Specific Definition(s) for Barrier Products 
 
3.3.0.1   Description of Options relating to the Final Settlement Price of the Warrants 
 
Set out below a list of different options relating to the Final Settlement Price for Warrants. The clause "Reference of the Product" of 
the applicable Final Terms will specify the applicable Option, if any, chosen among the options below, used for determining and 
calculating the Final Settlement Price. 
 
OPTION 0: Constant Level only 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
 
Option 0 Description: 
 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product is equal to a predetermined value.  
 
OPTION 1: Final Barrier only 
 
Scenario 1:  
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP_+ Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Option 1 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price in 
respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
 
- The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the 
Product and of its position compared to a FinalBarrier. 
 
- The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered 
minus a strike level, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor.  
 
OPTION 2: Final Barrier and Knock-In feature 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:

--- Page 331 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
331 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(T) – FinalStrike))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If [on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier] [[and] [or] [a 
European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] KnockIn Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3: 
 
If [on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier] [[and] [or] [a 
European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] KnockIn Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
 
Option 2 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price in 
respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
 
- The occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the 
Product and of its position compared to a FinalBarrier and / or the occurrence of [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High 
Barrier] KnockIn event. 
 
- The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered 
minus a strike level, which may be subject to a floor and/or cap and/or with a leverage factor. 
 
OPTION 3: [European] [American] [Low Barrier] [High Barrier] Knock-In feature 
 
Scenario 1:  
If [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + FinalParticipation_2 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Option 3 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price in 
respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
 
    o    The occurrence of these scenarios depends whether or not [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-
In Event has occurred. 
 
    o   The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered minus a strike level, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
OPTION 4: Two Final Barriers  
 
Scenario 1:

--- Page 332 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
332 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
 
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
 
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
Option 4 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price in 
respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to a (several) FinalBarrier(s). 
 
   o   The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered minus a strike level,, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
OPTION 5: Two Final Barriers and Knock-In feature 
 
Scenario 1:  
 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
 
If on Valuation Date(T), [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
 
If on [Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3)))

--- Page 333 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
333 
Scenario 4:  
 
If on [Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(RVD(T)) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalParticipation_4 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4))) 
 
Option 5 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price in 
respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among four possible scenarios: 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to a (several) FinalBarrier(s) and / or whether or not [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event occurs. 
 
   o   The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
OPTION 6: Double opportunity 
 
Scenario 1:  
 
If [a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalParticipation_1 x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T)], [[a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; 
FinalParticipation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T)], [[a European] [an American] [a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; 
FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
Option 6 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price in 
respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to one (several) FinalBarrier(s) and / or whether or not [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] Knock-In Event occurs. 
 
   o   The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the ReferenceFormula 
considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
OPTION 7: Certificate 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 334 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
334 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + Payout_FSP + Max(FinalFloor; Min(FinalCap; FinalBonus + FinalParticipation x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike))) 
 
Option 7 Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price is 
equal to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the Reference Formula_Final applied to the 
Underlying(s) which may be subject to a floor and/or a cap and/or with a leverage factor. 
 
OPTION 8 with [2_3_4_5_6] Scenarios: Option Multi 
 
Option 8 with 2 Scenarios 
 
Scenario 1:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Payout_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Option 8 with 3 Scenarios 
 
Scenario 1:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Payout_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then:

--- Page 335 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
335 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Payout_FSP_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
Option 8 with 4 Scenarios 
 
Scenario 1:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Payout_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Payout_FSP_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
Scenario 4:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4 + Payout_FSP_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalBonus_4 + 
FinalParticipation_4 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4))) 
 
Option 8 with 5 Scenarios 
 
Scenario 1:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:

--- Page 336 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
336 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Payout_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
  
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Payout_FSP_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
Scenario 4:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4 + Payout_FSP_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalBonus_4 + 
FinalParticipation_4 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4))) 
 
Scenario 5:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_5 + Payout_FSP_5 + Max(FinalFloor_5 ; Min(FinalCap_5 ; FinalBonus_5 + 
FinalParticipation_5 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_5(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_5))) 
 
Option 8 with 6 Scenarios 
 
Scenario 1:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout_FSP_1 + Max(FinalFloor_1 ; Min(FinalCap_1 ; FinalBonus_1 + 
FinalParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)

--- Page 337 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
337 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2+ Payout_FSP_2  + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; FinalBonus_2 + 
FinalParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Payout_FSP_3 + Max(FinalFloor_3 ; Min(FinalCap_3 ; FinalBonus_3 + 
FinalParticipation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_3))) 
 
Scenario 4:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4 + Payout_FSP_4 + Max(FinalFloor_4 ; Min(FinalCap_4 ; FinalBonus_4 + 
FinalParticipation_4 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_4))) 
 
Scenario 5:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_5 + Payout_FSP_5 + Max(FinalFloor_5 ; Min(FinalCap_5 ; FinalBonus_5 + 
FinalParticipation_5 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_5(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_5))) 
 
Scenario 6:  
 
If [on Valuation Date(T),] [ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_1(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_1] [[and] [or] 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier_2(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier_2] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] 
[a Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and] [or] [a European] [an American] [a 
Low Barrier] [a High Barrier] [a Memory] [a Range] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred], then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_6 + Payout_FSP_6 + Max(FinalFloor_6 ; Min(FinalCap_6 ; FinalBonus_6 + 
FinalParticipation_6 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_6(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike_6))) 
 
Option 8 with [2/3/4/5/6] Scenarios Description: 
 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price in 
respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two (or three, or four, or five, or six depending upon the number of 
scenarios selected) scenarios : 
 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends on: (i) the value(s) of the relevant ReferenceFormula(e) applied to the Underlying(s) 
of the Product and of its (their) position(s) compared to one (several) FinalBarrier(s) and / or (ii) the occurrence or not of a[n] 
[[American] [European] [Low Barrier] [High Barrier] [Memory] [Range] Knock-In Event. 
 
   o   The Final Settlement Price equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula considered minus a strike level, which may be subject to a floor and / or cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.0.2   Variable Data 
 
Set out below is the list of Variable Data that are necessary to determine and calculate the Final Settlement Price depending on the 
Option applicable to the Product (selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above and that will be indicated in the 
clause "Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 338 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
338 
In the table below, "X" means "Applicable".  
 
Options 
Variable Data 
0 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
Payout_FSP[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalBarrier[_1/2/3] 
 
X 
X 
 
X 
X 
X 
 
X 
FinalCap[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalFloor[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalBonus[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
 
 
X 
 
 
 
X 
X 
FinalParticipation[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.0.3   Reference Formula(e) 
 
Set out below is a list of Reference Formula(e) applicable to determine and compute the Final Settlement Price, depending on the 
Option applicable to the Product selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above and indicated in the clause 
"Reference of the Product" of the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the table below, "X" means "Applicable"  
 
 
Options 
 
 
Reference Formula(e) 
0 
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier[_1/2] 
 
X 
X 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
ReferenceFormula_Final[_1/2/3/4/5/6] 
 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
X 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Performance or LeveragePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
WorstPerformance or LeverageWorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the Family of Basket Performance") 
IntradayMinTimePerformance or WorstIntradayMinTimePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.22 of the Family of 
"IntradayLevel") 
 
3.3.0.4   European Knock-In Events 
 
European Knock-In Event can be renamed European Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
 
   a)   Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
European Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on [the Valuation 
Date(i)] or [the date as defined in the applicable Final Terms], [ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i)] or [the Closing 
Price [S(i)]] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i). 
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
European Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4][(i)][(i,k)] is deemed to have [not] occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on [the 
Valuation Date(i)] or [the date as defined in the applicable Final Terms], [ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(i,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(i,k)] of at least one 
Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](i,k) of the Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(i,k)] of the

--- Page 339 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
339 
Underlying(k)]  is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i]] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-
InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i,k)]. 
 
   b)   Variable Data: 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4] 
 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
   c)   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_EuropeanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price 
 
3.3.0.5    American Knock-In Events 
 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(s)(t) means: 
 
-   [Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
-   [each of Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [at least one Valuation Date(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or  
 
-   [[NumberofDays] [consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [the date(s)(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [each of the dates(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [at least one date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [[NumberofDays] [consecutive] dates(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] 
Schedule(i)] or 
 
-   [at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] date(s)(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the American Knock-In 
Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or  
 
-   [each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or 
 
-   [at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
 
An American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i) is applicable for American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i), but also, if necessary for 
Low Barrier Knock-In Event, High Barrier Knock-In Event, Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event, Second High Barrier Knock-In Event 
and Memory Knock-In Event.  
 
American Knock-In Event can be renamed American Knock-Out Event, Knock-In Event or Knock-Out Event, if relevant and 
appropriate. 
 
   a)   Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4][(i)][(i,k)] is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on 
Reference Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] 
or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)]. 
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
American Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4][(i)][(i,k)] is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on 
Reference Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] or [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of 
each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at 
least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of at least one 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] 
or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of the 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-
InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i,k)].

--- Page 340 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
340 
   b)   Variable Data: 
 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4]; NumberofDays 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
   c)    Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_AmericanKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price; Intraday Price 
 
3.3.0.6   Low and High Barrier Knock-In Events 
 
As it will be detailed, Low and High Knock-In Event can be considered as American or European Knock-In Event. In this Section, 
Reference Date(s) is defined in Condition 3.3.0.5 above:  
Low and High Knock-In Event can be renamed Low and High Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
 
   a)    Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is 
lower than [or equal to] [LowBarrier(i)] [(such date being referred as to the LowBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is 
higher than [or equal to] [HighBarrier(i)] [( such date being referred as to the HighBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday 
Price [SI(t)]] is lower than [or equal to] [SecondLowBarrier(i)] [(such date being referred as to the SecondLowBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
Second High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is higher than [or equal to] [SecondHighBarrier(i)] [(such date being referred as to the 
SecondHighBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
Multi-Underlyings: 
 
Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is lower than 
[or equal to] [LowBarrier(i)] [LowBarrier(i,k)] [(such date being referred as to the LowBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or 
[ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is higher than 
[or equal to] [HighBarrier(i)] [HighBarrier(i,k)] [(such date being referred as to the HighBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to [not] have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the 
Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] 
of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at 
least one Underlying(k)] is lower than [or equal to] [SecondLowBarrier(k)] [SecondLowBarrier(i,k)] [(such date being referred as to the 
SecondLowBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
Second High Barrier Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to [not] have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the 
Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price 
[S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] is higher than [or equal to] [SecondHighBarrier(k)] [SecondHighBarrier(i,k)] [(such date being 
referred as to the SecondHighBarrierEventDate)]. 
 
   b)   Variable Data:

--- Page 341 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
341 
 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4]; NumberofDays; LowBarrier; HighBarrier; SecondLowBarrier; SecondHighBarrier 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
   c)    Reference Formula(e): 
 
Closing 
Price; 
Intraday 
Price; 
ReferenceFormula_LowBarrier; 
ReferenceFormula_HighBarrier; 
ReferenceFormula_SecondLowBarrier; ReferenceFormula_SecondHighBarrier 
 
3.3.0.7   Range Knock-In Event 
 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means: 
 
   -   [the Valuation Date(i)] or  
 
   -   [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or  
 
   -   [Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
   -   [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i)] or  
 
   -   [each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or 
 
   -   [at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
 
Range Knock-In Event can be renamed Range Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
 
a)   Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
RangeKnock-InEvent[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed [not] to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In[_1/2/3/4][(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is [higher than [or equal to] the LowerBound[(i)]] [and][or] [lower than [or equal to] the UpperBound[(i)]].  
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
RangeKnock-InEvent[_1/2/3/4][(i)][(i,k)] is deemed to [not] have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] 
or 
[ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) 
of 
each 
Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least 
one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] 
or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least 
one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of the Underlying(k)] or 
[the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price 
[SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] [is higher than [or equal to] the LowerBound[(i)][(i,k)]] [and][or] [is lower than [or equal to] the 
UpperBound[(i)][(i,k)]].  
 
b) Variable Data: 
UpperBound[_1/2/3/4]; LowerBound[_1/2/3/4]  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
c)   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_RangeKnock-In; Closing Price 
 
3.3.0.8   Memory Knock-In Events 
 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means: 
 
-   [the Valuation Date(i)] or  
 
-   [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or  
 
-   [Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
 
-   [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i)] or

--- Page 342 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
342 
-   [each Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)] or 
 
-   [at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
 
Memory Knock-In Event can be renamed Memory Knock-Out Event, if relevant and appropriate. 
 
   a)   Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
Memory Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), a MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i) has [not] occurred. 
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
Memory Knock-In Event[_1/2/3/4](i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference 
Date(s)(t), a MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,k) has [not] occurred for [at least one Underlying(k)] [each Underlying(k) observed separately]. 
 
   b)   Variable Data: 
 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4] 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
   c)   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-In[_1/2/3/4]; Closing Price; Intraday Price 
 
   d)   Specific Definition(s): 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,): is deemed to have occurred if on [at least one Valuation Date(t) (t from j to i)] or [Reference Date(s)(t)], 
the [ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one 
Intraday Price [SI(t)]] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t)]. 
 
Multi-Underlyings 
 
MemoryEvent[_1/2/3/4](i,k): is deemed to have occurred in respect of an Underlying(k) if on [at least one Valuation Date(t) (t from j to 
i)] or [Reference Date(s)(t)], the [ReferenceFormula_MemoryKnock-In[_1/2/3/4](t,k) of such Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] 
of such Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of such Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of such 
Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](i,k)] [Knock-
InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t)] [Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4](t,k)]. 
 
3.3.0.9 Lock-In Event 
 
For the purpose of this section, Reference Date(t) means: 
 
-- [the Valuation Date(i)] or  
-- [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or  
-- [the Valuation Date(t) within Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] or 
- [at least one Valuation Date(t) within the Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
- [[NumberofDays] [consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) within the Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
- [at least [NumberofDays] [non consecutive] Valuation Date(s)(t) within the Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
-- [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or  
- [at least one date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms within the Lock-In Event[_1/2/3/4] Schedule(i)] or 
- [at least one Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day from and [including][excluding] Valuation Date(t1) to and 
[including][excluding] Valuation Date(t2)]. 
 
a) Description: 
 
Mono-Underlying 
 
Lock-In Event(n) is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), for the first 
time, [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t)] or [the Closing Price [S(t)]] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t)]] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t)]] 
is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the [Lock-InThreshold(n)]. 
 
Multi-Underlyings

--- Page 343 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
343 
 
Lock-In Event[(n)][(n,k)] is deemed to have [not] occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on Reference Date(s)(t), for 
the first time, [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t)] or [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t,k) of each Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] 
of each Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of each 
Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t,k) of at least one Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of at least one 
Underlying(k)] or [each Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of at least one 
Underlying(k)] or [ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t,k) of the Underlying(k)] or [the Closing Price [S(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [each 
Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] or [at least one Intraday Price [SI(t,k)] of the Underlying(k)] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal 
to] the [Lock-InThreshold(n)] [Lock-InThreshold(n,k)]  
 
   b)  Variable Data: 
 
Lock-InThreshold 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
 c) Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Lock-In; Closing Price; Intraday Price 
 
 
3.3.1   Reverse Convertible 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.1 above, the following applies: 
 
3.3.1.1   Product Description: 
 
-     There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
-     Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen 
among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.1.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.3.1.3   Final Settlement Price: 
The applicable Final Terms of the Product shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product" the Option applicable to such 
Product, selected amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above.  
 
3.3.1.4   Specific Definition(s): 
No Specific Definition is necessary to determine and calculate a Product Amount. 
 
3.3.1.5   Variable Data: 
Any Variable Data applicable to the Product depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 
3.3.0.2 above.  
 
3.3.1.6   Reference Formula(e): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate the additional Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product depending on the Option 
applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.3.2   Digital Payout Autocall 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.2, the following applies: 
 
3.3.2.1   Product Description: 
 
-   This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
   o   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be 
subject to a floor, a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product is determined on the basis of the applicable Option specified in the applicable Final Terms and chosen 
among the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.2.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Max(Floor_ESP(i) ; Min(Cap_ESP(i) ; Payout_ESP(i) + Participation_ESP(i) x 
ReferenceFormula_ESP(i)))

--- Page 344 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
344 
 
3.3.2.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate in the clause "Reference of the Product" the Option applicable to such Product, selected 
amongst the Options described in Condition 3.3.0.1 above. 
 
3.3.2.2.4   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.2.2.6   Variable Data: 
 
Floor; Participation_ESP; Cap_ESP; Payout_ESP; Floor_ESP; Participation_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_ESP 
and any Variable Data applicable depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.2 
above.  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.2.2.6   Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_ESP 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, the additional Reference Formula(e) applicable to the Product 
depending on the Option applicable to such Product and pursuant to the table in Condition 3.3.0.3 above.  
 
3.3.3 Reserved 
 
3.3.4 Reserved 
 
3.3.5 Reserved 
 
3.3.6 Reserved 
 
3.3.7 Reserved 
 
3.3.8 Reserved 
 
3.3.9 Reserved 
 
3.3.10   Twin Win 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.10, the following applies: 
 
3.3.10.1    Product Description: 
 
-   This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
   o   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends on: (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a Barrier; and upon (ii) the occurrence or not of a Low Barrier Knock-In Event. 
   o   The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the relevant Reference 
Formula considered minus a strike level, which may be subject to a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.10.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.3.10.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Min(Cap ; CallParticipation x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – Strike_1))

--- Page 345 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
345 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + PutParticipation x (Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event has occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + FinalParticipation x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – Strike_3) 
 
3.3.10.4   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.3.10.5   Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3; 
Payout_ESP; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Strike_3; CallParticipation; Cap; PutParticipation; FinalParticipation 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.10.6   Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2; ReferenceFormula_Final_3 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
3.3.11   Reserved 
 
3.3.12   Reserved 
 
3.3.13   Reserved 
 
3.3.14   Bonus & Capped Bonus 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.14, the following applies: 
 
3.3.14.1   Product Description: 
 
-      This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
   o    If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
    o   The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a Low Barrier Knock-In Event. 
    o    The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product minus a strike level, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and 
/or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.14.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i)  
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.3.14.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then:

--- Page 346 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
346 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Max(Bonus; Min(Cap_1 ; Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(T) – 
Strike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Min(Cap_2 ; Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(T) – Strike_2)) 
 
3.3.14.4   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above 
 
3.3.14.5   Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; Payout_ESP; Bonus; Participation_1; 
Participation_2; Strike_1; Strike_2; Cap_1; Cap_2 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.14.6   Reference Formula(e):  
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
3.3.15   Bonus Flex 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.15, the following applies: 
 
3.3.15.1   Product Description: 
 
-   This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
   o   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a [High] [Low] Barrier Knock-In Event and of a Second 
[High] [Low] Barrier Knock-In Event. 
   o   The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product minus a strike level, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and 
/or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.15.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.3.15.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(HighBonus 
; 
Min(Cap_1 
; 
Participation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T))  – Strike_1))) 
 
Scenario 2:

--- Page 347 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
347 
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred and a [Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [Second 
High Barrier Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(LowBonus; 
Min(Cap_2 
; 
Participation_2 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If a [Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred and a [Second Low Barrier Knock-In Event] [Second 
High Barrier Knock-In Event] has occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Min(Cap_3 ; Participation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – 
Strike_3)) 
 
3.3.15.4   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.15.5   Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3; 
Payout_ESP; HighBonus; Participation_1; Participation_2; Participation_3; Strike_1; Strike_2; Strike_3; Cap_1; Cap_2; Cap_3; 
LowBonus  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.15.6   Reference Formula(e):  
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2; ReferenceFormula_Final_3 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
3.3.16   Reserved 
 
3.3.17   Reserved 
 
3.3.18   Reserved 
 
3.3.19   In-Line 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.19, the following applies: 
 
3.3.19.1   Product Description: 
-   This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
   o   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the occurrence or not of a Low Barrier Knock-In Event or of a High Barrier Knock-
In Event. 
   o   The Product Formula equals a predetermined value. 
 
3.3.19.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.19.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1:

--- Page 348 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
348 
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Bonus 
 
Scenario 2:  
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred or a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
3.19.4   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions described in Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 
above. 
 
3.19.5   Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; Bonus; Payout_ESP 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.19.6    Reference Formula(e): Not  applicable 
 
3.3.20   Reserved  
 
3.3.21   Sprint & Outperformance 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.21, the following applies: 
 
3.3.21.1   Product Description: 
 
-    This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
   o   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
-   Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two (or three, depending on the Option selected) scenarios: 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends on (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product compared to a Barrier and (ii) (if applicable) whether or not a Low Barrier Knock-In Event occurs or a European Knock-In 
Event.  
   o   The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula minus a strike level, which may be subject to cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.21.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.3.21.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – Strike_1)) 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a [Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event] [European Knock-In Event has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
Scenario 3:

--- Page 349 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
349 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a [Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Participation_3 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2) 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option B: 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2) 
 
3.3.21.4   Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.21.5   Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3; 
Payout_ESP; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Participation_1; Participation_2; Participation_3: Cap 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.21.6   Reference Formula(e):  
 
ReferenceFormula_Final 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
3.3.22   Reserved 
 
3.3.23   Reverse Capped Bonus 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.23, the following applies: 
 
3.3.23.1  Product Description: 
 
- This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
o      If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
- Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
o      The occurrence of these scenarios is subject to the occurrence or not of a High Barrier Knock-In Event.  
o      The Product Formula equals a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by a strike level minus the value of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and /or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor. 
 
3.3.23.2  Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.3.23.3  Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If a [High Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has not occurred, then:

--- Page 350 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
350 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(Bonus 
; 
Min(Cap_1 
; 
Participation_1 
x 
(Strike_1 
- 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T))))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If a [High Barrier Knock-In Event] [European Knock-In Event] has occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(Floor 
; 
Min(Cap_2 
; 
Participation_2 
x 
(Strike_2 
- 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))))) 
 
3.3.23.4  Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.23.5  Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; Payout_ESP; Bonus; Participation_1; 
Participation_2; Strike_1; Strike_2; Cap_1; Cap_2; Floor 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.23.6  Reference Formula(e):  
 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
 
3.3.24   Reserved 
 
3.3.25   Reverse Sprint &  Reverse Outperformance 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.25, the following applies: 
 
3.3.25.1   Product Description: 
 
-   This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
   o   If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
-    Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two (or three, depending on the Option selected) scenarios: 
   o   The occurrence of these scenarios depends on (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a Barrier and (ii) ) (if applicable)  whether or not a HighBarrier Knock-In Event occurs. 
   o   The Product Formula is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, 
by a strike level minus the value of the ReferenceFormula considered, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a 
leverage factor. 
 
3.3.25.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.3.25.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier, then:

--- Page 351 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
351 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x (Strike_1 – ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)))) 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In 
Event has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
Scenario 3:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In 
Event has occurred, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Max(Floor ; Participation_2 x (Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)))) 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option B: 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Max(Floor ; Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))) 
 
3.3.25.4   Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.25.5   Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3; 
Payout_ESP; Floor; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Participation_1; Participation_2; Cap 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.25.6   Reference Formula(e):  
 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
 
3.3.26  Reserved 
 
3.3.27 Digital Range 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.27, the following applies: 
 
3.3.27.1   Product Description: 
- This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
o      If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
- Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among five possible scenarios: 
o      The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the occurrence or not of (i) a LowBarrier Knock-In Event and of (ii) a HighBarrier 
Knock-In Event and upon (iii) the date the HighBarrier Knock-in Event occurs compared to the LowBarrier Knock-in Event.

--- Page 352 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
352 
o      The Product Formula is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, 
by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered and applied to the Underlying(s) minus a strike level, which may be subject to a 
floor and/or a cap and/or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.27.2  Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.3.27.3  Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Bonus 
 
Scenario 2:  
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Min(UpCap_1 ; CallParticipation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – 
StrikeCall_1)) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and the LowBarrierEventDate is before 
the HighBarrierEventDate, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Min(UpCap_2 ; CallParticipation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – 
StrikeCall_2)) 
 
Scenario 4:  
If a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and the HighBarrierEventDate is before 
the LowBarrierEventDate, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4 + Min(DownCap_1 ; Max(Floor_1 ; PutParticipation_1 x (StrikePut_1 – 
ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T))))) 
 
Scenario 5:  
If a High Barrier Knock-In Event has occurred and a Low Barrier Knock-In Event has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_5 
+ 
Max(Floor_2 
; 
PutParticipation_2 
x 
(StrikePut_2 
– 
ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)))) 
 
3.3.27.4  Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.27.5  Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_4; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_5; Payout_ESP; Bonus;  UpCap_1 ; CallParticipation_1; StrikeCall_1; 
DownCap_1; Floor_1; PutParticipation_1; StrikePut_1; UpCap_2; CallParticipation_2; StrikeCall_2; DownCap_2; Floor_2; 
PutParticipation_2; StrikePut_2 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.27.6  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2; ReferenceFormula_Final_3; ReferenceFormula_Final_4 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation):

--- Page 353 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
353 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
 
3.3.28  Reserved 
 
3.3.29 Reserved 
 
3.3.30  Equity Protection 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.29, the following applies: 
 
3.3.30.1 Product Description: 
- This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration. 
o      If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
- Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
o      The occurrence of these scenarios depends on (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a Barrier and of (ii) whether or not a LowBarrier Knock-In Event occurs. 
o      The Product Formula is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, 
by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered minus a strike level, which may be subject to a cap and/or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.30.2  Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.3.30.3  Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – Strike_1)) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Participation_2 x (ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)) – Strike_2) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier and a Low Barrier Knock-In 
Event has occurred, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Floor 
 
3.3.30.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.30.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3; Cap; 
Payout_ESP; Participation_1; Participation_2; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Floor 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.3.30.6  Reference Formula(e):  
ReferenceFormula_Final

--- Page 354 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
354 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
3.3.31 Reverse Equity Protection 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.3.31, the following applies: 
 
3.3.31.1  Product Description: 
- This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
o      If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
 
- Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among three possible scenarios: 
o      The occurrence of these scenarios depends on (i) the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of 
the Product and of its position compared to a Barrier and of (ii) whether or not a HighBarrier Knock-In Event occurs. 
o      The Product Formula is equal, depending upon the scenario occurring, to a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, 
by the value of the ReferenceFormula considered minus a strike level, which may be subject to a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.3.31.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.3.31.3  Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Barrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Min(Cap ; Participation_1 x (Strike_1 – ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In 
Event has not occurred, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Participation_2 x (Strike_2 – ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T))) 
 
Scenario 3:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Barrier and a High Barrier Knock-In 
Event has occurred, then:  
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3 + Floor 
 
3.3.31.4 Specific Definition(s): 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 and 
Conditions 3.3.0.4 to 3.3.0.7 above. 
 
3.3.31.5 Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_3; Cap; 
Payout_ESP; Participation_1; Participation_2; Barrier; Strike_1; Strike_2; Floor 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein.

--- Page 355 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
355 
3.3.31.6 Reference Formula(e):  
 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Final_1; ReferenceFormula_Final_2 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "BasketLevel") 
BestLevel (as defined under Condition 4.5 of the Family of "BestLevel") 
 
3.3.32 Reserved  
 
3.4 Reserved  
 
3.5 FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "ACCUMULATOR AND CLIQUET" 
 
Set out below, the list of Products of the Family of Products "Accumulator and Cliquet", the Reference of the Product of which is 
mentioned in the table below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.5.1 
Reserved 
3.5.2 
Reserved 
3.5.3 
Accumulative Best Entry 
3.5.4 
Best Entry 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
The Family "Accumulator and Cliquet" comprises Products which provide exposure to the performance of an Underlying or a Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, where the Product Amount(s) are determined based on an accumulation (either 
additive or multiplicative) of performances of the Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket over several 
consecutive periods (performances being usually restriked at the beginning of each period). Performances of the Underlying or Basket 
or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped.  
 
3.5.1 Reserved 
 
3.5.2 Reserved  
 
3.5.3 Accumulative Best Entry 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.5.3, the following applies: 
 
3.5.3.1  Product Description: 
 
- There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
- Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product equals to a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the weighted average of the 
relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap. 
 
3.5.3.2   Event-linked Early Expiration: Not Applicable 
 
3.5.3.3   Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + Weight_Payout(RVD(T)) + Max(FinalFloor ; Min(FinalCap ; Weight_1 x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) / ReferenceFormula_Final(t0)  + Sum (for i from 1 to RVD(T))(n from 1 to LockNumber) (Weight(i, 
n) x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(t)) / ReferenceFormula_Final(i)))) 
 
3.5.3.4 Specific Definitions:

--- Page 356 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
356 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned below if relevant : 
 
Lock-In Event(n) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on any Reference Date(s)(t), 
[ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t)] [the Closing of the Underlying] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the LockInBarrier_1(n) [and][or] 
[ReferenceFormula_Lock-In(t)] [the Closing of the Underlying] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the LockInBarrier_2(n). 
 
Weight_Payout(i) means : 
For i = y1, Weight_Payout(i) = Initial_Cash 
For i from (y1+1) to y2, Weight_Payout(i) = Max(0%; Initial_Cash – Sum(j from 1 to i-1)(n from 1 to LockNumber) [Weight(j, n)]) 
 
Weight(i, n) means : 
If on Valuation Date(i), Lock-In Event(n) has occurred: 
Weight(i, n) =  Min(Weight(n), Weight_Payout(i)) 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), Lock-In Event(n) has not occurred : 
Weight(i, n) = 0% 
 
Definitions relating to date(s) 
 
For the purpose of this section, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Reference Date(s)(t) means: 
 
-   [Valuation Date(i)] or  
-   [Daily Valuation Date(i)] or  
-   [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] 
 
3.5.3.5  Variable Data: 
 
LockNumber; Weight_Payout; Initial_Cash; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP; FinalFloor; FinalCap; Weight_1; Weight; FinalBarrier; 
LockInBarrier_1; LockInBarrier_2. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.5.3.6  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Lock-In 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
Price (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
 
3.5.4 Best Entry 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.5.4, the following applies: 
 
3.5.4.1 Product Description: 
 
- There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
 
- Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement Price 
in respect of this Product depends upon the scenario occurring among the only 1 (or 2 depending upon the Option selected) possible. 
 
o When relevant, the occurrence of these scenarios depends upon the value of the weighted average of the relevant 
ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and the sum of each value of BestEntryLevel, compared to a Barrier.  
 
o  The Final Settlement Price equals a predetermined value increased as the case may be by the value of the weighted average of 
the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product and the sum of each value of BestEntryLevel, which may 
be subject to a floor and / or a cap. 
 
3.5.4.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not Applicable 
 
3.5.4.3 Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: Certificate

--- Page 357 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
357 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + Max(FinalFloor ; Min(FinalCap ; Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + 
[Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RVD(T)))) 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option B: Simplified Best Entry 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), the LockIn Event(n) has not occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 
; 
Weight_1 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), the LockIn Event(n) has occurred, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 + Max(FinalFloor_2 ; Min(FinalCap_2 ; BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RVD(T)))) 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option C: Digital 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x 
BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_1 
; 
Min(FinalCap_1 
; 
Weight_1 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RVD(T)))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), Weight_1 x ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x 
BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RVD(T)) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ 
Max(FinalFloor_2 
; 
Min(FinalCap_2 
; 
Weight_1 
x 
ReferenceFormula_Final(RVD(T)) + [Sum (for n from 1 to LockNumber)] Weight_2(n) x BestEntry[Basket]Level(n,RVD(T)))) 
 
3.5.4.4  Specific Definitions: 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned below if relevant : 
 
LockIn Event(n) is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on any Reference Date(s)(t), for the first 
time, [ReferenceFormula_LockIn(t)] [the Closing of the Underlying] is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] the LockInBarrier(n). 
 
[Option A: MonoUnderlying 
 
BestEntryLevel(n, i) means, in respect of [each] [the] LockIn Event(n): 
if LockIn Event(n) has occurred: 
 
BestEntryLevel(n, i) = S(i) / BestEntryStrike(n). 
 
If LockIn Event(n) has not occurred: 
 
BestEntryLevel(n, i) = 100%. 
 
BestEntryStrike(n) means, [in respect of [each] [the] LockIn Event(n) which has occurred, the Minimum of the Closing Prices of the 
Underlying observed on each Daily Valuation Date(i) from and excluding the Valuation Date(i) immediately preceding the LockIn 
Valuation Date(n) to and including the LockIn Valuation Date(n)] [the Closing Price of the Underlying on Reference Date(s)(t0)] 
[LockInBarrier(n)] [LockInBarrier(n) x S(0)].] 
 
[Option B: MultiUnderlyings

--- Page 358 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
358 
 
BestEntryBasketLevel(n, i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i, k) and BestEntryLevel(n, i, k). 
 
BestEntryLevel(n, i, k) means, in respect of [each][the] LockIn Event(n): 
If LockIn Event(n) has occurred: 
 
BestEntryLevel(n, i, k) = S(i, k) / BestEntryStrike(n, k) 
 
If LockIn Event(n) has not occurred: 
BestEntryLevel(n, i, k) = 100%. 
 
BestEntryStrike(n, k) means, [in respect of [each] [the] LockIn Event(n) which has occurred, the Closing Price of the Underlying(k) 
observed on the specific Daily Valuation Date(i) on which ReferenceFormula_LockIn(RVD(i)) reached its [lowest][highest] level from 
and excluding the Valuation Date(i) immediately preceding the LockIn Valuation Date(n) to and including the LockIn Valuation 
Date(n).] [the Closing Price of the Underlying(k) on Reference Date(s)(t0)] 
 [LockInBarrier(n)] [LockInBarrier(n) x S(0,k)].] 
 
Definitions relating to date(s) 
 
For the purpose of this section, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
LockIn Valuation Date(n) means, in respect of [each] [the] LockIn Event(n), the specific Reference Date(s)(t) on which such LockIn 
Event(n) has occurred. 
 
Reference Date(s)(t) means: 
- [Valuation Date(i)] or 
- [Daily Valuation Date(i)] or 
- [the date(t) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] 
 
Reference Date(s)(t0) means: 
- [Valuation Date(t0)] or 
- [LockIn Valuation Date(n)] or 
- [the date(t0) as defined in the applicable Final Terms] 
 
3.5.4.5 Variable Data: 
LockNumber; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP; FinalFloor; FinalCap; Weight_1; Weight_2; Barrier_1; Barrier_2; FinalBarrier; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; FinalFloor; FinalFloor_1; FinalFloor_2; FinalCap _1; FinalCap_2;  
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.5.4.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Final; ReferenceFormula_Lock-In 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but 
without limitation): 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Level (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BasketLevel (as defined under Condition 4.3 of the Family of "Basket Level") 
WorstLevel (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
S(i) is defined under Condition 4 relating to the definition of S, SI and FxRate. 
 
3.6 FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "MULTI-UNDERLYING" 
 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Multi-Underlying", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in 
the table below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product  
3.6.1 
Reserved 
3.6.2 
Reserved 
3.6.3 
Palladium

--- Page 359 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
359 
3.6.4 
Reserved 
3.6.5 
Polar 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
The Family "MULTI-UNDERLYING" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of several 
Underlyings composing the Basket, where the Product Amount(s) is(are) are determined based on the individual performance or level 
of each Underlying, provided that this individual performance or level can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or 
capped. Composition of the Basket can be altered over time depending on the individual performance or level of the Underlyings. 
Performance of the Underlyings or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, 
locked, floored and/or capped. 
 
3.6.1 Reserved 
 
3.6.2 Reserved 
 
3.6.3  Palladium 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.6.3, the following applies: 
 
3.6.3.1 Product Description: 
-      There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is equal to a predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the PalladiumLevel 
minus a strike level, which may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.6.3.2  Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.6.3.3  Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel + Min(Cap ; Max(Floor ; LeverageFactor x (PalladiumLevel(RVD(T)) – Strike))) 
 
3.6.3.4  Specific Definition(s): 
PalladiumLevel(i) = (1/N) x Sum( for k from 1 to N) [Abs(Level(i,k) – (1/N) x Sum( for s from 1 to N) Level(i,s))] 
 
3.6.3.5  Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel; Cap; Floor; LeverageFactor; Strike 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.6.3.6  Reference Formula(e): 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the one mainly used for these Products is (but without limitation): 
 
S (as defined under Condition 4.0 of the Definition of S, SI and FXRate) 
 
3.6.4  Reserved 
 
3.6.5  Polar 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.6.5, the following applies: 
 
3.6.5.1 Product Description: 
-      There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the AveragePolarLevel minus a strike level, which may be subject to a floor and / or a 
cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.6.5.1Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.6.5.1 Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
BaseSettlementLevel 
+ 
Min(Cap 
; 
Max(Floor 
; 
LeverageFactor 
x 
(AveragePolarLevel(T,PolarNumber,FrozenLevel)-Strike))) 
 
3.6.5.2  Specific Definition(s):

--- Page 360 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
360 
AveragePolarLevel(T, PolarNumber, FrozenLevel) means the Ratio of: 
(a) the Sum of:  
(i) PolarNumber x FrozenLevel; and  
(ii) the Sum for k from 1 to (N-PolarNumber) of RankedLevel(T,k); 
(b) and N 
 
With: 
FrozenLevel means a level which serves as reference to freeze the value of certain Underlying(s). 
PolarNumber means the number of Underlying(s) which are frozen to the FrozenLevel. 
 
3.6.5.3  Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel; Cap; Floor; LeverageFactor; Strike 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
PolarNumber; FrozenLevel 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 3.6.5.4 herein. 
 
3.6.5.4  Reference Formula(e):  
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the one mainly used for these Products is (but without limitation): 
 
RankedLevel (as defined under Condition 4.2 of the Family of "RankedLevel")

--- Page 361 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
361 
3.7 FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "VOLATILITY" 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Volatility", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the table 
below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product  
3.7.1 
Variance European Options 
3.7.2 
Reserved 
3.7.3 
Reserved 
3.7.4 
Volatility European Options 
3.7.5 
Reserved 
3.7.6 
Reserved 
3.7.7 
Reserved 
3.7.8 
Reserved 
3.7.9 
Reserved 
3.7.10 
Reserved 
3.7.11 
Reserved 
3.7.12 
Target Volatility 
 
Description of how the value of the Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
The Family "VOLATILITY" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of the historical 
variance or historical volatility of an Underlying or a Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket. Variance and volatility are 
measures of the dispersion of Underlying(s) returns. The Product Amount(s) are determined based on (a) performance or level of the 
Underlying or Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, and / or (b) historical variance or historical volatility of the 
Underlying or Basket and / or (c) additional parameters (if relevant). Performance or level or historical variance or historical volatility 
of the Underlying or Basket can be weighted, leveraged, averaged, locked, floored and/or capped. 
 
3.7.1 Variance European Options 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.1, the following applies: 
 
3.7.1.1 Product Description: 
-      There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios and the Option selected: 
o      If the HistoricalVarianceLevel considered is [higher][lower] [than] [or equal to] a Strike, the Product Formula equals a 
predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the HistoricalVarianceLevel minus the Strike, which may be 
subject to a leverage factor. 
o      Otherwise, the Product Formula equals a predetermined value. 
 
3.7.1.2  Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.7.1.3  Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: Variance Call 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_1 + Participation x (HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) - FinalStrike)

--- Page 362 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
362 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is lower than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_2  
 
Final Settlement Price – Option B: Variance Put 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is lower than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_1 + Participation x (FinalStrike - HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor)) 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_2 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: Variance Digit 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1   
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVarianceLevel(T, DetrendFactor)  is lower than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
3.7.1.4 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel; DetrendFactor; Participation; Strike; FinalStrike 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.7.1.5 Reference Formula(e):  
HistoricalVarianceLevel is defined under Condition 4.23 below of the Family of "VolatilityLevel" 
 
3.7.2 Reserved 
 
3.7.3 Reserved  
 
3.7.4 Volatility European Options 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.4, the following applies: 
 
3.7.4.1  Product Description: 
-      There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios and the Option selected: 
o      If the ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal considered is [higher][lower] [than] [or equal to] a Strike, the Product Formula equals a 
predetermined value increased, as the case may be, by the value of the ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal minus the Strike, which 
may be subject to a leverage factor. 
o      If the ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal considered is lower than [or equal to] a Strike 
o       Otherwise, the Product Formula equals a predetermined value. 
 
3.7.4.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable

--- Page 363 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
363 
 
3.7.4.3 Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: Volatility Call 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel + Participation x (ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option B: Volatility Put 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel + Participation x (FinalStrike - ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option C: Volatility Digit 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) is higher than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + Payout 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(T), HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) is lower than [or equal to] Strike then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
3.7.4.4 Variable Data: 
AnnualObservationNumber ; BaseSettlementLevel; Participation; Strike; FinalStrike ; DetrendFactor ; Payout 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.7.4.5 Reference Formula(e):  
AnnualObservationNumber ; 
Barrier ; 
BaseSettlementLevel; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 ; 
Participation; Strike; FinalStrike ; DetrendFacto; Payout 
 
3.7.4.5 Reference Formula(e):  
 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityFinal 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4below, the ones used for these Products are: 
 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel and RestrikeHistoricalVolatilityLevel (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of "VolatilityLevel").

--- Page 364 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
364 
3.7.5 Reserved  
 
3.7.6 Reserved  
 
3.7.7  Reserved 
 
3.7.8  Reserved 
 
3.7.9 Reserved  
 
3.7.10  Reserved 
 
3.7.11 Reserved 
 
3.7.12 Target Volatility 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.7.12, the following disposition applies: 
 
3.7.12.1 Product Description: 
-      There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is equal a predermined value, increased, as the case may be, by the value of the 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityStrategyFinal minus a Strike level, which may be subject to a floor. 
 
3.7.12.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.7.12.3 Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option A: Target Volatility 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel + Participation x Max(Floor; Min(Cap;  
 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityStrategyFinal(RVD(T)) – Strike)) 
 
Final Settlement Price – Option B: Locked Payout Target Volatility 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel + Participation x Max(Floor; Min(Cap;Max(LockedPayout; 
 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityStrategyFinal(RVD(T)) – Strike))) 
 
Where LockedPayout, means INT(MaxTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2)/LockInLevel) x LockInLevel 
 
MaxTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2) is defined under Condition 4 herein. 
 
3.7.12.4 Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel; Cap; Floor; LockInLevel; Participation; Strike 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.7.12.5 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_VolatilityStrategyFinal 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation):  
 
VolatilityStrategyPerformance(i), AverageTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2) (as defined under Condition 4.23 of the Family of 
"VolatilityLevel".) 
 
3.8 RESERVED 
 
3.9 FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "RATE" 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Rate", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned in the table 
below and will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product".

--- Page 365 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
365 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.9.1 
Structured Floating Rate Warrant 
3.9.2 
Reserved 
3.9.3 
Reserved 
3.9.4 
Reserved 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
The Family "RATE" comprises Products commonly used to provide exposure to Reference Rate or Inflation Index, provided that other 
Family of Products may be indexed to Reference Rate or Inflation Index. 
 
3.9.0 Generic descriptions for Rate Products 
 
3.9.0.1 Upper Bound Trigger Event 
 
a) Description: 
 
Upper Bound Trigger Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(i) is higher than [or equal to] AutocallBarrierUpperBound(i). 
 
b) Variable Data: 
 
AutocallBarrierUpperBound.  
 
The Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
c) Reference Formula(e): 
 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall 
 
3.9.0.2 Lower Bound Trigger Event 
 
a) Description: 
 
Lower Bound Trigger Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(i) is lower than [or equal to] AutocallBarrierLowerBound(i). 
 
b) Variable Data: 
 
AutocallBarrierLowerBound.  
 
The Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
c) Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall 
 
3.9.0.3 Reserved  
 
3.9.0.4 Event-linked Early Expirations  
 
Set out below a list of different Options relating to the Family of Products "Rate". The clause "Reference of the Product" of the 
applicable Final Terms shall indicate the Option applicable to the Product selected amongst the Options described below, to determine 
the Early Settlement Price. 
 
OPTION 1: Upper Bound Trigger Event for Event-linked Early Expiration  
If on a Valuation Date(i), an Upper Bound Trigger Event has [not] occurred, then: 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i)  
 
OPTION 2: Lower Bound Trigger Event for Event-linked Early Expiration 
If on a Valuation Date(i), a Lower Bound Trigger Event has [not] occurred, then: 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i)

--- Page 366 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
366 
3.9.1 Structured Floating Rate Warrant 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.9.1, the following applies: 
 
3.9.1.1 Product Description: 
-      (subject to the selection of one of the Options described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above) there is no Event-linked Early Expiration 
under this Product. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is equal to a predetermined value. 
 
3.9.1.2 Early Expiration Event:  
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate either "Not applicable" or the Option applicable to the Product amongst the Options 
described in Condition 3.9.0.4 above. 
 
3.9.1.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
 
3.9.1.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more of the definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.9.1.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP (when applicable) ; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.9.1.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Payout 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without 
limitation):  
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying: 
Fixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "ReferenceFixings") 
Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
RestrikePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.17 of the Family of "RestrikePerformance") 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
BestFixing, WorstFixing, AverageFixing, BasketFixing or SpreadFixing (as defined under Condition 4.25 of the Family of "Reference 
Fixings") 
BasketPerformance or BasketRestrikePerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the Family of "BasketPerformance") 
 
3.9.2 Reserved 
 
3.9.3 Reserved 
 
3.9.4 Reserved 
 
3.10 FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "CREDIT OR BOND LINKED" 
 
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Credit or Bond Linked", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned 
in the table below will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product": 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.10.1 
Credit Linked Products 
3.10.2 
Bond Linked Products 
3.10.3 
Autocall Credit Linked Products 
3.10.4 
Reserved 
3.10.5 
Basket of Tranches Credit Linked Products 
3.10.6 
Evolutive Tranche Credit Linked Products

--- Page 367 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
367 
3.10.7 
Leveraged Credit Linked Products 
 
For each Reference of the Product mentioned in the table above, any parameter or reference from the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants or from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants, including any parameter 
or reference not relating to a Product Amount, may be enumerated as many times as the context may require.  
 
The original reference that is enumerated shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its 
enumeration, unless the Reference of the Product indicates a definition of the original reference that is enumerated specific to the 
enumeration and, in such case, the definition of the Reference of the Product shall prevail. 
 
In case several references from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants or from the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants, including any reference not relating to a Product Amount, are enumerated, all the distinct 
references enumerated with the same enumeration shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the same set of references and, 
when relevant, linked to one another. 
 
Illustration: 
For the product 3.10.5, Aggregate Loss Amount and Tranche Subordination Amount, non-exhaustively, may be enumerated into, 
respectively: 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(1), Aggregate Loss Amount(2) and Aggregate Loss Amount(3); 
 
Tranche Subordination Amount(1), Tranche Subordination Amount(2) and Tranche Subordination Amount(3); 
 
The definition of Aggregate Loss Amount shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, Aggregate Loss 
Amount(1), Aggregate Loss Amount(2) and Aggregate Loss Amount(3). 
 
The definition of Tranche Subordination Amount shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, Tranche 
Subordination Amount(1), Tranche Subordination Amount(2) and Tranche Subordination Amount(3). 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(1) and Tranche Subordination Amount(1) if relevant shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the 
same set of references (i.e. the set of references enumerated with the enumeration (1)) and, when relevant, linked to one another. 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(2) and Tranche Subordination Amount(2) if relevant shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the 
same set of references (i.e. the set of references enumerated with the enumeration (2)) and, when relevant, linked to one another. 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(3) and Tranche Subordination Amount(3) if relevant shall be deemed, mutatis mutandis, to be part of the 
same set of references (i.e. the set of references enumerated with the enumeration (3)) and, when relevant, linked to one another. 
 
Description of how the value of the relevant Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
 
The Family "CREDIT OR BOND LINKED" comprises Products which provide exposure to the credit risk of a Reference Entity or a 
Reference Portfolio comprising several Reference Entities (in respect of Credit Linked Warrants) or a Bond or a Reference Portfolio 
comprising several Bonds (in respect of Bond Linked Warrants) and the financial indebtedness of any such Reference Entity or one 
or several Reference Entity(ies) within the Reference Portfolio (in respect of Credit Linked Warrants), where the Product Amounts are 
determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) or Bond Event(s) and in the case of the occurrence of Credit Event(s), 
determined by reference to the Credit Event Payment Amount or the Physical Delivery Amount (with, if any, the Credit Event Payment 
Amount per Undeliverable Obligations), as applicable, as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
or of Bond Event(s), according to the Credit Event Payment Amount as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond 
Linked Warrants. In addition, the Autocall Credit Linked Products provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of a CDS 
Spread, where the Product Amount(s) are determined based on one or several conditions, one of which being typically satisfied if the 
level of the CDS Spread is higher (or lower) than or equal to a pre-defined barrier. 
 
3.10.1 Credit Linked Products 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.1, the following applies: 
 
3.10.1.1 Product Description: 
-      There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s). 
 
3.10.1.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.10.1.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel

--- Page 368 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
368 
[The following paragraphs in square brackets indicate options which may only be applicable to some Issues of Warrants describing 
which options in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants apply]  
 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
[Provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer will, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant at the Credit Event Payment 
Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms and 
Conditions.]  
 
Credit Event Payment Amount means,  
(i)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and 
the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of the Final Value 
multiplied by the Nominal Amount of each Warrant minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
 
(ii)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1) the 
Principal Credit Factor and (2) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant minus the product of (a) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant, 
(b) the Principal Loss Factor and (c) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, minus the Unwind Costs in 
respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
 
(iii)   in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and 
the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the difference between (1) the 
product of (x) the positive difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value (expressed as a percentage) and (y) the 
Nominal Amount of each Warrant and (2) the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
 
(iv)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1) the 
Principal Credit Factor and (2) the difference between (a) the product of (x) the Principal Loss Factor, (y) the positive difference 
between the Reference Price and the Final Value (expressed as a percentage) and (z) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant and (b) 
the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
 
(v)    in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the 
Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to (i) the Relevant 
Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the applicable 
Exercise Date minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the 
Expiration Date; or 
 
(vi)    in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the 
Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to the product of (i) 
the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the difference between (x) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Warrant 
Notional Amount and the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the applicable Exercise Date and 
(y) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date; or 
 
(vii)    in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Short Warrants, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal 
for each Warrant to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the applicable Exercise Date minus (ii) the 
aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date.  
 
[If Alternative Physical Delivery Amount applies] provided that where "Alternative Physical Delivery Amount" is specified as applying 
in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer would be required to pay the Credit Event Payment Amount on the Settlement Date 
above, it shall in place of such payment deliver to the Warrantholders the Alternative Physical Delivery Amount subject to provisions 
of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms and Conditions.] 
 
[If settlement by way of physical delivery only applicable for Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants: 
provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer will, on the Settlement Date, deliver the Physical Delivery Amount to the 
Warrantholders, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms 
and Conditions.]  
 
Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Warrant: 
 
Specified Deliverable Obligations with (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are 
Borrowed Money) or (b) a Due and Payable Amount (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are not Borrowed Money), in each 
case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject to a minimum of zero: A x (B – C). 
 
Where: 
 
A means the Principal Credit Factor;

--- Page 369 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
369 
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Cancellation Amount (in the event of a Restructuring as contemplated in 
Condition 1.3 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) or (iii) the Multiple Successor Notional Amount (in 
the circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants); and 
 
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations with a market value equal to the amount of the Unwind Costs. 
 
3.10.1.4 Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel 
 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.2 Bond Linked Products 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.2, the following applies: 
 
3.10.2.1 Product Description: 
-      There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined according to the occurrence of Bond Event(s). 
 
3.10.2.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.10.2.3 Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel 
 
Provided that if one or more Bond Event Determination Date(s) occur(s), the Issuer will, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant 
at the Bond Event Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants and subject to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants. 
 
Bond Event Amount means the maximum of zero and: 
 
[If Single Bond Linked Warrants where the Bond Currency is the same as the Settlement Currency of the Warrants] an amount equal 
for each Warrant to the sum of (i) the product of the Bond Final Value and the Notional Amount per Warrant and (ii) the product of the 
Relevant Proportion and the Breakage Cost Amount of the Bond if this option is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
or zero if this option is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
[If Single Bond Linked Warrants where the Bond Currency is different from the Settlement Currency of the Warrants] an amount equal 
for each Warrant to the sum of (i) the product of the Bond Final Value and the Relevant Proportion of the Bond Notional Amount 
(expressed in the Settlement Currency of the Warrants using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on or around the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date) and (ii) the product of the Relevant Proportion and the Breakage Cost Amount of the Bond (in the case of (ii) 
which may be a negative amount) if this option is specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms or zero if this option is 
specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
[If Basket Bond Linked Warrants] an amount equal for each Warrant to the sum of (i) the product of the Relevant Proportion and the 
difference between the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the Expiration Date and (ii) the 
product of the Relevant Proportion and the aggregate Breakage Cost Amount of each of the relevant Bonds if this option is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms or zero if this option is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3.10.2.1 Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel 
 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.3  Autocall Credit Linked Products  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.3, the following applies: 
 
3.10.3.1 Product Description: 
-    An Event-linked Early Settlement Amount may be paid under this Product: If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, 
the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount equals a predetermined value. 
-    Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Final Settlement Price will be determined on the basis of the 
Reference Formula and according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s). 
 
3.10.3.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable

--- Page 370 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
370 
An Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if (1) on a Valuation Date(i), [[a 
European] [an American] Knock-In Event has [not] occurred] [[and][or] ReferenceFormula_Autocall(RVD(i)) is [higher] [lower] than [or 
equal to] AutocallBarrier(i)], (2) no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred on or before the Event-linked Early Settlement 
Date(RVD(i)), and (3) no Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or Potential Failure to Pay (if applicable) has occurred and is continuing 
at the Event-linked Early Settlement Date(RVD(i)), then:  
 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount(i) = Notional Amount × Product Formula(i) 
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + [Payout_ESP [x i] [x DCF(i)]] 
 
3.10.3.3 Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(T) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1 + [Payout_FSP x [x T] [x DCF(T)]] 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier(T) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
 
[provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer will, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant at the Credit Event Payment 
Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
Credit Event Payment Amount means,  
 
(i)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and 
the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of the Final Value 
multiplied by the Nominal Amount of each Warrant minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
 
(ii)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1) the 
Principal Credit Factor and (2) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant minus the product of (a) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant, 
(b) the Principal Loss Factor and (c) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, minus the Unwind Costs in 
respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
 
(iii)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor 
and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the difference between (1) 
the product of (x) the positive difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value (expressed as a percentage) and (y) the 
Nominal Amount of each Warrant and (2) the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
 
(iv)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1) the 
Principal Credit Factor and (2) the difference between (a) the product of (x) the Principal Loss Factor, (y) the positive difference 
between the Reference Price and the Final Value (expressed as a percentage) and (z) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant and (b) 
the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
[If settlement by way of physical delivery: 
[provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer will, on the Settlement Date, deliver the Physical Delivery Amount to the 
Warrantholders, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms 
and Conditions. 
 
Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Warrant: 
 
Specified Deliverable Obligations with (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are 
Borrowed Money) or (b) a Due and Payable Amount (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are not Borrowed Money), in each 
case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject to a minimum of zero: A x (B – C). 
 
Where: 
A means the Principal Credit Factor; 
 
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Cancellation Amount (in the event of a Restructuring as contemplated in 
Condition 1.1.3 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants) or (iii) the Multiple Successor Notional Amount (in 
the circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.1.4 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants); and

--- Page 371 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
371 
 
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations with a market value equal to the amount of the Unwind Costs. 
 
3.10.3.4 Variable Data: 
AutocallBarrier; DCF; FinalBarrier; BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; 
Payout_ESP; Payout_FSP 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.3.5  Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall; ReferenceFormula_FinalBarrier 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
CDS Spread 
 
3.10.4 Reserved  
 
3.10.5  Basket of Tranches Credit Linked Products  
If the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.5 and (ii) the Type of Credit Linked Warrants is Tranche 
Warrants, the following applies: 
 
3.10.5.1 Product Description: 
-      There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) and each of such Credit Event(s) may 
fall within a tranche related to a certain Reference Portfolio having a predetermined Reference Portfolio Weight. 
 
3.10.5.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not Applicable  
 
3.10.5.3 Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel 
 
If settlement by way of cash: 
[provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer will, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant at the Credit Event Payment 
Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms and 
Conditions.] 
 
[Credit Event Payment Amount means,   
(i)    in respect of Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor are 
both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the 
difference between the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of (x) the Reference 
Portfolio Weight(k) and (y) the Aggregate Loss Amount(k) as at the applicable Exercise Date minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind 
Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date; or 
 
(ii)    in respect of Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the Principal Loss Factor is 
different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to the product of (i) the Principal Credit 
Factor and (ii) the difference between (x) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount 
and the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of (a) the Reference Portfolio Weight(k) 
and (b) the Aggregate Loss Amount(k) as at the applicable Exercise Date and (y) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in 
respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date; or 
 
(iii)    in respect of Tranche Warrants that are Short Warrants, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to 
(i) the Relevant Proportion of the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of (x) the Reference Portfolio Weight(k) and (y) of the 
Aggregate Loss Amount(k) as at the applicable Exercise Date minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of 
all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date.  
 
Reference Portfolio Weight(k) (k from 1 to N) means Weight_k. 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(k) (k from 1 to N) means at any time for a Tranche Warrant, the lowest of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; 
and (ii) the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount(k) for all Reference Entities in 
the Reference Portfolio(k) and in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination 
Amount(k).Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants that is enumerated above, 
and the definition of which is not detailed above, shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its 
enumeration in accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants.] 
 
3.10.5.4 Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel;Weight_k (k from 1 to N).

--- Page 372 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
372 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.6  Evolutive Tranche Credit Linked Products  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.6 and (ii) the Type of Credit Linked Warrants is Tranche 
Warrants, the following applies: 
 
3.10.6.1 Product Description: 
 
-      There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is determined according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s) and each of such Credit Event(s) may 
fall within a tranche the width of which, marked in particular by the Attachment Point and the Detachment Point, automatically changes 
on the Tranche Switch Date. 
 
3.10.6.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not Applicable  
 
3.10.6.3 Final Settlement Price: 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel 
 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer will, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant at the Credit Event Payment 
Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms and 
Conditions.] 
 
[Credit Event Payment Amount means,  in respect of Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to (i) the 
Relevant Proportion of the product of (x) the difference between the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the Aggregate Loss 
Amount(1) and (y) the difference between 1 and the division of (xx) the Aggregate Loss Amount(2) by (xy) the Aggregate Warrant 
Notional Amount, as at the applicable Exercise Date minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit 
Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date. 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(1) means at any time for a Tranche Warrant, the lowest of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the 
highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount(1) for all Reference Entities in respect of 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and excluding 
the Tranche Switch Date and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount(1). 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount(2) means at any time for a Tranche Warrant, the lowest of (i) the Tranche Notional Amount; and (ii) the 
highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount(2) for all Reference Entities in respect of 
which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including 
the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount(2). 
 
Tranche Switch Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. The Tranche Switch Date must be 
comprised within the period from and excluding the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and excluding the Scheduled Last Credit 
Event Occurrence Date. 
 
Each original reference from the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants that is enumerated above, and the 
definition of which is not detailed above, shall be construed as a reference to, and shall apply mutatis mutandis to, each of its 
enumeration in accordance with its meaning given in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants.] 
 
3.10.6.4 Variable Data: 
 
BaseSettlementLevel  
 
This Variable Data is defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.7 Leveraged Credit Linked Products 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.10.7, the following applies: 
 
3.10.7.1 Product Description: 
 
An Event-linked Early Settlement Amount may be paid under this Product: If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, 
the Event-linked Early Settlement Amount equals the Market Value.

--- Page 373 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
373 
Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Final Settlement Price will be determined on the basis of the 
Reference Formula and according to the occurrence of Credit Event(s), and subject to a Leverage on the loss amount if a Credit 
Event Occurs. 
 
3.10.7.2  Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount(i) = Market Value 
 
Where : 
 
Market Value means, as per Condition 5.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, 
which, on the due date for the early expiration or cancellation of the Warrant, shall represent the fair market value of the Warrant and 
shall have the effect (after taking into account the costs that cannot be avoided to settle the Warrants at the 
fair market value to the Warrantholders) of preserving for the Warrantholder the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer 
to make the payments in respect of the Warrant which would, but for such early expiration or cancellation, have fallen due after the 
relevant early expiration or cancellation date, or (ii) in the event of Warrants listed on the Italian Stock 
Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), an amount determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner to be the fair market value of the Warrants immediately prior, and ignoring the circumstances leading, to such 
termination. 
 
An Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, if on a Valuation Date(i)(i from 1 to 
T): 
 
[if Single Name Warrants 
 
(i) the Reference Entity Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Single 
[or (ii) a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in respect of the Reference Entity.] 
[and [(ii)][(iii)] the Current Market Value of the Warrant is lower than or equal to Barrier_ ES]] 
 
[if Basket Warrants and Credit Index Option is not Applicable 
 
(i) the Average Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Basket 
[or (ii) the Reference Entity Spread with respect to any Reference Entity(k) on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Single(k)] 
[or [(ii)][(iii)]a Credit Event Determination Date occurs in respect of one or more Reference Entities.] 
[and [(ii)][(iii)][(iv)] the Current Market Value of the Warrant is lower than or equal to the Barrier_ ES]] 
 
[if Basket Warrants and Credit Index Option is Applicable 
 
(i) the Credit Index Spread on such day is higher than or equal to Barrier_Index 
and 
(ii) the Current Market Value of the Warrant is lower than or equal to the Barrier_ES.] 
 
Early Expiration Event Determination Date means the day on which the Early Expiration Event Notice is delivered. 
 
Early Expiration Event Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders informing 
the Warrantholders that an Early Expiration Event has occurred and specifying the Eventlinked Early Settlement Date and the 
Eventlinked Early Settlement Amount. The Early Expiration Event that is the subject of an Early Expiration Event Notice does not 
need to be continuing on the Early Expiration Event Determination Date. 
 
Current Market Value means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, which, on the relevant Valuation Date(i) (i from 1 to 
T), shall represent the Market Value of the Warrants that would be computed if the Warrants were to be redeemed as of such Valuation 
Date(i) (i from 1 to T). 
 
Dealer means any dealer (other than Société Générale) determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion as 
being a dealer in respect of providing quotations in respect of credit default swap transactions. 
 
Dealer Poll Method means that, on any day, the Reference Entity Spread will be determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
(A) the Calculation Agent will attempt to obtain offer quotations from five Dealers, whereby: 
 - a. If three or more such quotations are obtained prior to 17.00 (London time) on such day (the “Quotation Deadline Time”), the 
Reference Entity Spread will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations without regard to the quotations having the highest or 
lowest values (and, if more than one such quotation have the same highest or lowest quotation, then one of such highest or lowest 
quotations (as relevant) may be disregarded); or 
 - b. If two such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations; or 
- c. If one such quotation is obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be such quotation; or 
 
(B) If it is not possible to obtain any quotations prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion acting in good faith, having regard to the conditions 
prevailing in the market.

--- Page 374 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
374 
 
Leverage means Leverage_FSP. 
 
[if Basket Warrants and Credit Index Option is not Applicable 
Average Spread means, on any Valuation Date(i), the weighted average of the Reference Entity Spread for all Reference Entities 
calculated as: Sum (for k from 1 to N) [Weight(k) x Spread(k)] 
N means the number of Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio 
Weight(k) means the Reference Entity Weighting in respect of the kth Reference Entity 
Spread(k) means the Reference Entity Spread in respect of the kth Reference Entity] 
 
[if Basket Warrants and Credit Index Option is Applicable 
Credit Index Spread: means, on any Valuation Date (i), 
  (i) if no Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the Effective Credit Index Spread 
  (ii) if one or more Credit Event Determination Dates have occurred, the Rebased Credit Index Spread. 
Initial Credit Index: [Insert the Credit Index] 
 
Effective Credit Index: means the Initial Credit Index or, if subsequent versions are published after the Initial Index, the latest version 
of the Initial Credit Index, published by the Index Publisher and effective as of the relevant date. For the avoidance of doubt, it is 
expected that the Index Publisher publishes a new version each time a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, and the Final 
Value has been determined pursuant to relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
 
Effective Credit Index Spread: means the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for a credit default swap on the Effective Credit 
Index in the Credit Index Currency and with a maturity equal to the Credit Index Maturity, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the Dealer Poll Method. 
 
Index Publisher: Markit Indices Limited, or any successor 
 
Credit Index Currency: [Insert the Credit Index Currency] 
 
Credit Index Maturity: [Insert the Credit Index Maturity] 
 
Credit Index Coupon: [Insert the Credit Index Coupon] 
 
Credit Index Recovery Rate: [Insert the Credit Index Recovery Rate] 
 
Rebased Credit Index Spread means the spread expressed as a percentage, and determined by the Calculation Agent on any 
Valuation Date(i) by converting the Rebased Credit Index Upfront into a quoted spread,using the function “CDSW” in Bloomberg, as 
further specified below, or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. When using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent will determine the Rebased 
Credit Index Spread using the following Bloomberg parameters: 
 
- Bloomberg requested Points Upfront: Rebased Credit Index Upfront 
- Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
- Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
- Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
- Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
- Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i) 
 
provided that if such page or any relevant details as described above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole 
discretion, determine the Rebased Credit Index Spread with substitute details which are market equivalent. 
 
Rebased Index Upfront: means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date(i), by converting the Effective 
Credit Index Spread into an upfront value, using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, as further specified below, or any other calculation 
as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. When using the Bloomberg 
function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Effective Credit Index Upfront using the following Bloomberg parameters 
with the resulting “Points Upfront” expressed as a percentage. 
 
Effective Credit Index Upfront means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date(i), by converting the 
Effective Credit Index Spread into an upfront value, using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, as further specified below, or any other 
calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. When using the 
Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Effective Credit Index Upfront using the following Bloomberg 
parameters with the resulting “Points Upfront” expressed as a percentage: 
 
- Bloomberg requested CDS Spread: Effective Credit Index Spread 
- Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
- Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
- Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
- Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
- Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i)

--- Page 375 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
375 
provided always that if such page or any relevant details as noted above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole 
discretion, effect the Effective Credit Index Upfront determination with substitute details which are market equivalent. 
 
Remaining Credit Index Notional: means, as of Valuation Date(i), an amount expressed in percentage and equal to 100% minus 
the sum, for each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Final Value has been 
determined, of the Reference Entity Weighting for such Reference Entity. 
 
Aggregate Credit Index Loss Amount: means, as of Valuation Date(i), an amount expressed in percentage and equal to (i) the 
Aggregate Loss Amount divided by (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, Aggregate Credit Index 
Loss Amount shall take into account only the Credit Event Determination Date(s) (if any) for which the Final Value has 
been determined.] 
 
[if Single Name Warrants 
 
Reference Entity Spread means, in respect of the Reference Entity and any day, the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for 
a singlename credit default swap on the Reference Entity governed by the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, in USD, with the 
Reference CDS Maturity and for a size equal to the product of (i) the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Warrants, and (ii) the Leverage 
(such credit default swap, the “Reference CDS”), determined by the Calculation Agent using the Dealer Poll Method. For the avoidance 
of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed with an upfront amount (the “Upfront Quotation”), it will 
convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted spread by using the function CDSW in Bloomberg or any other calculation as the 
Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion, but acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner.] 
 
[If Basket Warrants 
 
Reference Entity Spread means, in respect of the Reference Entity and any day, the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for 
a singlename credit default swap on the Reference Entity governed by the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, in USD, with the 
Reference CDS Maturity and for a size equal to the product of (i) the aggregate Nominal Amount of the Warrants, (ii) the Reference 
Entity Weighting and (iii) the Leverage (such credit default swap, the “Reference CDS”), determined by the Calculation Agent using 
the Dealer Poll Method. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed with an 
upfront amount (the “Upfront Quotation”), it will convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted spread by using the function CDSW in 
Bloomberg or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion, but acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.] 
 
Reference CDS Maturity means 5-year or any shorter standard CDS maturity, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion. Provided that, when assessing the Average Spread, the same Reference CDS Maturity shall be used to 
determine all Reference Entities Spreads. 
 
3.10.7.3  Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T) 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel 
 
[If settlement by way of cash: 
provided that if one or more Credit Event Determination Date(s) occur(s) (as such term is defined in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants), the Issuer will, on the Settlement Date, settle each Warrant at the Credit Event Payment 
Amount, subject to provisions of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and subject to the Terms and 
Conditions.] 
 
Credit Event Payment Amount means, 
 
[if Single Name Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%] an amount, subject 
to a minimum of zero, equal to (A) the product of (i) 100% – Leverage x (100% Final Value) multiplied by (ii) the Notional Amount of 
each Warrant, minus (B) the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
[If Basket Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%], an amount, subject to a 
minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Warrant Notional 
Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event 
Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date. 
 
[If Basket Warrants 
Aggregate Loss Amount means, as per Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, at any 
time for a Basket Warrant that is not a Tranche Warrant, the aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect of all Reference Entities in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred.] 
 
Loss Amount means, notwithstanding the definition in Condition 2 of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, 
in relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount, and (ii) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, subject 
to a minimum of zero.

--- Page 376 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
376 
[If Basket Warrants 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means an amount equal to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount multiplied by the 
Leverage.] 
 
3.10.7.4 Variable Data: 
 
Barrier_Basket, Leverage_FSP, Barrier_Single; Barrier_ES; Barrier_Index. 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.10.7.5 Reference Formula(e): 
CDS Spread is defined under Condition 4.0 relating to the definition of S, SI and FXRate

--- Page 377 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
377 
3.11 FAMILY OF PRODUCTS "COMBINED VANILLAS"  
Set out below the list of Products of the Family of Products "Combined Vanillas", the Reference of the Product of which is mentioned 
in the table below will be indicated in the applicable Final Terms in the clause "Reference of the Product". 
 
Reference of the Product 
Product 
3.11.1 
Combined with Final Barrier 
3.11.2 
Reserved 
3.11.3 
Cumulative 
3.11.4 
Reserved 
 
Description of how the value of the Warrants can be affected by the value of the Underlying(s) 
The Family "COMBINED VANILLAS" comprises Products which provide exposure to the positive or negative performance of an 
Underlying or a Basket or one or several Underlying(s) within a Basket, where the Product Amount(s) is(are) determined as a floored, 
capped or leveraged weighted combination, either additive or multiplicative, of vanilla calls, puts, digits, fixed amounts, and 
combinations, either additive or multiplicative, of calls, digits and fixed amounts. 
 
3.11.1 Combined with Final Barrier 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.1, the following applies: 
 
3.11.1.1 Product Description: 
-      This Product may be subject to Event-linked Early Expiration: 
o      If an Early Expiration Event is deemed to have occurred, the Product Formula used to determine the Early Settlement Price 
equals a predetermined value. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product depends on the realisation of one among two possible scenarios: 
o      The occurrence of these scenarios depends on the value of the relevant ReferenceFormula applied to the Underlying(s) of the 
Product and of its position compared to a FinalBarrier. 
o      The Product Formula depends on the value of the SumOfDigits considered and, as the case may be, upon the value of the 
ReferenceFormula considered. 
 
3.11.1.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Applicable 
Early Settlement Price(i) = Notional Amount x Product Formula(i)  
 
Product Formula(i) = BaseSettlementLevel_ESP(i) + Payout_ESP(i) 
 
3.11.1.3 Final Settlement Price: 
 
Scenario 1:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RVD(T)) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
Max(Final_Floor_1; 
Min(Final_Cap_1; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1+ 
FinalParticipation_1 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_1(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike) + FinalParticipation_2 x ReferenceFormula_Final_2(RVD(T)))) 
 
Scenario 2:  
If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Barrier(RVD(T)) is lower than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount × Product Formula(T)  
 
Product 
Formula(T) 
= 
Max(Final 
Floor_2; 
Min(Final 
Cap_2; 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2 
+ FinalParticipation_3 
x 
(ReferenceFormula_Final_3(RVD(T)) – FinalStrike) + FinalParticipation_4 x ReferenceFormula_Final_4(RVD(T)))) 
 
3.11.1.4 Specific Definition(s): 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above.  
 
3.11.1.5 Variable Data: 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP; Payout_ESP; FinalBarrier; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_1; BaseSettlementLevel_FSP_2; Final_Cap_1; 
Final_Cap_2; Final_Floor_1; Final_Floor_2; FinalParticipation_1; FinalParticipation_2; FinalParticipation_3; FinalParticipation_4; 
FinalStrike 
 
And any Variable Data according to the Specific Definitions used as mentioned in Condition 1.2.2.

--- Page 378 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
378 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.11.1.6 Reference Formula(e): 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier; 
ReferenceFormula_Final; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_1; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_2; 
ReferenceFormula_Final_3; ReferenceFormula_Final_4 
 
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
SumOfCalls or SumOfDigits or SumOfStrikedDigits or SumOfTimeDigits (as defined under Condition 4.27 of the Family of "Combined 
Vanillas") 
 
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the Family of "BasketPerformance")  
 
WorstLevel or WorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel") 
 
3.11.2  Reserved 
 
3.11.3 Cumulative 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Reference of the Product" is 3.11.3, the following applies: 
 
3.11.3.1 Product Description: 
-      There is no Event-linked Early Expiration under this Product. 
-      Unless the Product has been previously exercised or cancelled, the Product Formula used to determine the Final Settlement 
Price in respect of this Product is equal to the value of the CumulativeProductFormula (defined in Condition 3.11.4.4 below), which 
may be subject to a floor and / or a cap and / or with a leverage factor. 
 
3.11.3.2 Event-linked Early Expiration: Not applicable 
 
3.11.3.3 Final Settlement Price: 
 
Final Settlement Price = Notional Amount x Product Formula(T)  
 
Product Formula(T) = Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; Leverage x CumulativeProductFormula)) 
 
3.11.3.4 Specific Definition(s):  
 
CumulativeProductFormula means the [Product] [Sum], for k from 1 to UnitVanillaNumber, of UnitVanilla(k, Parameters(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)) 
 
UnitVanilla(k, Parameters(k), ReferenceFormula(k)) means the [Sum] [Product] of: 
1)     BaseSettlementLevel(k); and 
2)     The Sum of ConstantCall(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbCalls(k), of the Product of WeightCall(m, k) and Max(0 ; 
ReferenceFormula(k)(T) –  StrikeCall(m, k)) ; and 
3)     The Sum of ConstantPut(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbPuts(k), of the Product of WeightPut(m, k) and Max(0 ; StrikePut(m, 
k) – ReferenceFormula(k)(T)) ; and 
4)     The Sum of ConstantDigitUp(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k), of the Product of WeightDigitUp(m, k) and 
IND(ReferenceFormula(k)(T) is higher than [or equal to] StrikeDigitUp(m, k)) ; and 
5)     The Sum ofConstant DigitDown(k) and the Sum, for m from 1 to NbDigitsDown(k), of the Product of WeightDigitDown(m, k) and 
IND(ReferenceFormula(k)(T) is lower than [or equal to] StrikeDigitDown(m, k)). 
 
Parameters(k) means the set of the following Variable Data: 
 NbCalls(k); 
ConstantCall(k); 
NbPuts(k); 
ConstantPut(k); 
 
 
 
 
NbDigitsUp(k); 
ConstantDigitUp(k); 
NbDigitsDown(k); 
ConstantDigitDown(k); BaseSettlementLevel(k); WeightCall(m, k) (m from 1 to NbCalls(k)); StrikeCall(m, k) (m from 1 to NbCalls(k)); 
WeightPut(m, k) (m from 1 to NbPuts(k)); StrikePut(m, k) (m from 1 to NbPuts(k)); WeightDigitUp(m, k) (m from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k)); 
StrikeDigitUp(m, k) (m from 1 to NbDigitsUp(k)); WeightDigitDown(m, k) (m from 1 to NbDigitsDown(k)); StrikeDigitDown(m, k) (m 
from 1 to NbDigitsDown(k)) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt VariableData(k)(i) means in respect of the kth iteration, the VariableData as of date(i) 
 
The applicable Final Terms shall indicate, as the case may be, one or more definitions mentioned in Condition 1.2.2 above. 
 
3.11.3.5 Variable Data: 
ProductNumber; Floor; Cap; Leverage; UnitVanillaNumber; BaseSettlementLevel; NbCalls; ConstantCall; NbPuts; ConstantPut; 
NbDigitsUp; ConstantDigitUp; NbDigitsDown; ConstantDigitDown; WeightCall; StrikeCall; WeightPut; StrikePut; WeightDigitUp; 
StrikeDigitUp; WeightDigitDown; StrikeDigitDown 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
3.11.3.6 Reference Formula(e):

--- Page 379 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
379 
 
ReferenceFormula  
Among the Reference Formulae defined under Condition 4 below, the ones mainly used for these Products are (but without limitation): 
 
Level or Performance (as defined under Condition 4.1 of the Family of "SimpleLevel") 
BasketPerformance or AverageBasketPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.4 of the Family of "BasketPerformance") 
 
WorstLevel or WorstPerformance (as defined under Condition 4.6 of the Family of "WorstLevel")  
 
3.11.4 Reserved 
 
 
4. CHARACTERISTICS AND DEFINITIONS RELATING TO FAMILIES OF REFERENCE FORMULA(E) 
 
Set out below the list of Families of Reference Formula(e), each as described hereinafter. 
 
Reference of the Family 
Reference Formula(e) 
4.0 
Definition of S, SI and FXRate 
4.1 
Family of « SimpleLevel » 
4.2 
Family of « RankedLevel » 
4.3 
Family of « BasketLevel » 
4.4 
Family of « BasketPerformance » 
4.5 
Family of « BestLevel » 
4.6 
Family of « WorstLevel » 
4.7 
Family of « LargeLevel » 
4.8 
Family of « SmallLevel » 
4.9 
Family of « TimeLevel » 
4.10 
Family of « RankedTime » 
4.11 
Family of « WeightedMaxTimeLevel » 
4.12 
Family of « WeightedMinTimeLevel » 
4.13 
Family of « WeightedSumTimeLevel » 
4.14 
Family of « WeightedAverageTimeLevel » 
4.15 
Family of « WorstTimeLevel » 
4.16 
Family of « BestTimeLevel » 
4.17 
Family of « RestrikePerformance » 
4.18 
Family of « ModifiedPerformance » 
4.19 
Family of « FreezeModifiedPerformance » 
4.20 
Family of « Himalaya & Emerald ReferenceLevel » 
4.21 
Family of « RangeAccrual » 
4.22 
Family of « IntradayLevel » 
4.23 
Family of « VolatilityLevel » 
4.24 
Family of « Combined ReferenceFormula » 
4.25 
Family of « ReferenceFixings » 
4.26 
Family of « InBetweenLevel » 
4.27 
Family of « Combined Vanillas » 
4.28 
Reserved 
4.29 
Family of « Counter » 
 
The Reference Formulae of the Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below are used to determine or calculate either 
(i) a price of one or several Underlying(s) which is called a Reference Price, (ii) a level of the price of one or several 
Underlying(s) which is called a Reference Level, (iii) a performance of the price of one or several Underlying(s) which is called a 
Reference Performance and/or (iv) a fixing of a Reference Rate and/or (v) a fixing of one or several foreign exchange rate(s).  
 
1) Price, Level or Performance 
 
In sections 4.1 to 4.29 below, (a) when the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae contains the 
word "Price", such Reference Formula is used to determine a Reference Price, (b) when the denomination of a Reference Formula in 
a Family of Reference Formulae contains the word "Level", such Reference Formula is used to calculate a Reference Level, (c) when 
the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae contains the word "Performance", such Reference 
Formula is used to calculate a Reference Performance and (d) when the denomination of the Reference Formula in a Family of 
Reference Formulae contains the word "Fixing", such Reference Formula is used to determine or calculate a Reference Fixing.  
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing in respect of a Product (i) a Reference Formula used to calculate a Reference Level (a "Base 
Reference Formula"), can also be used to determine a Reference Price or to calculate a Reference Performance and in that case 
its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the word Price or Performance (an "Alternative 
Reference Formula"), (ii) a Reference Formula used to calculate a Reference Performance (a "Base Reference Formula"), can also

--- Page 380 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
380 
be used to determine a Reference Price or to calculate a Reference Level and in that case its denomination in the applicable Final 
Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the word Price or Level (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case 
the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference 
Formula.  
 
Example: 
 
Section 4.11 contains the following Reference Formula: WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product 
W(i,k) and MaxTimeLevel(i,k) and is used to calculate a level of the Price of the Underlying. The same Reference Formula can also 
be used to determine a performance of the price of the Underlying and is then expressed in the applicable Final Terms as follows:  
 
WeightedMaxTimePerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product W(i,k) and MaxTimePerformance(i,k) 
 
2) Cap, Floor, Leverage, Shift 
 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae described in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below use a 
Cap and contains the word "Capped", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) 
of one or more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the lower between 
(i) the Cap and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference 
Rate.  
 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below uses a Floor 
and contains the word "Floored", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one 
more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the higher between (i) the Floor 
and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference Rate(s).  
 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below uses a Leverage 
and contains the word "Leverage", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of 
one more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the Product of the Leverage 
and the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference Rate(s). 
 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae described in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below use a 
Shift and contains the word "Shifted", this means that by applying such Reference Formula, the price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of 
one or more Underlying(s) or fixing(s) of the Reference Rate retained to calculate a Product Amount will be the sum of (i) the Shift 
and (ii) the actual relevant price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of such Underlying(s) or of the fixing(s) of the Reference Rate.  
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
 
a) In respect of a Product (i) a Reference Formula the denomination of which uses a Cap and contains the word "Capped" (a "Base 
Reference Formula"), can also be used with a Floor and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall 
embed a Floor and its denomination will contain the word "Floored" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") and (ii) a Reference 
Formula the denomination of which uses a Floor and contains the word "Floored" (a "Base Reference Formula"), can also be used 
with a Cap and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Cap and its denomination will 
contain the word "Capped" (an "Alternative Reference Formula"). In each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed 
to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula;  
 
Example: 
 
Section 4.1 contains the following Reference Formula: CappedLevel(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the Minimum between Level(i, Strike) 
and Cap(i). 
 
A Floor shall appear in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product as follows: FlooredLevel(i, Strike, Floor(i)) means the 
Maximum between Level(i, Strike) and Floor(i). 
 
b) A Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below which does not contain a Cap or a Floor or 
a Leverage or a Shift (a "Base Reference Formula"), can be used (i) with a Floor and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of 
the relevant Product, it shall embed a Floor and its denomination will contain the word "Floored" (an "Alternative Reference 
Formula") or (ii) with a Cap and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Cap and its 
denomination will contain the word "Capped" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") or (iii) with a Leverage and in that case in the 
applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed a Leverage and its denomination will contain the word "Leverage" (an 
"Alternative Reference Formula") or (iv) with a Shift and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall 
embed a Shift and its denomination will contain the word "Shifted" (an "Alternative Reference Formula"). In each case the Alternative 
Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula and the 
impact of the addition of a Cap or a Floor or a Leverage shall be as described in 2) above. 
 
Example: 
 
Section 4.3 contains the following Reference Formula:  
 
BasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k).

--- Page 381 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
381 
 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Cap and then reads as follows:  
 
CappedBasketLevel(i,Cap) means the Minimum of Cap and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to N, 
of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3 
  
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Floor and then reads as follows:  
 
FlooredBasketLevel(i,Floor) means the Maximum of Floor and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to 
N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3. 
 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Leverage and then reads as follows:  
 
LeverageBasketLevel(i,Leverage) means the Product of Leverage and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k 
from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3. 
 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Shift and then reads as follows: 
 
ShiftedBasketLevel(i,Shift) means the sum of Shift and BasketLevel(i), with BasketLevel meaning the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the 
Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k) as defined in Condition 4.3. 
 
This Reference Formula may also be used with a Floor and a Cap as follows:  
 
CappedFlooredBasketLevel(i, Cap, Floor) means the Minimum between (a) the Cap and (b) the Maximum between the Floor and 
the BasketLevel(i). 
 
3) Strike 
 
A Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below which does not contain a Strike (a "Base 
Reference Formula"), can be used with a Strike and in that case in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product, it shall embed 
a Strike and its denomination will contain the word "Strike" (an "Alternative Reference Formula"). In such case the Alternative 
Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Strike shall replace the standard S(0) or S(0,k). 
 
Example:  
 
BestLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k), as defined in Condition 4.5. with Level(i,k) meaning S(i,k) / S(0,k) 
as defined in Condition 4.1 
 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a Strike and then reads as follows:  
 
BestLevel(i, Strike(1),...,Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k,Strike(k)), as defined in Condition  4.5. with 
Level(i,k,Strike(k)) meaning S(i,k) / Strike(k)) as defined in Condition 4.1 
 
4) MaxTime, MinTime and other alternative features 
 
When the denomination of a Reference Formula in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections  4.1 to 4.29 below contains the 
expression  
 
- "MaxTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the running maximum (a) price, level or performance of one or more 
Underlyings or (b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time;  
 
- "MinTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the running minimum (a) price, level or performance of one or more 
Underlyings or (b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time; 
 
- "SumTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the sum of (a) prices, levels or performances of one or more Underlyings 
or (b) fixings of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time; 
 
- "AverageTime", such Reference Formula is used to determine the arithmetic average of (a) prices, levels or performances of one or 
more Underlyings or (b) the fixings of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate, over a period of time; 
 
- "Weighted", such Reference Formula is used to determine a weighted (a) price, level or performance of one or more Underlyings or 
(b) fixing of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
- "Ranked", such Reference Formula is used to determine a rank in (a) prices, levels or performances of one or more Underlyings or 
(b) fixings of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
- "Best", such Reference Formula is used to determine the best (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more Underlyings or 
(b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate;

--- Page 382 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
382 
- "Worst", such Reference Formula is used to determine the worst (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more Underlyings 
or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
- "Large", such Reference Formula is used to determine the largest (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more Underlyings 
or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
- "Small", such Reference Formula is used to determine the smallest (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of one or more Underlyings 
or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
- "Average", such Reference Formula is used to determine the average (a) price(s), level(s) or performance(s) of more than one 
Underlyings or (b) fixing(s) of a Reference Rate, or (c) fixing(s) of a foreign exchange rate; 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
 
(a) in respect of a Product, a Reference Formula the denomination of which uses either "MaxTime", "MinTime", "SumTime", 
"AverageTime", "Weighted", "Ranked", "Best", "Worst", "Large", "Small" or "Average" (each a "Feature") (a "Base Reference 
Formula"), can also be used with each other Feature and in that case its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant 
Product shall contain the relevant Feature (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case the Alternative 
Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. 
 
(b) Each "Feature" ("MaxTime", "MinTime", "SumTime", "AverageTime", "Weighted", "Ranked", "Best", "Worst", "Large", "Small" or 
"Average") can be added to any Reference Formula (a "Base Reference Formula") in a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 
4.1 to 4.29 below In that case its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the relevant Feature 
(an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of 
the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. 
 
Example: 
 
Section 4.9 contains the following Reference Formula:  
 
AverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
Such Reference Formula may also be used with a "MaxTime" and then reads as follows: 
 
MaxTimeAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of AverageTimeLevel(i), as defined in Condition 4.9 below. 
 
5) One / Several Underlyings 
 
Any Reference Formula of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below for Products that have more than one 
Underlying and expressed as "Performance(i,k)" or "Level(i,k)" (a "Base Reference Formula") can also be used for Products that 
have one Underlying only and be expressed as "Performance(i)" or "Level(i)" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in 
each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base 
Reference Formula. 
 
In addition any Reference Formula of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below for Products that have more than 
one Underlying can be used either on the whole basket of the N Underlyings or on a sub-basket of such whole basket. In this case, 
the prefix "Sub" will be added to the Reference Formula as described below. 
 
The prefix "Sub" can be added to any Reference Formula (a "Base Reference Formula") in a Family of Reference Formulae in 
sections 4.1 to 4.29 In that case its denomination in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the prefix "Sub" 
(an "Alternative Reference Formula") provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of 
the same Family of Reference Formulae as the Base Reference Formula. 
 
Example: 
 
AverageBasketLevel(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k). 
 
WorstPrice(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of Price(i,k). 
 
By introducing the notion of "Sub", it becomes:  
 
SubAverageBasketLevel(i, SubN1, SubN2) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from SubN1 to SubN2, of Level(i, k). 
 
SubWorstPrice(i, SubN1, SubN2) means the Minimum, for k from SubN1 to SubN2 of Price(i,k). 
 
6) Level, Performance of FX underlying 
 
When the denomination of a Reference Level or a Reference Performance (a "Base Reference Formula") in a Family of Reference 
Formulae in sections 4.1 to 4.29 below is applied to a foreign exchange rate underlying, the Level or Performance retained to calculate 
a Product Amount may be expressed in a standard version like in sections 4.0 to 4.29 below or, as the case may be, as follows:

--- Page 383 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
383 
 
FXLevel(i) means 1/ (S(i) / S(0)), which may also be written as (S(0) / S(i)) 
 
FXPerformance(i) means (1 / (S(i) / S(0))) -100%, which may also be written as (S(0) / S(i)) -100% or FXPerformance(i) means 100% 
- (S(i) / S(0)) 
 
FXLevel(i,k) means 1/(S(i,k) / S(0,k)), which may also be written as (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) 
 
FXPerformance(i,k) means ( 1 / (S(i,k) / S(0,k))) - 100%, which may also be written as (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) -100% or FXPerformance(i,k) 
means 100% - (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) 
 
In the case of a basket of underlyings: 
 
FXBasketPerformance(i) means 100% - BasketLevel(i) 
 
FXAverageBasketPerformance(i) means 100% - AverageBasketLevel(i). 
 
In that case the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Product shall contain the word "FX" (an "Alternative Reference Formula") 
provided that in each case the Alternative Reference Formula shall be deemed to be part of the same Family of Reference Formulae 
as the Base Reference Formula. 
 
Example: 
 
Section 4.5 contains the following Reference Formula: BestPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of 
Performance(i,k). The same Reference Formula may be applied to FX underlyings and is then expressed in the applicable Final 
Terms as follows:  
 
BestFXPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of FXPerformance(i,k), with FXPerformance(i,k) means 100% - (S(i,k)/ 
S(0,k)) 
 
Or: BestFXPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of FXPerformance(i,k), with FXPerformance(i,k) means (S(0,k)/ 
S(i,k)) -100% 
 
7) Valuation Date and Schedule: 
 
Depending on the cases, a ReferenceFormula may be linked to Valuation Dates, Relevant Valuation Dates (abbreviated as "RVD") 
or Schedules ({Schedule(i)}) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Schedule means (i) any Valuation Date(s) or Relevant 
Valuation Date(s) or any other Date(s) enumerated in the applicable Final Terms, (ii) or any Valuation Date(s) or Relevant Valuation 
Date(s) or any other date(s) included in a period defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
a) Case of a Valuation Date  
 
When a Valuation Date (abbreviated as "VD") belonging to a schedule defined in the section of the definitions related to dates is 
necessary, it has to be associated to a ReferenceFormula as follows: 
 
ReferenceFormula(i) may also be written ReferenceFormula(VD(i)): 
 
- ReferenceFormula(VD(i)) refers to the considered Valuation Date(i)  
 
Illustration 1: 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
By introducing the notion of Quarterly Valuation Date (abbreviated as "QVD"), it becomes:  
 
MaxTimeLevel(QVD(t)) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t ,of Level(QVD(i)). 
 
Illustration 2: 
 
MinTimeLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k). 
 
By introducing the notion of Daily Valuation Date (abbreviated as "DVD"): 
 
MinTimeLevel(DVD(i)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(DVD(i),k) 
 
b) Case of a Schedule  
 
When a Schedule is necessary, it has to be associated to a ReferenceFormula as follows: 
 
The Schedule may be indexed over time so as to switch from ReferenceFormula(i) to ReferenceFormula({Schedule(i)}):

--- Page 384 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
384 
 
- ReferenceFormula({Schedule(i)}) refers to any Dates belonging to the considered Schedule(i). 
 
Illustration 1: 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
By introducing the notion of Schedule, it becomes:  
 
MaxTimeLevel({Schedule(i)}) means the Maximum, for any t belonging to Schedule(i), of Level(t). 
 
Illustration 2: 
 
AverageTimePerformance(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for t from 1 to i, of Performance(t). 
Becomes: 
 
AverageTimePerformance({Schedule(i)}) means the Arithmetic Average, for any t belonging to the Schedule(i), of Performance(t). 
 
8) FXRate 
 
Any Reference Formulae of a Family of Reference Formulae in sections 4.0 to 4.27 below may be modified by dividing and/or 
multiplying with the FXRate as follows: 
 
Reference Formulae [ x FXRate(t1) ] [ / FXRate(t2) ] 
 
4.0 Definition of S, SI and FXRate 
 
S(i) or S(i,k) means the Reference Price in respect of any Valuation Date(i): 
 
- If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Share, an Index, a SGI Index, a Depositary Receipt, an ETF, a Non Equity Security, 
a Commodity Index, a Fund, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an Inflation Index, an ETP or a Future, the Exchange Reference Price as 
defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant Underlying(s); and/or 
 
- If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Commodity, the relevant Commodity Reference Price as defined in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants; and/or 
 
- If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a Reference Rate, the Reference Rate Fixing as defined in the relevant Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants;  and/or 
 
- If the Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) is a CDS Spread, the CDS Spread as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Credit Linked Warrants; and/or 
 
- If the Underlying (respectively Underlying (k)) is a Portfolio, the Portfolio Level as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Portfolio Linked Warrants; and/or. 
 
- If the Underlying (respectively Underlying (k)) is a Dividend, the Dividend Amount as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions 
for Dividend Linked Warrants. 
 
Exchange Reference Price means, in respect of any date (i) and any Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) which is a Share, an 
Index, a SGI Index, a Depositary Receipt (DR), an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), an Exchange Traded Product (ETP), a Commodity 
Index, a Fund, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an Inflation Index, a Non-Equity Security or a Future, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
a) If option "Closing Price" is applicable, the Closing Price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) as defined in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying(s) as of such date (i) (as if such day (i) were a Valuation Date for the purpose of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)));  
 
b) If option "TWAP" is applicable, the time weighted average price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) on such day (i), 
calculated between the TWAPStartTime (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) and the TWAPEndTime (as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
c) If option "VWAP" is applicable, the volume weighted average price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) on such day (i), 
calculated between the VWAPStartTime (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) and the VWAPEndTime (as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
d) If option "Best Effort" is applicable, any of the above options, provided that the Exchange Reference Price will correspond to the 
Exchange Reference Price that would be actually obtained by Societe Generale (or any of its affiliates) if it were to hedge such 
Exchange Reference Price on the relevant underlying exchanges, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
 
e) If option "Bid-Ask Spread" is applicable, then:

--- Page 385 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
385 
 
a.    if the relevant Exchange Reference Price is determined by reference to purchase order because of an increased exposure of the 
Warrant to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)), the resulting Exchange Reference Price shall be further adjusted and 
multiplied by (1 + SpreadMidAsk) (SpreadMidAsk being defined in the applicable Final Terms); and 
 
b.   if the relevant Exchange Reference Price is determined by reference to sell order because of a decreased exposure of the Warrant 
to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)), the resulting Exchange Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by 
(1 - SpreadBidMid) (SpreadBidMid being defined in the applicable Final Terms); 
 
f) If option "Opening Price" is applicable, the Opening Price of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) as defined in the relevant 
Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying(s) as of such date (i) (as if such day (i) were a Valuation Date for the purpose of 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k))); 
 
g) If option "Fixing Price" is applicable, the [price][level][Intraday Price] of such Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) [as defined in 
the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the Underlying(s)] as of such date (i) and as of the ReferenceFixingTime (as if such 
day (i) were a Valuation Date for the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to such Underlying (respectively 
Underlying(k))). 
 
j) Provided that, (1) if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, any of one of the above options may be applied in a different manner 
in respect of different Valuation Dates as of which such Exchange Reference Price is determined by the Calculation Agent and (2) if 
no Option is explicitly provided in the applicable Final Terms, the option "Closing Price" shall be deemed to have been specified as 
being applicable. 
 
SI(i) or SI(i,k) means in respect of any Valuation Date(i) and for an Underlying (respectively an Underlying(k)) which is a Share, an 
Index, a Depositary Receipt, a Dividend, a Foreign Exchange Rate, an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF), a Commodity, an ETP, a Non 
Equity Security or a Future, the Intraday Price as defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for the relevant 
Underlying(s).  
 
FXRate or FXRate(i) or FXRate(i, X, Y, Price Source, Substitute Price Source, Valuation Time) means in respect of any Valuation 
Date(i), the fixing of the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
based on the Price Source (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked 
Warrants) as of the Valuation Time (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange 
Rate Linked Warrants) provided that if no Valuation Time is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Valuation Time is deemed to be 
the cut-off time commonly used by market participants for this Price Source. If (a) the Price Source (or any page that may be 
substituted for it) is not available or (b) the fixing of the foreign exchange rate is not available on the Price Source at the Valuation 
Time, the fixing shall be the foreign exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) as ascertained by the Calculation Agent 
based on the Substitute Price Source (as such term is defined in the relevant Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange 
Rate Linked Warrants) at the Valuation Time, failing which if, on the Valuation Date(i) at the Valuation Time, (a) there is no Substitute 
Price Source defined in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the Substitute Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not 
available or (c) the fixing of such foreign exchange rate is not available on the Substitute Price Source at the Valuation Time, then the 
fixing for the foreign exchange rate will be determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and commercially reasonable 
manner. For the avoidance of doubt, FXRate or FXRate(i) or FXRate(i, X, Y, Price Source, Substitute Price Source, Valuation Time) 
will not be used to determine the Closing Price of an Underlying that is a Foreign Exchange Rate.  
 
Variable Data: 
 
ReferenceFixingTime; SpreadMidAsk; SpreadBidMid; TWAPStartTime; TWAPEndTime; VWAPStartTime; VWAPEndTime 
 
These Variable Data are defined under Condition 5.4 herein. 
 
4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Price, the Level or the Performance of an Underlying. 
 
For Warrants indexed on one Underlying:  
 
Price(i) means S(i) for Underlyings other than Reference Rate. 
 
Performance(i) means (S(i) / S(0)) 100%. 
 
ReversePerformance(i) means 100% – (S(0) / S(i)) 
 
Level(i) means (S(i) / S(0)). 
 
ReverseLevel(i) means (S(0) / S(i)) 
 
Performance(i, Strike) means (S(i) / Strike) 100%. 
 
LeveragePerformance(i, Leverage) means (S(i) / S(0) 100%) x Leverage.

--- Page 386 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
386 
 
LeveragePerformance(i, Leverage(i)) means (S(i) / S(0) 100%) x Leverage(i). 
 
Level(i, Strike) means (S(i) / Strike). 
 
LeverageLevel(i, Leverage) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Leverage. 
 
LeverageLevel(i, Leverage(i)) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Leverage(i). 
 
DecrementLevel(i, Decrement) means (S(i) / S(0)) x Exp( – Decrement x Act(0, i) / TimeBasis) 
 
IncrementLevel(i, k, Div) means IncrementLevel(0,k, Div) x (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – Div) ^ (Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) 
 
Where IncrementLevel(0, Div) = Constant_InitialLevel 
 
IncrementPerformance(i, Div) means IncrementPerformance(0, Div) x (S(i) / S(0)) x (1 – Div) ^ (Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) – 100% 
 
Where IncrementPerformance(0, Div) = Constant_InitialPerformance 
 
IrrLevel(i) means (S(i) / S(0)) / i 
 
IrrLevel(i, [p][Mat]) means POW(S(i)/S(0) ; 1 / [p][Mat]). 
 
CappedLevel(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the Minimum between Level(i, Strike) and Cap(i). 
 
FlooredPerformance(i, Strike, Floor(i)) means the Maximum between Performance(i, Strike) and Floor(i). 
 
IrrPerformance(i) means (S(i) / S(0) – 100%) / i 
 
IrrPerformance(i, [p][Mat]) means POW(S(i)/S(0) ; 1 / [p][Mat]) – 100%. 
 
CappedPerformance(i, Strike, Cap(i)) means the Minimum between Performance(i, Strike) and Cap(i). 
 
FlooredLevel(i, Strike, Floor(i)) means the Maximum between Level(i, Strike) and Floor(i). 
 
DivYield(i) means POW((S(i) / S(0)) x (1 – Div) ; RVD(i)) 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying: 
 
Price(i,k) means S(i,k) for Underlyings other than Reference Rate. 
 
Performance(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) 100%. 
 
ReversePerformance(i,k) means 100% – (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) 
 
Level(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)). 
 
ReverseLevel(i,k) means (S(0,k) / S(i,k)) 
 
Performance(i, k, Strike(k)) means (S(i,k) / Strike(k)) 100%. 
 
LeveragePerformance(i, k, Leverage) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) 100%) x Leverage. 
 
LeveragePerformance(i, k, Leverage(i)) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) 100%) x Leverage(i). 
 
Level(i, k, Strike(k)) means (S(i,k) / Strike(k)). 
 
LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x Leverage. 
 
LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(i)) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x Leverage(i). 
 
DecrementLevel(i, k, Decrement) means (S(i, k) / S(0, k)) x Exp( – Decrement x Act(0, i) / TimeBasis) 
 
IncrementLevel(i, k, Div) means IncrementLevel(0, k, Div) x (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – Div) ^ (Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) 
 
IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div) means IncrementPerformance(0, k, Div) x (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – Div) ^ (Act(0,i) / TimeBasis) – 
100% 
Where IncrementPerformance(0, k, Div) = Constant_InitialPerformance 
 
IrrLevel(i, k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k)) / i

--- Page 387 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
387 
 
IrrLevel(i, k, [p] [Mat]) means POW(S(i,k) / S(0,k) ; 1 / [p] [Mat]). 
 
IrrPerformance(i, k) means (S(i,k) / S(0,k) – 100%) / i 
 
IrrPerformance(i, k, [p][Mat]) means POW(S(i,k) / S(0,k) ; 1 / [p][Mat]) – 100%. 
 
FlooredLevel(i, k, Strike(k), Floor(i,k)) means the Maximum between Level(i,k,Strike(k)) and Floor(i,k). 
 
CappedLevel(i, k, Strike(k), Cap(i,k)) means the Minimum between Level(i,k,Strike(k)) and Cap(i,k). 
 
FlooredPerformance(i, k, Strike(k), Floor(i,k)) means the Maximum between Performance(i,k,Strike(k)) and Floor(i,k). 
 
CappedPerformance(i, k, Strike(k), Cap(i,k)) means the Minimum between Performance(i, k, Strike(k)) and Cap(i,k). 
 
DivYield(i,k) means POW((S(i,k) / S(0,k)) x (1 – Div) ; RVD(i,k)) 
For the Family of Barrier Products where a leverage is defined for the Final Settlement Price formulae, a specific LeveragePercentage 
will be defined in the applicable Final Terms and the Strike (or Barrier) will be defined as follows: 
If the Warrants are indexed on one Underlying: Strike (or Barrier) = LeveragePercentage x S(i). 
If the Warrants are indexed on more than one Underlying: Strike (or Barrier)= LeveragePercentage x S(i,k). 
 
4.2 Family of « RankedLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) used only for 
Products having several Underlyings sort Underlyings based on their respective Levels in respect of a Valuation Date. 
 
RankedLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Level of the Underlying having the k-th ranking within a Basket made of 
N Underlyings (sorted from the smallest to the largest Levels). For the avoidance of doubt, RankedLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to N) 
Level(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) Level(i,s). 
 
WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of RW(i,k) and RankedLevel(i,k).  
 
MaxTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., 
RW(i,N)).  
 
MinTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., 
RW(i,N)). 
 
SumTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, RW(i,1), ..., 
RW(i,N)). 
 
AverageTimeRankedLevel(t1, t2, RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of WeightedRankedLevel(i, 
RW(i,1), ..., RW(i,N)). 
 
4.3 Family of « BasketLevel »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine a 
Basket Level and the maximum or minimum Basket Level or the sum or running average of Basket Levels over a period of time. 
 
BasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Level(i,k). 
 
SumBasketLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k). 
 
AverageBasketLevel(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k). 
 
MaxTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeAverageBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of AverageBasketLevel(i). 
 
MaxTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i).

--- Page 388 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
388 
 
AverageTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeAverageBasketLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of AverageBasketLevel(i). 
 
4.4 Family of « BasketPerformance »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine a 
Basket Performance and the maximum or minimum Basket Performance or the sum or arithmetic average Performances of the Basket 
over a period of time. 
 
BasketPerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Performance(i,k). 
 
SumBasketPerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k) 
 
BasketRestrikePerformance(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and RestrikePerformance(i,k). 
 
AverageBasketPerformance(i) 
means 
the 
Arithmetic 
Average, 
for 
k 
from 
1 
to 
N, 
of 
Performance(i, 
k).MaxTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
AverageBasketIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of IncrementPerformance(i, k, 
Div). 
 
BasketIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and IncrementPerformance(i, k, 
Div). 
 
MinTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
SumTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
AverageTimeBasketPerformance(t1, t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
AverageTimeAverageBasketPerformance(t1, 
t2) 
means 
the 
Arithmetic 
Average, 
for 
i 
from 
t1 
to 
t2, 
of 
AverageBasketPerformance(i). 
 
MaxTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
MinTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
SumTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
AverageTimeBasketPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BasketPerformance(i). 
 
AverageTimeAverageBasketPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of AverageBasketPerformance(i). 
 
4.5 Family of « BestLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine, in 
respect of Products having several Underlyings, the Underlying, among several Underlyings, with the best Level (or the best 
Performance) in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time. 
 
BestPrice(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Price(i,k). 
 
BestPerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k). 
 
BestLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, BestLevel(i) is equal to 
RankedLevel(i,N). 
 
BestPerformance(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i, k, Strike(k)). 
 
BestLevel(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k, Strike(k)). 
LeverageBestPerformance(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of LeveragePerformance(i, k, 
Leverage(k)). 
 
LeverageBestLevel(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(k)). 
 
BestIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div). 
 
MaxTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i). 
 
MinTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i).

--- Page 389 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
389 
 
SumTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i). 
 
AverageTimeBestPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BestPerformance(i). 
 
MaxTimeBestLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeBestLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeBestLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeBestLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of BestLevel(i). 
 
4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Underlying with the worst Level (or the worst Performance) in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time (or the worst Level 
or the worst Performance of the Underlying in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time). 
 
WorstPrice(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of Price(i,k). 
 
WorstPerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i,k).  
 
WorstLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N of, Level(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, WorstLevel(i) is equal to 
RankedLevel(i,1). 
 
WorstPerformance(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Performance(i, k, Strike(k)). 
 
WorstLevel(i, Strike(1), ..., Strike(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Level(i, k, Strike(k)). 
 
LeverageWorstPerformance(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of LeveragePerformance(i, k, 
Leverage(k)). 
 
LeverageWorstLevel(i, Leverage(1), ..., Leverage(N)) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of LeverageLevel(i, k, Leverage(k)). 
 
WorstIncrementPerformance(i, Div) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IncrementPerformance(i, k, Div). 
 
MaxTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
 
MinTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
 
SumTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
 
AverageTimeWorstPerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WorstPerformance(i). 
 
MaxTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeWorstLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WorstLevel(i). 
 
4.7 Family of « LargeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Underlying(s) with the highest Level(s) or Performance(s) in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time (or the highest Level 
or Performance of the Underlying in respect of a Valuation Date or over a period of time). 
 
LargeLevel(i,m) means the Sum, for k from N-m+1 to N, of RankedLevel(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, LargeLevel(i,1) = 
RankedLevel(i,N) = BestLevel(i). 
 
AveragingLargeLevel(i,m) means the Ratio of LargeLevel(i,m) and m. 
 
AverageLargeLevel(i,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from N-m+1 to N, of LargeLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m). 
 
MinTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m).

--- Page 390 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
390 
SumTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m). 
 
AverageTimeLargeLevel(t,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of LargeLevel(i,m). 
 
4.8 Family of « SmallLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine, in 
respect of Products having several Underlyings, the Underlying(s) with the smallest Level(s) (or Performance(s)) in respect of a 
Valuation Date or over a period of time. 
 
SmallLevel(i,m) means the Sum, for k from 1 to m, of RankedLevel(i,k). For the avoidance of doubt, SmallLevel(i,1) = 
RankedLevel(i,1) = WorstLevel(i). 
 
AveragingSmallLevel(i,m) means the Ratio of SmallLevel(i,m) and m.  
 
AverageSmallLevel(i,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to m, of SmallLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
 
MinTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
 
SumTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
 
AverageTimeSmallLevel(t,m) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of SmallLevel(i,m). 
 
4.9 Family of « TimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
maximum or minimum Price, Level or Performance of an Underlying, the running sum or average of the Price, Level or Performance 
of an Underlying over a period of time. 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
MinTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
SumTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
AverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i). 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
 
MinTimeLevel(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
 
SumTimeLevel(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
 
AverageTimeLevel(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Level(i,k). 
 
FlooredMinTimeLevel(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Maximum between MinTimeLevel(i,k) and Floor(k). 
 
CappedMaxTimeLevel(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Minimum between MaxTimeLevel(i,k) and Cap(k). 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
 
MinTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
 
SumTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
 
AverageTimeLevel(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i). 
 
MaxTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
 
MinTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
 
SumTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
 
AverageTimeLevel(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Level(i,k). 
 
MaxTimePerformance(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i). 
 
MinTimePerformance(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i).

--- Page 391 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
391 
 
SumTimePerformance(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i). 
 
AverageTimePerformance(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i). 
 
MaxTimePerformance(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
 
MinTimePerformance(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
 
SumTimePerformance(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
 
AverageTimePerformance(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Performance(i,k). 
 
FlooredMinTimePerformance(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Maximum between MinTimePerformance(i,k) and Floor(k). 
 
CappedMaxTimePerformance(t,k) means, for i from 1 to t, the Minimum between MaxTimePerformance(i,k) and Cap(k). 
 
MaxTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i). 
 
MinTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i). 
 
SumTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i). 
 
AverageTimePerformance(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i). 
 
MaxTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
 
MinTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
 
SumTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
 
AverageTimePerformance(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Performance(i,k). 
 
MaxTimePrice(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
 
MinTimePrice(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
 
SumTimePrice(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
 
AverageTimePrice(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i). 
 
MaxTimePrice(t,k) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
 
MinTimePrice(t,k) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
 
SumTimePrice(t,k) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
 
AverageTimePrice(t,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of Price(i,k). 
 
MaxTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
 
MinTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
 
SumTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
 
AverageTimePrice(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i). 
 
MaxTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
MinTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
 
SumTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
 
AverageTimePrice(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Price(i,k). 
 
4.10 Family of « RankedTime » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) sort, in respect 
of Products having several Underlyings, Underlyings based on their respective MaxTimeLevels, MinTimeLevels, SumTimeLevels or 
AverageTimeLevels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time Level") in respect of 
a Valuation Date or over a period of time.

--- Page 392 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
392 
 
RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respective MaxTimeLevel 
from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to N) 
MaxTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) MaxTimeLevel(i,s). 
 
RankedMinTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respective MinTimeLevel 
from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedMinTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to N) 
MinTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedMinTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) MinTimeLevel(i,s). 
 
RankedSumTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respective 
SumTimeLevel from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedSumTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s from 1 to 
N) SumTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedSumTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) SumTimeLevel(i,s). 
 
RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the ranking of Underlyings based on their respective 
AverageTimeLevel from the smallest value to the largest value. For the avoidance of doubt, RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,1) = Min(s 
from 1 to N) AverageTimeLevel(i,s) ≤ ... ≤ RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,N) = Max(s from 1 to N) AverageTimeLevel(i,s). 
 
4.11 Family of « WeightedMaxTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
maximum or minimum value or the sum or average (over a period of time) of the weighted sum of the MaxTimeLevels. 
 
WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product W(i,k) and MaxTimeLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeWeightedMaxTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMaxTimeLevel(i). 
 
4.12 Family of « WeightedMinTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
maximum or minimum value or the sum or average (over a period of time) of the weighted sum of the MinTimeLevels. 
 
WeightedMinTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and MinTimeLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeWeightedMinTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedMinTimeLevel(i). 
 
4.13 Family of « WeightedSumTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
weighted sum of the SumTimeLevels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time 
Level") and the maximum or minimum value, the sum or the weighted average of such SumTime Levels. 
 
WeightedSumTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and SumTimeLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeWeightedSumTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedSumTimeLevel(i). 
 
4.14 Family of « WeightedAverageTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
weighted sum of the AverageTimeLevels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the Family of Reference Formulae "Time 
Level") and the maximum or minimum value, the sum or the weighted average of such AverageTimeLevels. 
 
WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and AverageTimeLevel(i,k).

--- Page 393 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
393 
 
MaxTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
 
MinTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
 
SumTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
 
AverageTimeWeightedAverageTimeLevel(t) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of WeightedAverageTimeLevel(i). 
 
4.15 Family of « WorstTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
amongst the Underlyings comprising the Basket the worst RankedTime Levels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the 
Family of Reference Formulae "RankedTime Levels"). 
 
WorstMaxTimeLevel(i) means RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,1). 
 
WorstMinTimeLevel(i) means RankedMinTimeLevel(i,1). 
 
WorstSumTimeLevel(i) means RankedSumTimeLevel(i,1). 
 
WorstAverageTimeLevel(i) means RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,1). 
 
4.16 Family of « BestTimeLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
amongst the Underlyings comprising the Basket the best RankedTime Levels (determined by applying a Reference Formula of the 
Family of Reference Formulae "RankedTime Levels"). 
 
BestMaxTimeLevel(i) means RankedMaxTimeLevel(i,N). 
 
BestMinTimeLevel(i) means RankedMinTimeLevel(i,N). 
 
BestSumTimeLevel(i) means RankedSumTimeLevel(i,N). 
 
BestAverageTimeLevel(i) means RankedAverageTimeLevel(i,N). 
 
4.17 Family of « RestrikePerformance » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
Performances and Levels between two consecutive Valuation Dates. 
 
RestrikeLevel(i) means (S(i) / S(i-1)). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, Floor(i), Cap(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)))). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, Cap(i)) means Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1))). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, Floor(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1))) 
 
NegativeRestrikeLevel(i) means RestrikeLevel(i, 1). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, k, Floor(i,k), Cap(i,k)) means Max(Floor(i,k) ; Min(Cap(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)))). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, k, Cap(i,k)) means Min(Cap(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k))). 
 
RestrikeLevel(i, k, Floor(i,k)) means Max(Floor(i,k) ; (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k))) 
 
BasketRestrikeLevel(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and RestrikeLevel(i,k). 
 
MaxTimeRestrikeLevel(i, Lag) means the Maximum for t from Max(1 ; i-Lag+1) to i, of RestrikeLevel(t). 
 
MaxTimeBasketRestrikeLevel(i, Lag) means the Maximum for t from Max(1 ; i-Lag+1) to i, of BasketRestrikeLevel(t). 
 
RestrikePerformance(i) means (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%. 
 
RestrikePerformance(i,k) means (S(i,k) / S(i-1,k)) -100%.

--- Page 394 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
394 
RestrikePerformance(i, Floor(i), Cap(i)) means Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%)). 
 
RestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means Max(Floor ; Min(Cap ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%)). 
 
RestrikePerformance(i, Cap(i)) means Min(Cap(i) ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%). 
 
RestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means Min(Cap ; (S(i) / S(i-1)) -100%). 
 
NegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means RestrikePerformance(i, 0). 
 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i of RestrikePerformance(t). 
 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i of RestrikePerformance(t, 
Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap). 
 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap). 
 
SumTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of NegativeRestrikePerformance(t). 
 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t) and 
(b) 100%.  
 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t 
from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)) and (b) 100%.  
 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)) and (b) 100%. 
 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap) and (b) 100%.  
 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, 
Cap) and (b) 100%. 
 
ProductTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of the 
NegativeRestrikePerformance(t) and (b) 100%. 
 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t). 
 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap). 
 
MinTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of RestrikePerformance(t, Cap). 
 
MinTimeNegativeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for t from 1 to i, of NegativeRestrikePerformance(t). 
 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t). 
 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, 
Cap(1), 
..., 
Cap(i)) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
t 
from 
1 
to 
i, 
of 
SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, 
Floor, Cap). 
 
MaxTimeSumTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of SumTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap). 
 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t).

--- Page 395 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
395 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Floor(1), ... Floor(i), Cap(1), ..., Cap(i)) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor(t), Cap(t)). 
 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, 
Cap(1), ..., 
Cap(i)) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for t 
from 
1 
to 
i, 
of 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Cap(t)). 
 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, 
Floor, 
Cap) 
means 
the 
Maximum, 
for 
t 
from 
1 
to 
i, 
of 
ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, Floor, Cap). 
 
MaxTimeProductTimeRestrikePerformance(i, Cap) means the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of ProductTimeRestrikePerformance(t, 
Cap). 
 
RestrikeSmoothieLevel(i, Downside, Upside) means 100% + Upside x Max(0 ; S(i) / S(i-1) - 100%) - Downside x Min(0 ; S(i) / S(i-
1) - 100%). 
 
SmoothiePerformance(i, Downside, Upside) means the Difference between (a) the Product, for t from 1 to i, of 
RestrikeSmoothieLevel(t, Downside, Upside) and (b) 100%. 
 
4.18 Family of « ModifiedPerformance » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) set a maximum 
value ("Cap"), a minimum value ("Floor") for a Level or a Performance or a participation factor applied to a Performance or to the 
difference between a Level or a Performance and a Threshold. 
 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
- If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k)) 
 
- If Performance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Max(Floor(i) ; Downside(i) x Performance(i,k)). 
 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) means: 
 
- If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(UpFloor(i) ; 
Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k))) 
 
- If Performance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
 
ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(DownFloor(i) 
; Min(DownCap(i) ; Downside(i) x Performance(i,k))). 
 
ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)) means: 
 
- If ReferenceFormula(i-1) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Threshold(i-1), then: 
ModifiedTarget(i, 
Target(i), 
Threshold(i-1), 
ReferenceFormula(i-1)) 
= 
ModifiedTarget(i-1, 
Target(i-1), 
Threshold(i-2), 
ReferenceFormula(i-2)) + Target(i) 
 
- If ReferenceFormula(i-1) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Threshold(i-1), then: 
 
ModifiedTarget(i, 
Target(i), 
Threshold(i-1), 
ReferenceFormula(i-1)) 
= 
ModifiedTarget(i-1, 
Target(i-1), 
Threshold(i-2), 
ReferenceFormula(i-2)) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if i from t1 to t2, ModifiedTarget(t1, Target(t1), Threshold(t1-1), ReferenceFormula(t1-1)) means the initial 
value of ModifiedTarget(i, Target(i), Threshold(i-1), ReferenceFormula(i-1)) as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) 
means: 
 
- If RestrikePerformance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = 
Max(UpFloor(i) ; Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x RestrikePerformance(i,k))) 
 
- If RestrikePerformance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
 
ModifiedRestrikePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = 
Max(DownFloor(i) ; Min(DownCap(i) ; Downside(i) x RestrikePerformance(i,k))).

--- Page 396 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
396 
 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
- If Level(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i))) 
 
- If Level(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then:,  
 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Max(Floor(i) ; Downside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i))). 
 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) means: 
 
- If Level(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(UpFloor(i) ; 
Min(UpCap(i) ; Upside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i)))) 
 
- If Level(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
 
ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) = Max(DownFloor(i) ; 
Min(DownCap(i) ; Downside(i) x (Level(i,k) – Threshold(i)))). 
 
AverageModifiedPerformance(i, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 
1 to N, of ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
AverageModifiedPerformance(i, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)) means 
the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of ModifiedPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), UpCap(i), UpFloor(i), 
DownCap(i), DownFloor(i)). 
 
CappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Cap(i,k)) means the Minimum between Performance(i,k) and Cap(i,k). 
 
FlooredModifiedPerformance(i, k, Floor(i,k)) means the Maximum between Performance(i,k) and Floor(i,k). 
 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
- If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] 0%, then: 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x Performance(i,k)) 
 
- If Performance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] 0%, then: 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) = Max(Floor(i); Downside(i) x Performance(i,k)). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Cap(i)) is equal to ModifiedPerformance(i, k, 0%, 
Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
- If Performance(i,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor (i)) means Cap(i) 
 
- If Performance(i,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(i), then: 
ModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Maximum between Floor(i) and Performance(i,k). 
 
AverageCappedModifiedPerformance(i, Cap(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of CappedModifiedPerformance(i, 
k, Cap(i)). 
 
LeveragedAverageCappedModifiedPerformance(i, Upside(i), Cap(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of 
LeveragedCappedModifiedPerformance(i, k, Upside(i), Cap(i)). 
 
AverageModifiedJadePerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Modified 
Jade Performance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, k, Payout(i), Upside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i), ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means:  
 
- If a[n] [European] [American] Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, then:  
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, k, Payout(i), Upside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i), ReferenceFormula(i,k)) = Max(Floor(i) ; Min(Cap(i) ; Upside(i) x 
ReferenceFormula(i,k)))  
 
- If a[n] [European] [American] Knock-In Event(i) is deemed to have [not] occurred, then:  
ModifiedEventPerformance(i, k, Payout(i), Upside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i), ReferenceFormula(i,k)) = Payout(i)

--- Page 397 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
397 
 
4.19 Family of « FreezeModifiedPerformance » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) freeze the 
Performances of Underlyings within a Basket, subject to the actual Performance of the Underlyings being above a threshold, before 
ejecting them from the Basket. 
 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means: 
 
- If for every t between 1 and i, Performance(t,k) is lower than [or equal to] Threshold(t), then: 
 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Maximum between Floor(i) and Performance(i,k) 
 
- If for at least one t between 1 and i, Performance(t,k) is higher than [or equal to] Threshold(t), then: 
 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor (i)) means Cap(i) 
 
AverageFreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
FreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and 
AverageFreezeModifiedJadePerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) can be renamed, respectively, 
MemoryKnockOutPerformance(i, k, Threshold(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and AverageMemoryKnockOutPerformance(i, Threshold(i), Cap(i), 
Floor(i)), if relevant and appropriate. 
 
4.20 Family of « Himalaya & Emerald ReferenceLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
overtime the locked-in levels of Underlying(s) having the best performance among the remaining Underlyings comprising the Basket.  
 
"M" means the number of Underlyings ejected from the Basket in respect of a Valuation Date. 
 
EjectBasket(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), EjectBasket(i-1,M) from which is ejected, for k from 1 to M, the 
BestPerformers(i,k). EjectBasket(0,M) means the initial basket of Underlyings as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
WorstEjectBasket(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M) from which is ejected, for k from 1 to M, the 
WorstPerformers(i,k). WorstEjectBasket(0,M) means the initial basket of Underlyings as defined in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
BestPerformers(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the M Underlying(s) having the best Performance(s) among the 
Underlyings comprising the EjectBasket(i-1,M).  
 
WorstPerformers(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the M Underlying(s) having the worst Performance(s) among the 
Underlyings comprising the WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M).  
 
BestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), LargeLevel(i,M) for the Underlyings comprising EjectBasket(i-1,M). 
 
WorstPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), SmallLevel(i,M) for the Underlyings comprising 
WorstEjectBasket(i-1,M). 
 
FreePerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), LargeLevel(i,N-Mxi) for the Underlyings comprising 
EjectBasket(i,M). 
 
SumTimeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Sum for t from 1 to i of BestPerformersLevel(t,M).  
 
AverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Ratio between (a) the Sum of 
SumTimeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) 
and 
FreePerformersLevel(i,M) 
and 
(b) 
N. 
For 
the 
avoidance 
of 
doubt, 
AverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) may also be named HimalayaLevel(i,M).  
 
MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of 
HimalayaLevel(t,M). For the avoidance of doubt, MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersLevel(i,M) may also be named 
EmeraldLevel(i,M).  
 
BestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), 
the Sum for k from 1 to M of ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) of BestPerformers(i,M). 
 
FreePerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), 
the Sum for k from 1 to N-Mxi of ModifiedLevel(i, k, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) of the Underlyings comprising 
EjectBasket(i,M).

--- Page 398 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
398 
SumTimeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of 
Valuation Date(i), the Sum for t from 1 to i of BestPerformersModifiedLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
AverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in respect of 
Valuation Date(i), the Ratio between (a) the Sum of SumTimeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), 
Cap(i), Floor(i)) and FreePerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) and (b) N. For the 
avoidance of doubt, AverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) may also 
be named ModifiedHimalayaLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)). 
 
MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) means in 
respect of Valuation Date(i), the Maximum, for t from 1 to i, of ModifiedHimalayaLevel(t, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), 
Cap(i), Floor(i)). For the avoidance of doubt, MaximumAverageFreeBestPerformersModifiedLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), 
Downside(i), Cap(i), Floor(i)) may also be named ModifiedEmeraldLevel(i, M, Threshold(i), Upside(i), Downside(i), Cap(i), 
Floor(i)). 
 
4.21 Family of « RangeAccrual »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
ratio between (i) the number of Valuation Dates for which a certain Level, Price or Performance is in or out predefined boundaries 
and (ii) the total number of Valuation Dates.  
 
4.21.1 RangeAccrual: 
 
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerBound)] 
or  
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, UpperBound(i)], ReferenceFormula_UpperBound)]  
or  
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound(i), 
UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound)]  
or [RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i) means in respect of Schedule(i), the Ratio [n(i) / N(i)] [n(i)- m / 
N(i)-m], 
or  
[RangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), Range Knock-In Event(i)]  
 
means in respect of Schedule(i), the Ratio [n(i) / N(i)] [n(i)- m / N(i)-m], 
 
Where: 
 
n(i) means the number of date(s)(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i) for which: 
 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i)]  
or  
[ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)]  
or  
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is lower than 
[or equal to] UpperBound(i)]  
or  
[ReferenceFormula_ LowerandUpperBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) and is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)]  
or  
[a Range Knock-In Event(i) has [not] occurred]. 
 
And: 
 
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i). 
 
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound 
and 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound is/are (but without limitation): 
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above) 
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » above) BestLevel, 
BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » above) Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined 
in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » below) 
 
4.21.2 DualRangeAccrual: 
 
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound_1(i), 
LowerBound_2(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2,]  
or  
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
UpperBound_1(i), 
UpperBound2(i), 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2)]  
or

--- Page 399 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
399 
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound_1(i), 
LowerBound_2(i), 
UpperBound_1(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2, ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1)]  
or  
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound_1(i), UpperBound_1(i), UpperBound2(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2)]  
or 
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound_1(i), 
LowerBound_2(i), 
UpperBound_1(i), 
UpperBound2(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2)]  
 
[DualRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound_1(i), 
LowerBound2(i), 
UpperBound_1(i), 
UpperBound_2(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_1, ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_2)]  
 
means in respect of Schedule(i), the Ratio [n(i) / N(i)] [n(i)- m / N(i)-m],  
 
Where: 
 
n(i) means the number of date(s)(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i) for which  
 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i)  [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2(t) 
is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_2(i)]  
or 
[ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_1(i)  [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2(t) is 
lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_2(i)] 
or 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i) and ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2(t) is 
higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_2(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_1(i)]  
or  
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1(t) is lower 
than [or equal to] UpperBound_1(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_2(i)] 
or  
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i) and ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2(t) is 
higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_2(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_1(i) and 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound_2(i)] 
or  
[ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound1(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_1(i) and is lower than [or equal to] 
UpperBound1(i) [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_2(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound_2(i) and is lower 
than [or equal to] UpperBound2(i)] 
 
And: 
 
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i). 
 
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound_2, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_1, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound_2, 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_1 
and 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound_2 is/are (but without limitation): 
 
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above) 
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » above) 
BestLevel, BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » above) 
Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » below) 
 
4.21.3 BinaryRangeAccrual: 
 
[BinaryRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound(i), 
UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound)]; 
or 
[BinaryRangeAccrual({Schedule(i)}, 
LowerBound(i), 
UpperBound(i), 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound)] means in respect of Schedule(i), a number equal to one (1) if n(i) is equal to N(i) and 
zero (0) otherwise,  
 
Where: 
 
n(i) means the number of date(s)(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i) for which: 
 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) and ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is lower than 
[or equal to] UpperBound(i)] 
 
Or 
 
[ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) and is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)]

--- Page 400 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
400 
And: 
 
N(i) means the total number of dates(t) as specified in the applicable Final Terms within Schedule(i). 
 
The 
main 
Reference 
Formula(e) 
used 
for 
ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, 
ReferenceFormula_UpperBound 
and 
ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound is/are (but without limitation): 
 
Level, Performance or Price (as defined in Section 4.1 Family of « SimpleLevel » above) 
WorstLevel, WorstPerformance or WorstPrice (as defined in Section 4.6 Family of « WorstLevel » above) 
BestLevel, BestPerformance or BestPrice (as defined in Section 4.5 Family of « BestLevel » above) 
Fixing, WorstFixing or BestFixing (as defined in Section 4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » below) 
 
4.22 Family of « IntradayLevel »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
Intraday Price of an Underlying, the maximum or minimum value of such Intraday Price of an Underlying, the Level (or Performance) 
of the Intraday Price or of such maximum or minimum value of such Intraday Price. 
 
MinTimeSI(i) means in respect of an Underlying and Valuation Date(i), the Minimum SI(i) over all observation days (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(i) (included). 
 
MaxTimeSI(i) means in respect of an Underlying and Valuation Date(i), the Maximum SI(i) over all observation days (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(RVD(i)) (included). 
 
MinTimeSI(i,k) means in respect of an Underlying(k) and Valuation Date(i), the Minimum SI(i,k) over all observation days (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(i) (included). 
 
MaxTimeSI(i,k) means in respect of an Underlying(k) and Valuation Date(i), the Maximum SI(i,k) over all observation days (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) from Valuation Date(0) (included) to Valuation Date(i) (included). 
 
IntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means MinTimeSI(i) / S(0) - 100% 
 
IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means MaxTimeSI(i) / S(0) - 100% 
 
IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k) means MinTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) - 100% 
 
IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k) means MaxTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) - 100% 
 
WorstIntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k) 
 
WorstIntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k) 
 
BestIntradayMinTimePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimePerformance(i,k) 
 
BestIntradayMaxTimePerformance(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimePerformance(i,k) 
 
IntradayMinTimeLevel(i) means MinTimeSI(i) / S(0) 
 
IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) means MaxTimeSI(i) / S(0) 
 
IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k) means MinTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) 
 
IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k) means MaxTimeSI(i,k) / S(0,k) 
 
WorstIntradayMinTimeLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k) 
WorstIntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k) 
BestIntradayMinTimeLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMinTimeLevel(i,k) 
BestIntradayMaxTimeLevel(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of IntradayMaxTimeLevel(i,k) 
 
4.23 Family of « VolatilityLevel »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
historical volatility level of a given Underlying. 
 
AverageReturns(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for t from 1 to i, of LN(RestrikeLevel(t)). 
 
AverageTimeVolatilityStrategy(t1,t2), means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2 of the VolatilityStrategy(i). For the avoidance 
of doubt, t1, t2 could be renamed to j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and will refer to any date relating to a Valuation Date, Relevant 
Valuation Date or an Averaging Date.

--- Page 401 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
401 
AverageTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2) means AverageTimeVolatilityStrategy(t1,t2)/ StrikeVolatilityStrategy. For the 
avoidance of doubt, t1, t2 could be renamed to j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and will refer to any date relating to a Valuation Date, 
Relevant Valuation Date or an Averaging Date. 
 
CashReturn(i), means Rate(i-1)×ACT(i−1,i)/TimeBasis 
 
DynamicLeverage(i) means Min(Leverage_Cap; Target_Volatility/ LeveragedVolatility(iLag)) 
 
ExcessReturn(i), means TotalReturn(i) – CashReturn(i) 
 
HistoricalVarianceLevel(i, DetrendFactor) means the Sum, for t from 1 to i, of [LN(RestrikeLevel(t)) – DetrendFactor x 
AverageReturns(i)]^2. 
 
HistoricalVolatilityLevel(i, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) means [HistoricalVarianceLevel(i, DetrendFactor) x 
AnnualObservationsNumber / i]^(0.5). 
 
LeveragedVolatility(i), means Realized_Volatility(i, RVP) or Max(Realized_Volatility(i, RVP_1);Realized_Volatility(i, RVP_2)), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
MaxTimeVolatilityStrategyPerformance(t1,t2), means the maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of VolatilityStrategyPerformance(i). For the 
avoidance of doubt, t1, t2 could be renamed to j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and will refer to any date relating to a Valuation Date, 
Relevant Valuation Date or an Averaging Date. 
 
Rate(i) means a rate (usually overnight), specified in the applicable Final Terms, which is used to determine CashReturn(i) 
 
Realized Volatility(i, RVP) means ((AF / VD(i)) x (Sum(t from i – RVP + 1 to i) ((LN(1 + VolReturn(t)))^2 ))) ^(0.5) or ((AF / VD(i)) x 
(Sum(t from i – RVP + 1 to i) ((LN(1 + VolReturn(t)))^2 ) – (1/RVP) x (Sum(t from i – RVP + 1 to i) (LN(1 + VolReturn(t))))^2 ) ) ^(0.5), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
RestrikeHistoricalVolatilityLevel(t1, t2, DetrendFactor, AnnualObservationNumber) means [HistoricalVarianceLevel(t2, 
DetrendFactor) - HistoricalVarianceLevel(t1, DetrendFactor)) x AnnualObservationsNumber / (t2 – t1)]^(0.5). 
 
Return(i), means ExcessReturn(i) or TotalReturn(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
StrikeVolatilityStrategy, means VolatilityStrategy(0) or AverageTimeVolatilityStrategy(t1,t2). For the avoidance of doubt, t1, t2 could 
be renamed to j1, j2 or Schedule or Schedule(i) and will refer to any date relating to a Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date or an 
Averaging Date. 
 
TotalReturn(i) means (BasketRestrikeLevel(i) - 100%) or RestrikeLevel(i) – 100%, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
VD(i) (Vol Denominator and with the abbreviate VD) means Act(i - RVP,i) or RVP or (RVP-1), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms 
 
VolatilityStrategy(i) means VolatilityStrategy(i1) x (1 + DynamicLeverage(i1) x Return(i) + ((1 – DynamicLeverage(i1)) x 
CashReturn(i))) - [SD x Act(i1,i) / 365] ) or VolatilityStrategy(i1) x (1 + DynamicLeverage(i1) x Return(i) - [SD x Act(i1,i) / 365] ), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Where VolatilityStrategy(0) means a ConstantVolatilityStrategy_0 
 
VolatilityStrategyPerformance(i), means VolatilityStrategy(i)/StrikeVolatilityStrategy. 
 
VolReturn(i), means ExcessReturn(i) or TotalReturn(i), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4.24 Family of « Combined ReferenceFormula »  
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) combine two 
or several ReferenceFormula(e) (ReferenceFormula1, ReferenceFormula2,..., ReferenceFormulaN). 
 
Sum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Sum of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be written Sum(i1, i2,…, iN, 
ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
 
Sum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
 
Average(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Arithmetic 
Average of ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be written Average(i1, i2,…, 
iN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
 
Average(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i).

--- Page 402 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
402 
Difference(i, t, ReferenceFormula1(i), ReferenceFormula2(t)) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula1(i) and 
ReferenceFormula2(t). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i) - ReferenceFormula2(t). 
 
Difference(i, t, ReferenceFormula) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula(i) and ReferenceFormula(t). It may also be 
written as ReferenceFormula(i) - ReferenceFormula(t). 
 
Product(i1, i2,…,iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…, ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Product of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…and ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i1) x 
ReferenceFormula2(i2) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(iN). 
 
Product(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Product, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
 
Ratio(i, t, ReferenceFormula1(i), ReferenceFormula2(t)) means the Ratio of ReferenceFormula1(i) and ReferenceFormula2(t). It 
may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i) / ReferenceFormula2(t). 
 
Maximum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
 
Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Maximum between ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…ReferenceFormulaN(iN). 
It may also be written Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical 
 
MaxDifference(t1, t2, Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of the Maximum for t from i to t2 
of Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula). It may also be written as Max(i from t1 to t2)(t from i to t2) [Difference(t, i, ReferenceFormula)]. 
 
Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN)) means the Minimum 
between ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2),…ReferenceFormulaN(iN). It may also be written Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, 
ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
 
Minimum(t1, t2, ReferenceFormula(i)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i). 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one underlying and a combination over time: 
 
Sum(i1, i2,…iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) ) means the Sum of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), … and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k).  
Sum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Sum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
Difference(i, t, k, ReferenceFormula1(i,k), ReferenceFormula2(t,k)) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula1(i,k) and 
ReferenceFormula2(t,k). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i,k) - ReferenceFormula2(t,k). 
 
Difference(i, t, k, ReferenceFormula) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula(i,k) and ReferenceFormula(t,k). It may also 
be written as ReferenceFormula(i,k) - ReferenceFormula(t,k). 
 
Product(i1, i2,…,iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…, ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) means the Product of 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), 
ReferenceFormula2(i2,k),…, 
and 
ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). 
It 
may 
also 
be 
written 
as 
ReferenceFormula1(i1,k) x ReferenceFormula2(i2,k) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). 
 
Product(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Product, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
Ratio(i, t, k, ReferenceFormula1(i,k), 
ReferenceFormula2(t,k)) 
means the Ratio of ReferenceFormula1(i,k) 
and 
ReferenceFormula2(t,k). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i,k) / ReferenceFormula2(t,k). 
 
Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) means the 
Maximum between ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). It may also be written 
Maximum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
 
Maximum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2 of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula1(i1,k), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k)) means the 
Minimum between ReferenceFormula1(i1), ReferenceFormula2(i2,k), …, and ReferenceFormulaN(iN,k). It may also be written 
Minimum(i1, i2,…, iN, k, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical. 
 
Minimum(t1, t2, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
AbsoluteValue(i, k, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Absolute Value of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
For Warrants indexed on more than one Underlying and a combination over underlyings: 
 
Sum(i, k1,...,kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2), …, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) means the Sum of 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be written Sum(i, k1,..., kN, 
ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical.

--- Page 403 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
403 
 
Sum(i, k1, k2, RefereenceFormula(i,k)) means the sum, for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
Difference(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(t,k2)) means the Difference between ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) 
and ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) - ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). 
 
Product(i, k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) means the Product of 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, 
and 
ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). 
It 
may 
also 
be 
written 
as 
ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) x ReferenceFormula2(i,k2) x … x ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). 
 
Product(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the product , for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
Ratio(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2)) means the Ratio of ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) and 
ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). It may also be written as ReferenceFormula1(i,k1) / ReferenceFormula2(i,k2). 
 
Maximum(i, k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) means the Maximum 
between ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be written Maximum(i, 
k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical 
 
Maximum(i, k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Maximum for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
Minimum(i, k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN)) means the Minimum 
between ReferenceFormula1(i,k1), ReferenceFormula2(i,k2),…, and ReferenceFormulaN(i,kN). It may also be written Minimum(i, 
k1,..., kN, ReferenceFormula) when the ReferenceFormulae are identical 
 
Minimum(i,k1, k2, ReferenceFormula(i,k)) means the Minimum, for k from k1 to k2, of ReferenceFormula(i,k). 
 
4.25 Family of « ReferenceFixings » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine 
combinations of interest rate fixings 
 
Fixing(i) means S(i) in respect of an Underlying which is Reference Rate. 
 
MaxTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i). 
 
MinTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i). 
 
AverageTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i). 
 
SpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Difference between Fixing(t1) and Fixing(t2) (or respectively the difference between Fixing(t2) 
and Fixing(t1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
AbsoluteSpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2) means the Absolute Value of the Difference between Fixing(t1) and Fixing(t2) (or respectively the 
Absolute Value of the Difference between Fixing(t2) and Fixing(t1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Fixing(i,k) means S(i,k) in respect of an Underlying(k) which is Reference Rate. 
 
MaxTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of the Fixing(i,k). 
 
MinTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i,k). 
 
AverageTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of Fixing(i,k). 
 
AverageTimeSpreadFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of SpreadFixing(i). 
 
SpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Difference between Fixing(t1,k) and Fixing(t2,k) (or respectively the Difference between 
Fixing(t2,k) and Fixing(t1,k) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
AbsoluteSpreadTimeFixing(t1,t2,k) means the Absolute Value of the Difference between Fixing(t1,k) and Fixing(t2,k) (or 
respectively the Absolute Value of the Difference between Fixing(t2,k) and Fixing(t1,k) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
BestFixing(i) means the Maximum, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k). 
 
WorstFixing(i) means the Minimum, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k). 
 
AverageFixing(i) means the Arithmetic Average, for k from 1 to N, of Fixing(i,k). 
 
BasketFixing(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to N, of the Product of W(i,k) and Fixing(i,k).

--- Page 404 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
404 
MaxTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of the BasketFixing(i) 
 
MinTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Minimum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketFixing(i) 
 
AverageTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketFixing(i) 
 
SpreadTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Difference between BasketFixing(t1) and BasketFixing(t2) (or respectively the Difference 
between BasketFixing(t2) and BasketFixing(t1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
AbsoluteSpreadTimeBasketFixing(t1,t2) means the Absolute Value of the Difference between BasketFixing(t1) and 
BasketFixing(t2) (or respectively the Absolute Value of the Difference between BasketFixing(t2) and BasketFixing(t1) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
 
SpreadFixing(i) means in respect of Underlying(1) and Underlying(2) which are Reference Rate, the Difference between Fixing(i,1) 
and Fixing(i,2) (or respectively the Difference between Fixing(i,2) and Fixing(i,1) as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
ShiftedFixing(i, Shift) means the sum of Shift and Fixing(i)  
 
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Payout(i,k), Weight(i,k)) means: 
 
-    - If Fixing(i,k) is equal to Threshold(i,k), then: 
 
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Payout(i,k), Weight(i,k)) = Payout(i,k) 
 
-    - If Fixing(i,k) is different from Threshold(i,k), then: 
 
ModifiedFixing(i, k, Threshold(i,k), Payout(i,k), Weight(i,k)) = Weight(i,k) 
 
CapiReferenceLevel(i, Fixing, FixingBasis, Spread) means in respect of Valuation Date(i), the Product for t from 1 to i of [100% + 
(Fixing(t-1) + Spread(t-1)) x FixingBasis(t)]. 
 
4.26 Family of « InBetweenLevel » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine, in 
respect of Products having several Underlyings, the Underlying(s) with the Level(s) comprised between the smallest levels and the 
largest levels, in respect of a Valuation Date. 
 
InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2) means the Sum, for k from m1 to m2, of RankedLevel(i,k).   
 
AveragingInBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2) means the Ratio of InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2) and (m2-m1+1). 
 
MaxTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of InBetweenLevel (i,m1,m2). 
 
MinTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Minimum, for i from 1 to t, of InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2). 
 
SumTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Sum, for i from 1 to t, of InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2). 
 
AverageTimeInBetweenLevel(t,m1,m2) means the Arithmetic Average, for i from 1 to t, of InBetweenLevel(i,m1,m2). 
 
4.27 Family of « Combined Vanillas » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) set a maximum 
value (Cap), a minimum value (Floor) for a Level or a Performance or a participation factor applied to a Performance or to the 
difference between a Level or a Performance and a Threshold. 
 
SumOfCalls(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitCall(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
 
Where: 
UnitCall(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means the Product of Weight(k) and Min(Cap(k) ; 
Max(Floor(k) ; ReferenceFormula(k)(i) – Strike(k))) 
 
SumOfDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
 
Where: 
 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then:

--- Page 405 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
405 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) ; Weight(k))) 
 
 
Scenario 2: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) ; 0)) 
 
SumOfDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), UpCap(k), 
UpFloor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
 
Where: 
Scenario 1: 
 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), Cap(k), Floor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k), Strike(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
 
means Min(UpCap(k) ; Max(UpFloor(k) ; Weight(k))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
 
UnitDigit(i, k, Weight(k), UpCap(k), UpFloor(k), DownCap(k), DownFloor(k)) means Min(DownCap(k) ; Max(DownFloor(k) ; 0) 
 
SumOfStrikedDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of UnitStrikedDigit(i, k, Strike(k), Weight(k), 
ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) 
 
Where: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
UnitStrikeDigit(i, k, Strike(k), Weight(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means Weight(k) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] Strike(k), then: 
UnitStrikeDigit(i, k, Strike(k), Weight(k), ReferenceFormula(k)(i)) means 0. 
 
SumOfTimeDigits(t1,i) means the Sum, for t from t1 to i, of UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t), ReferenceFormula(t)) 
 
Where: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(t), ReferenceFormula(t) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t), ReferenceFormula(t)) means Weight(t) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(t), ReferenceFormula(t) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Strike, then: 
UnitTimeDigit(t, Strike, Weight(t), ReferenceFormula(t)) means 0. 
 
SumOfCallsAndDigits(i) means the Sum, for k from 1 to OptionsNumber, of the Product of UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), 
FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) and UnitCall(i, k, WeightCall(k), CapCall(k), FloorCall(k), StrikeCall(k), 
ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i)) 
 
Where: 
 
UnitCall(i, k, WeightCall(k), CapCall(k), FloorCall(k), StrikeCall(k), ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i)) means the Product of WeightCall(k) 
and Min(CapCall(k) ; Max(FloorCall(k) ; ReferenceFormula_Call(k)(i) – StrikeCall(k))) 
 
And: 
 
Scenario 1: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] StrikeDigit(k), then: 
UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) 
; Weight(k))) 
 
Scenario 2: 
If on Valuation Date(i), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i) is [lower] [higher] than [or equal to] StrikeDigit(k), then:

--- Page 406 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
406 
UnitDigit(i, k, WeightDigit(k), CapDigit(k), FloorDigit(k), StrikeDigit(k), ReferenceFormula_Digit(k)(i)) means Min(Cap(k) ; Max(Floor(k) 
; 0)) 
 
 
4.28  Reserved 
 
4.29Family of « Counter » 
 
Characteristic of this Family of Reference Formula(e): the Reference Formulae of this Family of Reference Formula(e) determine the 
number of Valuation Dates for which a certain Level, Price or Performance is in or out predefined boundaries or the number of 
Valuation Dates for which an event has occured. 
 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, Bound(i), ReferenceFormula_Bound)] means the number of Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) for which 
ReferenceFormula_Bound(t) is [higher] [lower] than [or equal to] Bound(i) 
 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerUpperBound)] means the number of 
Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) for which ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound(t) is higher than [or equal to] LowerBound(i) 
[and] [or] ReferenceFormula_LowerandUpperBound(t) is lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i) 
 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, LowerBound(i), UpperBound(i), ReferenceFormula_LowerBound, ReferenceFormula_UpperBound) 
means the number of Valuation Date(t) within Schedule(i) for which ReferenceFormula_LowerBound(t) is [higher][lower] than [or equal 
to] LowerBound(i) [and] [or] ReferenceFormula_UpperBound(t) is  lower than [or equal to] UpperBound(i)] 
 
Counter({Schedule(i)}, Bound(i), [European] [American] [Memory] [a Range] KnockIn Event(i)) means the number of Valuation 
Date(t) within Schedule(i) for which a[n] [European] [American] [Memory] [a Range] KnockIn Event(i) has [not] occurred]. 
 
5. GENERAL DEFINITIONS USED IN THESE ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO FORMULAE 
 
5.1 Generic indices, enumeration, simplification and scenario conventions 
 
5.1.1 Generic indices convention used in Product Formulae definitions 
 
"i" or "t" or "t1" or "t2" or “j1” or “j2” means the reference to any date relating to a Valuation Date, Relevant Valuation Date or a date 
within a relevant Schedule. For ease of reading, those letters can be replaced by n, t, x, y or z, being clarified that this list is not 
exhaustive. 
 
"k" or "s" means the reference to any Underlying specified in the relevant Basket.  
 
"N" means the number of Underlyings comprised in the relevant Basket. 
 
"SubN" means the number of Underlyings comprised in the relevant sub-basket defined as a part of the relevant Basket. SubN is 
strictly lower than N.  
 
"RVD(i)" (“Relevant Valuation Date” and with the abbreviate “RVD”) means, in respect of any date(i), the reference to a date (which 
may be different from date(i)) 
 
For illustration purposes, Valuation Date(i) may be, in respect of an Interest Payment Date(i), the Valuation Date immediately 
preceding such Interest Payment Date. 
 
"t0" (or "0") means the first Valuation Date or the first date of a relevant Schedule. 
 
"T" means the last Valuation Date or the last date of a relevant Schedule. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, i-1, t-1, t1-1, t2-1, or T-1 (resp. t+1,t1+1,t2+1, or T+1) means the Valuation Date immediately preceding 
(resp. following) i, t, t1, t2 or T. 
 
5.1.2 Enumeration convention 
 
Enumeration will be generally defined as follows:  
 
The dates within the Reference Formula are defined using the following enumeration "from 0 to t" and / or "from 1 to t" and / or "from 
t1 to t2". The ReferenceFormula listed below can be defined with any of such three enumerations, as the case may be to determine 
the Product Formula. 
 
Illustration 
 
"MaxTimeBasketLevel(t) means the Maximum, for i from 1 to t, of BasketLevel(i)" 
could be modified in:  
 
"MaxTimeBasketLevel(t1, t2) means the Maximum, for i from t1 to t2, of BasketLevel(i)."

--- Page 407 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
407 
 
"(i from t1 to t2)" means any date(i) from and including t1 to and including t2. 
 
"(k from 1 to N)" means any Underlying(k) within a Basket from and including Underlying(1) to and including Underlying(N). 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, lower and upper bounds of enumerations used in Product Formulae definitions can be modified notably 
(but not only) to take into account specificities of Schedules relating to Products. For instance (i from 0 to T) used in a generic Product 
Formula can become (i from 1 to T-1) for the purpose of defining a Product Formula in respect of a particular Product. 
 
5.1.3 Simplification convention 
 
5.1.3.1    For ease of reading, certain conditions relating to Product Formula(e) as defined herein may be simplified as follows: 
 
Case 1: only one barrier condition is required  
 
For example in respect of the following conditions: 
 
"If 
on 
Valuation 
Date(T), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) 
is 
lower 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
AutocallBarrier(T) 
and 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:", 
 
If the second condition "ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is higher than [or equal to] FinalBarrier" is not required, these conditions may 
be simplified as follows: "If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is lower than [or equal to] AutocallBarrier(T), then". 
 
Case 2: one of the barrier condition is redundant 
 
For example, in respect of the following conditions: 
 
"If 
on 
Valuation 
Date(T), 
ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) 
is 
lower 
than 
[or 
equal 
to] 
AutocallBarrier(T) 
and 
ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) is lower than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then:", 
 
If "ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is equal to ReferenceFormula_Barrier(T) and FinalBarrier is lower than or equal to 
AutocallBarrier(T)",is not required, these conditions may be simplified as follows:  
 
"If on Valuation Date(T), ReferenceFormula_Autocall(T) is lower than [or equal to] FinalBarrier, then". 
 
Case 3: addition of Variable Data and values determined based on Reference Formulae 
 
For example, in respect of the following Product Formula: 
 
Product Formula(T) = BaseSettlementLevel_FSP + Participation x (ReferenceFormula_Final(T) – Strike)" 
 
If BaseSettlementLevel_FSP is equal to 90%, Participation is equal to 100% and Strike is equal to 10%, Product Formula may be 
simplified as follows: 
 
"Product Formula(T) = 80% + ReferenceFormula_Final(T)" 
 
where: 
 
80% = 90% - 10% 
 
5.1.3.2  Scenario convention 
 
The convention described hereunder is applicable to all the different Scenarios described in Condition 3. 
 
A scenario is deemed to have occurred and therefore to pay an associated Product Formula according to the position of the relevant 
Reference Formula and a predefined barrier and/or according to the occurrence of an knock-in event. The position of the relevant 
Reference Formula and a predefined barrier can be "higher", "lower", "higher or equal to" or "lower or equal to". When the position of 
the relevant Reference Formula is described as being "higher" or "lower", it can be written as "strictly higher" or "strictly lower". 
 
5.2 Generic definitions 
 
Product Amount(s) means the amount(s) defined as such in the Overview of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
Product Formula(e) means the formula(e) defined as such in the Overview of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
Reference Formula(e) means the reference formula(e) relating to one Product or more than one Product, defined as such in the 
Overview of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
Notional Amount means the Notional Amount of each Warrant specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 408 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
408 
Underlying (respectively Underlying(k)) means the underlying asset (respectively underlying asset (k)) being used as underlying to 
the relevant Reference Formula(e) as specified in the applicable Final Terms. "Underlying" shall have the meaning given to it in the 
section "Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants". 
 
5.3 Schedules, dates and days 
 
30/360 means the number of days in the Determination Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction = ([360 × (Y2- Y1 )]  + [30 × (M2  - M1 )]  + (D2  - D1 )) / 360 
 
where: 
 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Determination Period falls; 
 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Determination Period falls; 
 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Determination Period falls; 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of the Determination Period 
falls; 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Determination Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the Determination Period, unless such 
number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
 
Actual/360 means the actual number of days in the Determination Period divided by 360. 
 
Act(tj,ti) means the number of calendar days between Valuation Date(tj) (included) and Valuation Date(ti) (excluded) or such other 
period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Business Day means a business day as defined in the Terms and Conditions or in the relevant English Law Condition and French 
Law Condition. 
 
Determination Period means a period starting on (and including) the Issue Date and finishing on (but excluding) (A) the relevant 
Event-linked Expiration Date or (B) the Scheduled Expiration Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable. 
 
DayCountFraction means a convention for determining the basis of calculating the day count fraction or the Day Count Fraction 
convention as defined in the relevant English Law Condition and French Law Condition and specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
DCF means the Day Count Fraction convention, for a period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date (or the 
Issue Date if the Interest Commencement Date is not specified or any other date specified in the applicable Final Terms) and ending 
on (but excluding) the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Date or the Maturity Date or the Scheduled Maturity Date, as applicable. 
 
Event-linked Early Expiration Date, or Settlement Date means dates as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
FixingBasis means the relevant day count convention expressed as a fraction X/Y (where the numerator X is a number of days 
between two dates "t-1" and "t" over which interest is earned and the denominator Y is the total number of days in the period measured) 
which defines the manner in which interest accrues over time, and in either case as selected from the relevant English Law Conditions 
and specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
HighBarrierEventDate means the date on which a HighBarrierEvent has occurred. 
 
LowBarrierEventDate means the date on which a LowBarrierEvent has occurred. 
 
Mat means the number of years of observation of the Underlying to which it is applied. For the avoidance of doubt, Mat may not be 
an integer. 
 
Settlement Date means the payment date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Schedule(i) means the i-th Schedule defined in the applicable Final Terms as being either (A) a list of Valuation Dates or Relevant 
Valuation Dates or any other dates, or (B) all Valuation Dates or Relevant Valuation Dates or any other dates comprised within a 
period from and [including] [excluding] date t1 to and [including] [excluding] date t2. 
 
SecondHighBarrierEventDate means the date on which a SecondHighBarrierEvent has occurred. 
 
SecondLowBarrierEventDate means the date on which a SecondLowBarrierEvent has occurred. 
 
TimeBasis means 360 or 365 as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 409 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
409 
 
Valuation Date or Relevant Valuation Date ("RVD") or any other date each as specified in the applicable Final Terms, means in 
respect of one or more than one Underlying, the date defined as the Valuation Date or Averaging Date in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to the relevant Underlying(s). 
 
5.4 Variable Data 
 
When applicable, the following Variable Data shall be specified when relevant in the applicable Final Terms. These Variable Data 
may be an amount, a percentage, the value of the ReferenceFormula considered or any value yielded by one or several mathematical 
operations which may imply one or several Reference Formula(e), and applied to the Underlying(s) of the Product. 
 
AF means an annualising factor that will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
AnnualObservationNumber means the number of dates used to determine the historical volatility of an Underlying or a Basket (e.g. 
252 or 260). 
 
AutocallBarrier[_1/2] refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
AutocallBarrierLowerBound refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
AutocallBarrierUpperBound refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
Barrier[_1/2/3/4] or FinalBarrier or HighBarrier or LowBarrier or SecondHighBarrier or SecondLowBarrier or LowerBound[_1/2] or 
UpperBound[_1/2] or AutocallBarrier[_1/2] or AutocallBarrierUpperBound or AutocallBarrierLowerBound or LockInBarrier means a 
barrier that, once reached, triggers an adjustment in the Product Amount(s) or the occurrence of an event.  
 
BaseSettlementLevel 
or 
BaseSettlementLevel[_1/2/3/4] 
or 
BaseSettlementLevel_FSP[_1/2/3/4/5] 
or 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP[_1/2/3/4] means a constant amount, percentage or level. 
 
BaseSettlementLevel[_1/2/3/4/Payout] refers to what is defined for "BaseSettlementLevel". 
 
BaseSettlementLevel_ESP[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "BaseSettlementLevel". 
 
Bonus[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
CallParticipation refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
Cap[_1/2/3/4] or FinalCap or GlobalCap or UpCap or DownCap or CapCall or CapDigit or CapDigitA or CapDigitB or Cap_FSP 
or Cap_ESP means the Maximum level or percentage or amount that can be reached by the component of a Product Formula to 
which it is applied; if the component to which it is applied is higher than the Cap (resp. FinalCap or GlobalCap or UpCap or DownCap 
or CapCall or CapDigit or CapDigitA or CapDigitB), the component will be deemed equal to the Cap (resp. FinalCap or GlobalCap or 
UpCap or DownCap or CapCall or CapDigit or CapDigitA or CapDigitB or Cap_FSP or Cap_ESP).  
 
CapCall refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
CapDigit refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
CapDigitA refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
CapDigitB refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
Cap_ESP refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" 
 
Cap_FSP refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
CapitalisationRate means a rate designed to reflect the time between the Last Valuation Date and the last Settlement Date. 
 
ConstantCall or ConstantDigitDown or ConstantDigitUp or ConstantPut means a constant number to be added to the Product 
Amount(s).  
 
Constant_InitialLevel means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
Constant_InitialPerformance means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
ConstantCertificateLevel means a constant amount, percentage or level. 
 
ConstantDigitDown refers to what is defined for "ConstantCall". 
 
ConstantDigitUp refers to what is defined for "ConstantCall".

--- Page 410 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
410 
ConstantPut refers to what is defined for "ConstantCall". 
 
ConstantVolatilityStrategy_0 means a constant amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
Collateralisation Percentage refers to a hypothetical collateralisation percentage. 
 
DetrendFactor means an integer equal to 0 or 1 used to determine the historical volatility or variance of an Underlying or a Basket. 
 
Div means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
DownCap refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
DownFloor refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".  
  
Downside means the participation to the performance or level of the Underlying(s) below the Threshold. This Variable Data can be 
an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
Factor[_1/2] shall bear the same meaning as the one ascribed to Participation. 
 
Factor_AdvisoryFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees. 
 
Factor_Fees or Factor_AdvisoryFees or Factor_DistributionFees or Factor_StructuringFees means a percentage or a rate 
deducted from the value of the Product. 
 
Factor_DistributionFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees. 
 
Factor_StructuringFees shall bear the same meaning as the one as described to Factor_Fees. 
 
FixedRate means an amount, a percentage or a level. 
 
Fee means an amount, a percentage or a level 
 
FinalBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
FinalBonus[_1/2] means a constant number, amount or level.FinalCap[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
FinalFloor[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
FinalParticipation refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]" 
 
FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4] refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
FloorCall refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
FloorDigit refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
FloorDigitA refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
FloorDigitB refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
Floor[_1/2/3/4] or FinalFloor or GlobalFloor or Bonus[_1/2/3/4] or UpFloor or DownFloor or LowBonus or HighBonus or 
FloorCall or FloorDigit or FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB or Floor_FSP or Floor_Payout means the Minimum level or percentage or 
amount that can be reached by the component of a Product Formula to which it is applied; if the component to which it is applied is 
lower than the Floor (resp. FinalFloor or GlobalFloor or Bonus or UpFloor or DownFloor or LowBonus or HighBonus or FloorCall or 
FloorDigit or FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB), the component will be deemed equal to the Floor (resp. FinalFlooror GlobalFloor or Bonus 
or UpFloor or DownFloor or LowBonus or HighBonus or FloorCall or FloorDigit or FloorDigitA or FloorDigitB or Floor_FSP or 
Floor_Payout).  
 
GlobalCapFloorCall refers to what is defined for "CapFloor[_1/2/3/4]" .]".   
 
GlobalFloor refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
FloorDigit refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
FloorDigitA refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
FloorDigitB refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
Floor_ESP refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]"

--- Page 411 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
411 
Floor_FSP refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
GlobalAdditiveFactor means the additive factor applied to a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the exposure 
to such Product Formula. 
 
GlobalCap refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
GlobalFloor refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
GlobalMultiplicativeFactor means the multiplicative factor applied to a Product Formula in order to either increase or decrease the 
exposure to such Product Formula. 
 
HighBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .]". 
 
HighBonus refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
Knock-InThreshold[_1/2/3/4] means the performance that, once reached, triggers [a European] [an American] [a Range] Knock-In 
Event. 
 
Lag means a number of dates. 
 
Leverage refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
Leverage_Cap means the maximum level that can be reached by the Leverage. 
 
Leverage_FSP refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
LeverageFactor refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
LeveragePercentage refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]" . 
 
LockInBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
LockInLevel, means a constant percentage. 
 
LockNumber means the number of events used to determine the Product Amount(s). 
 
LowBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .]". 
 
LowBonus refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
LowerBound[_1/2] refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .]". 
 
NbCalls or NbPuts or NbDigitsDown or NbDigitUp or ProductNumber or UnitVanillaNumber or OptionsNumber means the 
number of components used to determine the Product Amount(s). 
 
NbDigitsDown refers to what is defined "NbCalls".   
 
NbDigitUp refers to what is defined for "NbCalls".   
 
NbPuts refers to what is defined for "NbCalls".   
 
Number of Days means the number of days to be observed to determine an event.  
 
OptionsNumber refers to what is defined for "NbCalls". 
 
Participation[_1/2/3/4] or FinalParticipation or CallParticipation or PutParticipation or LeveragePercentage or Leverage or 
LeverageFactor or Factor[_1/2] means the multiplicative factor applied to one or several component(s) of a Product Formula in order 
to either increase or decrease the exposure to these component(s) of a Product Formula.  
[In case of Non-exempt Offer to the public only: A percentage (indicatively [Insert the percentage]% subject to a minimum of [Insert 
the percentage]%) to be published by the Issuer on http://prospectus.socgen.com on [insert the date of the publication].]  
 
PhysicalDeliveryStrikePrice means the strike price of the relevant Underlying or the price derived from the relevant Underlyings  to 
be considered for the determination of the number of Deliverable Assets to be delivered upon settlement by way of Physical Delivery 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Participation_ESP[_1/2] refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]" 
 
PF means an amount, a percentage or a level.

--- Page 412 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
412 
Payout[_1/2/3/4/5/6] or Payout_ESP[_1/2/3/4/5/6] or Payout_FSP[_1/2/3/4/5/6] means the fixed or conditional payment paid upon 
an Early Expiration Event or [Settlement Date] of the Warrants. 
 
ProductNumber refers to what is defined for "NbCalls".  
  
PutParticipation refers to what is defined for "Participation[_1/2/3/4]".   
 
ReferenceFixingTime means the specific time used to determine the Fixing Price of an Underlying when the option Fixing Price is 
chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
 
RVP[_1/2] or Realised Volatility Period means a number that will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of 
doubt, RVP could be renamed to RVP_1 or RVP_2 and will refer to what is defined for RVP[_1/2]. 
 
SD (Synthetic Decrement and with the abbreviate SD), means a level of synthetic decrement, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms 
 
SecondHighBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .]". 
 
SecondLowBarrier refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .]".  
 
Shift means the level or percentage or amount to be added to the relevant Reference formula to which it applies. 
 
Spread means the percentage to be added to the relevant Fixing or reference rate.  
[In case of Non-exempt Offer to the public only: A percentage (indicatively [Insert the percentage]% subject to a minimum of [Insert 
the percentage]%) to be published by the Issuer on http://prospectus.socgen.com on [insert the date of the publication].] 
 
SpreadMidAsk means the Spread used to adjust the Exchange Reference Price when the option Bid-Ask Spread is chosen to 
determine the Exchange Reference Price by reference to a purchase order. 
 
SpreadBidMid means the Spread used to adjust the Exchange Reference Price when the option Bid-Ask Spread is chosen to 
determine the Exchange Reference Price by reference to a sell order. 
 
SpreadSC means the relevant spread part of the SafeComponent, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
SpreadLC means the relevant spread part of the LeverageComponent, specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Strike[_1/2/3/4] or FinalStrike[_1/2/3/4] or StrikeCall or StrikePut or StrikeDigit or StrikeDigitA or StrikeDigitB or 
StrikeDigitDown or StrikeDigitUp means the amount or level or performance of the relevant Underlying(s) that is (are) used to 
determine the reference purchase or selling price (resp.  level performance) of the Underlying(s).  
 
StrikeCall refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikeDigit refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikeDigitA refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikeDigitB refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikeDigitDown refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikeDigitUp refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
StrikePut refers to what is defined for "Strike[_1/2/3/4]". 
 
Target_Volatility means a target level of volatility, specified in the applicable Final Terms 
 
Threshold means the threshold under or above which the participation to the level or performance of the Underlying(s) is adjusted.  
 
TWAPStartTime means the specific time used to determine the beginning of the period considered to compute the time weighted 
average price of an Underlying when the option TWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price.  
 
TWAPEndTime means the specific time used to determine the end of the period considered to compute the time weighted average 
price of an Underlying when the option TWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
 
UnitVanillaNumber refers to what is defined for "NbCalls".   
 
UpCap refers to what is defined for "Cap[_1/2/3/4]" .]". 
 
UpFloor refers to what is defined for "Floor[_1/2/3/4]".

--- Page 413 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
413 
UpperBound[_1/2] refers to what is defined for "Barrier[_1/2/3/4]" .]". 
 
Upside means the participation to the performance or level of the Underlying(s) above the Threshold.  
 
VWAPStartTime means the specific time used to determine the beginning of the period considered to compute the volume weighted 
average price of an Underlying when the option VWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
 
VWAPEndTime means the specific time used to determine the end of the period considered to compute the volume weighted 
average price of an Underlying when the option VWAP is chosen to determine the Exchange Reference Price. 
 
W(i,k) or RW(i,k) means in respect of Valuation Date(i) and Underlying(k), the weight (usually expressed in percentage) associated 
to the Underlying(k) comprised in the relevant Basket (for the avoidance of doubt, W(i,k) may be negative). 
 
Weight[_1/2/…/N] or WeightCall or WeightDigit or WeightDigitA or WeightDigitB or WeightDigitDown or WeightDigitUp or 
WeightPut means the weight, usually expressed in percentage, associated to the components used to determine the Product 
Amount(s). 
 
WeightCall refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightDigit refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightDigitA refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightDigitB refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightDigitDown refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightDigitUp refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
WeightPut refers to what is defined for "Weight". 
 
 
6. DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MATHEMATICAL OPERATORS AND SYMBOLS 
 
Where a given formula contains signs from both Groups 1 and 2 below, the operations required by the signs in Group 1 should be 
computed first, followed by the operations required by the signs in Group 2. 
 
Group 1 signs: / or x or * 
Group 2 signs: + or –  
 
 
+ 
means that the item 
preceding this sign is 
added to the item 
following this sign. 
- 
means that the item 
following this sign is 
deducted from the item 
preceding this sign. 
/ 
means that the item 
preceding this sign is 
divided by the item 
following this sign. 
x or * 
means that the item 
preceding this sign will 
be multiplied by the 
item 
following 
this 
sign. 
> 
means that an item X 
preceding this sign is, 
or when used in a 
condition, must 
be, 
strictly higher than an 
item Y following this 
sign

--- Page 414 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
414 
(E.g.: "If X>Y then,…" 
means that X must be 
strictly higher than Y 
for such condition to 
be met). 
< 
means that an item X 
preceding this sign is, 
or when used in a 
condition, must 
be, 
strictly lower than an 
item Y following this 
sign  
(E.g.: "If X<Y then,…" 
means that X must be 
strictly lower than Y for 
such condition to be 
met). 
or >= 
means that an item X 
preceding this sign is, 
or when used in a 
condition, must 
be, 
equal to or higher than 
an item Y following this 
sign  
(E.g.: "If X ≥ Y then,…" 
means that X must be 
equal to or higher than 
Y for such condition to 
be met).  
 or <= 
means that an item X 
preceding this sign is, 
or when used in a 
condition, must 
be, 
equal to or lower than 
an item Y following this 
sign  
(E.g.: "If X ≤ Y then,…" 
means that X must be 
equal to or lower than 
Y for the condition to 
be met). 
i from X to Y 
means that within the 
countable list of the 
designated 
item 
to 
which i applies (as 
defined above), only 
the items with a rank 
between X and Y both 
included (X and Y are 
integer numbers) are 
considered.  
For ease of reading, 
those letters can be 
replaced by n, t, x, y or 
z, being clarified that 
this 
list 
is 
not 
exhaustive. 
i from X to Y and ≠ i0 
by extension the item 
ranked i0 is excluded 
from the above list. 
Min(X;Y) 
means 
that 
the 
considered level is the 
lowest level between

--- Page 415 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
415 
the levels of the two 
numbers X and Y. 
Min or min or MIN or Minimum 
means, for the item to 
which it applies, the 
lowest level that the 
item will take 
E.g. Min(n from 1 to 
10) 
ReferenceFormulae(n) 
means the lowest level 
among the 10 levels 
that 
ReferenceFormulae(n) 
takes 
 
Max(X;Y) 
means 
that 
the 
considered level is the 
highest level between 
the levels of the two 
numbers X and Y. 
Max or max or MAX or Maximum 
means, for the item to 
which it applies, the 
highest level that the 
item will take 
E.g. Max (n from 1 to 
10) 
ReferenceFormulae(n) 
means 
the 
highest 
level among the 10 
levels 
that 
ReferenceFormulae(n) 
takes 
or Sum (n from 1 to X) or Sum 
means, for the item to 
which it applies, the 
sum of the X levels that 
the item will take. 
Sum of a and b means 
a + b. 
E.g.: 
 
ReferenceFormulae(n) 
means the Sum of the 
10 
levels 
that 
ReferenceFormulae(n) 
takes when n varies 
from 1 to 10. 
 or Average(n from 1 to X) or Arithmetic Average 
E.g.: 
  
ReferenceFormulae(n) 
means the Arithmetic 
Average of the 10 
levels 
that 
ReferenceFormulae(n) 
takes. 
 
 
│X│ or Abs (X) or Absolute Value of X 
means 
the 
maximum 
between X and -
X.

--- Page 416 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
416 
Xn or X^n 
means that the 
level 
to 
be 
considered is the 
result 
of 
X 
multiplied by itself 
"n-1" times  
(E.g.: 25 means 
2*2*2*2*2 (i.e. 2 
multiplied by itself 
4 times) = 32). 
a power b or POW(a,b) or a^b 
means 
the 
exponential 
function of b with 
base a. 
EXP(x) or Exp(x) or  
means the 
exponential 
function of x with 
base e. 
√X or the square root of X 
means that the 
level 
to 
be 
considered is the 
number 
which 
when 
multiplied 
by itself gives X  
(E.g.: √9 = 3 since 
3*3 = 9.) 
 
means, for the 
item to which it 
applies, 
the 
product of the x 
levels 
that 
the 
item will take. 
Product of a and b 
means a x b. 
E.g.: 
 
means 
(1+1)(2+1)(3+1) = 
2 × 3 × 4 = 24 
LN(x) = ln(x) = Ln(x) 
means logarithm 
to the base e of x, 
for example LN(2) 
= 0.69315. 
INT(x) 
means 
the 
function 
which 
gives the integer 
part 
of 
the 
number 
x 
(rounded down to 
the 
closest 
integer number).  
E.g.: INT(2.3) = 2, 
INT(1.6) 
= 
1, 
INT(-1.4) 
= 
-2, 
INT(-4.6) = -5. 
IND(condition) 
means 
the 
characteristic 
function 
of the 
condition which is 
equal to 1 if the

--- Page 417 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae 
 
 
417 
condition 
is 
satisfied 
and 
which is equal to 0 
if the condition is 
not satisfied. 
E.g.: 
S(0): 
Closing 
Price 
of 
the 
Underlying 
on 
Valuation Date(0) 
S(1): 
Closing 
Price 
of 
the 
Underlying 
on 
Valuation Date(1) 
if S(0) > S(1), then 
IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 
1 
if S(0) = S(1), then 
IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 
0 
if S(0) < S(1), then 
IND(S(0)>S(1)) = 
0 
Ratio 
ratio between a 
and b means a / b 
Difference 
difference 
between a and b 
means a – b 
Sign(a) 
means 1 if a ≥ 0 
and (-1) if a < 0

--- Page 418 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
 
418 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR STRUCTURED WARRANTS 
 
These Additional Terms and Conditions (the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants) shall form part of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Warrants and shall apply to any Type of Structured Warrants specified in the applicable Final Terms 
which may be Share Linked Warrants, Index Linked Warrants, SGI Index Linked Warrants, Depositary Receipt Linked Warrants, ETF 
Linked Warrants, ETP Linked Warrants, Reference Rate Linked Warrants, Foreign Exchange Linked Warrants, Commodity Linked 
Warrants, Fund Linked Warrants, Credit Linked Warrants, Inflation Linked Warrants, Bond Linked Warrants, Non Equity Security 
Linked Warrants, Future Linked Warrants, Portfolio Linked Warrants, Dividend Linked Warrants or a combination of these types of 
Warrants (the Structured Warrants). 
 
In addition, to these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured  Warrants, the Structured Warrants may also be subject to the 
additional terms and conditions relating to Underlyings and which are the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Share Linked 
Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Index Linked Warrants, the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to SGI Index Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to ETP and to 
ETF Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Reference Rate Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Commodity Linked 
Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Fund Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to 
Credit Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Inflation Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and 
Conditions relating to Bond Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Non Equity Security Linked Warrants, 
the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Future Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Portfolio 
Linked Warrants, the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Dividend Linked Warrants (the "Underlying related ATCs"). These 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants the Underlying related ATCs and  the Additional Terms and Conditions 
relating to Formulae , are together  referred to as the Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
In the case of any conflict between the provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants and the Underlying 
related ATCs mentioned above relating to a particular Underlying, the provisions of the Underlying related ATCs shall prevail. 
 
  
The payment of any amount in respect of a Type of Structured Warrants subject to these Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Warrants may be determined or calculated by reference to one or more than one Product Formula (such Product Formula 
as described in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae based on or referring to one or more than one Underlying 
or referring to one or more than one credit event or bond event if a Reference of the Product (such Reference of the Product as 
described in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Formulae) is specified for this Type of Structured Warrants in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
Some of the provisions in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants may not apply (or may not apply to the same 
extent) in respect of   Warrants to be listed and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market or a multilateral trading facility organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as specified below. 
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
 
For the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured  Warrants 
 
Product Formula and Reference of the Product shall have the same meaning as  in the Additional Terms and Conditions relating 
to Formulae. 
 
Underlying shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2. ADMINISTRATOR/BENCHMARK EVENT 
 
This Condition applies if the applicable Final Terms specify that "EU Benchmarks Regulation - Benchmark" is applicable.  
 
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Benchmark Event affecting an Underlying 
(the Affected Underlying) on or after the Issue Date the Calculation Agent may: 
 
(A) adjust the Affected Underlying as it may determine appropriate to account for the relevant event or circumstance and, without 
limitation, such adjustments may include selecting a successor Underlying which is representative of the same economic or 
geographic sector, and making any other change or adjustment to the terms of the Structured Warrants including where applicable to 
reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the successor Underlying and, in the case of more than one 
successor Underlying, making provision for allocation of exposure between the successor Underlyings; or 
 
(B) If the Calculation Agent has not made an adjustment in accordance with A above, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, 
may either: 
 
 
(i) consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Warrants (hereafter an Early Termination Event). In that 
case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Structured Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid an Early Termination 
Settlement Amount based on the Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or

--- Page 419 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
 
419 
(ii) apply “Monetisation until the Expiration Date of the Warrants” as defined in Condition 6.8  of the General Terms and Conditions 
 
Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to Warrants to be listed on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
 
Where: 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, for a Benchmark, any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent 
authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that either the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity is 
not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Warrants.  
 
Benchmark means any figure which is a benchmark as defined in the EU BMR and where any amount payable or deliverable under 
the  Structured Warrants, or the value of the  Structured Warrants, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Benchmark  Event means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the following has occurred or will occur: 
(i) a Benchmark Cessation;  
(ii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or 
(iii) a Benchmark which is a Reference Rate as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference Rate, the subject of any market-wide 
development (which may be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is, on a specified date (the 
“Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established in order to comply with the 
recommendations in the Financial Stability Board’s paper titled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 2014. 
 
EU BMR means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended. 
 
Benchmark Cessation means, for a Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events: 
 
(i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, 
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; 
 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark, the central 
bank for the currency of the Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the  administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the Benchmark has ceased or 
will cease to provide the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is 
no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark; or 
 
(iii) in respect of a Benchmark, a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
such Benchmark announcing that (a) the regulatory supervisor has determined that such Benchmark is no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is 
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored and (b) it is being made in the awareness that the statement 
or publication will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor 
(howsoever described) in contracts; 
 
(iv) any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is actually defined or described in the 
definition of the Benchmark) in relation to which a Priority Fallback (as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference 
Rate Linked Warrants) is specified. 
 
If, for a Benchmark, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
also constitutes a Benchmark Cessation or (ii) a Benchmark Cessation and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would otherwise be 
continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Benchmark Cessation and will not constitute or give rise to an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
 
3.  CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, INSOLVENCY 
FILING AND CONSEQUENCES  
 
The following Conditions will not apply to Structured Warrants that are Commodity Linked Warrants, Fund Linked Warrants, ETF 
Linked Warrants, ETP Linked Warrants  or Portfolio Linked Warrants but shall apply to any other Structured Warrants. 
 
The occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events relating to an Underlying 
(the Affected Underlying) and/or Reference Entity(ies) (the Affected Reference Entity(ies)) and/or Bond(s) (the Affected Bond(s)) 
on or after the Issue Date shall constitute an Extraordinary Event: 
 
(i) Change in Law  means in respect of Structured Warrants that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or Bond(s) and/or Reference 
Entity(ies), that, on or after the first to occur of (a) the Issue Date, (b) the trade date of any Hedge Position, and (c) the first Valuation 
Date of the Structured Warrants (if applicable) (i) due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law or regulation (including

--- Page 420 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
 
420 
without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements and, with respect to SGI Index Linked 
Warrants only, any regulation, rule or procedure of any Exchange on which any Index Component or any component thereof is traded) 
(the Applicable Law and Regulation) or (ii) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or 
brought in a court of competent jurisdiction), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (a) in respect of Underlyings, Bonds 
or Reference Entities negotiated or located in AEJ Closed Markets, it will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will,  within the next 
30 calendar days, but before the Expiration Date of the Warrants, become, or it has become illegal and (b) in respect of any other 
Underlying, it has become illegal, for Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to maintain the agreement entered into with Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer of the Warrants relating to the Underlying of the Structured Warrants and/or Reference 
Entity(ies) and/or Bond(s). 
 
Where: 
 
AEJ Closed Markets means People’s Republic of China, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, Philippines, Taiwan, Thailand, 
Vietnam.  
 
(ii) Hedging Disruption means,  unless it being specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Structured 
Warrants that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or Reference Entity(ies) and/or Bond(s), that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind and/or 
dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (or any other relevant price risk including, 
without limitation, the bond price risk, credit price risk, currency risk, equity price risk, dividend risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange 
risk, warrant price risk) of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Structured Warrants or any agreement 
entered into by the Issuer with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Structured Warrants; or (b) freely realise, 
recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of any Hedge Positions or any agreement entered into by the Issuer with 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Structured Warrants (either between accounts within the jurisdiction of the 
Hedge Positions (the Affected Jurisdiction) or, as the case may be, from accounts within the Affected Jurisdiction to accounts 
situated outside of the Affected Jurisdiction); or (c) (only in the case of Bond(s)) receive or be likely to receive under the Bond(s) the 
payment of any sum due and payable under the Bond(s), but without a Bond Event Determination Date having occurred. 
 
(iii) Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless it being specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in respect of 
Structured Warrants that have one or more Underlying(s) and/or Reference Entity(ies) and/or Bond(s), that Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date(s) on which Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Structured Warrants) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (or any other relevant price risk including, without limitation, the bond price risk, 
credit price risk, currency risk, equity price risk, dividend risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk, warrant price risk) of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Structured Warrants or any agreement entered into by the Issuer with Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Structured Warrants or (b) freely realise, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer 
the proceeds of any Hedge Positions or any agreement entered into by the Issuer with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in 
relation to the Structured Warrants. 
 
(iv) Holding Limit Event means, unless it is being specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms and  except in case of 
Bond Linked Structured Warrants, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, that Societe 
Generale together with its affiliates, in aggregate hold, an interest in any one restricted Underlying or Underlying component, as the 
case may be, constituting or likely to constitute (directly or indirectly) ownership, control or the power to vote a percentage of any 
class of voting securities of the Underlying, or the Underlying component or, of the issuer of such Underlying or such Underlying 
component, in excess of a percentage permitted or advisable, as determined by Societe Generale, for the purpose of its compliance 
with the Volcker Rule, including any requests, regulations, rules, guidelines or directives made by the relevant governmental authority 
under, or issued by the relevant governmental authority in connection with, such statutes. 
 
Where:  
 
Volcker Rule means the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 as amended by Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and Consumer Protection Act 
 
(v) In respect of  any Underlying that is a Share, a Depositary Receipt, a Dividend,  a Preference Share or a Warrant, Insolvency 
Filing means, in respect of Structured Warrants that have one or more Underlying(s) that the Company institutes or has instituted 
against it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the 
jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it consents to 
such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and not consented to by the Company shall 
not be deemed an Insolvency Filing. 
 
In the case of occurrence of an Extraordinary Event as defined above, the Calculation Agent may: 
 
(A) replace the Affected Underlying by a new Underlying, the Affected Reference Entity by a new reference entity or the Affected 
Bond by a new bond, as the case may be, which is representative of the same economic or geographic sector; or 
 
(B) in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging only, deduct:

--- Page 421 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
 
421 
 
 
 
(i)  in the case of Structured Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) 
due under the Structured Warrants, as the case may be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-
linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) and (b) in 
the absence of any Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement 
Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount in respect of the Structured Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on 
the Settlement Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new, or any increase 
of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Structured Warrants, 
such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants (such reduction being the Reduction Amount and the 
result of such deduction being floored at zero); or  
 
(ii)     in the case of Structured Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, any Physical Delivery Amount, Event-Linked Early 
Settlement Price, Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount which is calculated 
in connection with the Structured Warrants shall be reduced by the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero).  
 
If the Calculation Agent has not made a replacement in accordance with (A) above (or a deduction in accordance with (B) above in 
the case of Increased Cost of Hedging only), then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, may either: 
 
(C) consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination Event). In that 
case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, (i) in the case of Cash 
Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in 
Condition 6.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the 
Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(D) apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions). 
 
 
Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to Warrants to be listed on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
 
4.  PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO SHARE LINKED WARRANTS, DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED WARRANTS, SGI INDEX 
LINKED WARRANTS AND INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
4.1 DEFINITIONS  
 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, in respect of an Underlying that is not a Depositary Receipt, at any time, Hedge Positions that 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, would 
consider necessary to hedge the Structured Warrants at that time. 
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.2 below). 
 
Basket means a basket composed of the Underlying (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Underlying 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
China Connect Business Day means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, any Scheduled Trading 
Day on which the China Connect Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the 
China Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
 
China Connect Service means in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the securities trading and clearing 
links programme developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides 
order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides 
clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities. 
 
Company means, in respect of an Underlying that is a Share or a Depositary Receipt the issuer of such Share or the Deposited 
Warrants related to such Depositary Receipts or, if applicable, the relevant entity (including, without limitation, a limited partnership) 
in which an equivalent proprietary unit is held. 
 
CSDCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Securities Depository and Clearing 
Corporation. 
 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, in respect of any Underlying comprising 
the Basket and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which  
 
(a) a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or

--- Page 422 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
 
422 
(b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
(c) in the case of an Underlying being an SGI Index, an SGI Market Disruption Event has occurred; or  
(d) in the case of an Underlying being an Index, the Index Sponsor fails to publish the Closing Price of the Index, 
(e) in respect of a Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the China Connect Service fails to open for order-routing during 
its regular order-routing session. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to an Underlying that is a Depositary Receipt, a Disrupted Day will be deemed to have 
occurred if it has occurred with respect to the Deposited Securities related to such Depositary Receipt.  
 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of an Underlying the corresponding exchange or quotation system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
Underlying has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such Underlying on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). In respect of Deposited 
Securities underlying an Underlying that is a Depositary Receipt. 
 
Exchange means the primary exchange or market of trading of such Deposited Securities. 
 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, in respect of any Underlying 
comprised in the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which each relevant Exchange and Related 
Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, and (ii) (cumulative) (a) where the Underlying is an Index, on which the Index 
Sponsor publishes the Closing Price of such Index, or (b) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, that is a 
China Connect Business Day. 
 
HKSCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company 
Limited. 
 
Hong Kong means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the People's Republic of China. 
 
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange is located. 
 
Local Taxes means, in respect of an Underlying, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including interest and penalties 
thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a Hypothetical 
Investor in connection with any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall net income 
of the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an Underlying, the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an 
Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (C) an Early Closure, or (D) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, 
a China Connect Disruption, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour 
period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (E) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, a China 
Connect Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
 
A. Trading Disruption means, in respect of an Underlying, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Underlying on the Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant 
Exchange(s) any security that comprises of the relevant Index or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying on any 
relevant Related Exchange; 
 
B. Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an Underlying, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for 
(a) the Underlying on the Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) any security that comprises the level of 
the relevant Index, or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the Underlying on any relevant Related Exchange; 
 
C. Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the 
relevant Exchange(s) relating to any security that comprises the relevant Index or (b) any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the 
case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
 
D. China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders (including in respect of buy 
orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on the Exchange 
or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares through the China Connect Service; 
 
E. China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China Connect Service prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China Connect

--- Page 423 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
 
423 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on the 
Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day. 
 
PRC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong 
Kong, Macau and Taiwan). 
 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of an Underlying (and, with respect to a Depositary Receipt, the related Deposited Securities) 
each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market 
for futures and options contracts relating to such Underlying (or the Deposited Securities), any successor exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to an Underlying (or 
such Deposited Securities) has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable 
liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Underlying (or such Deposited Securities) on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange). 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation 
of the issuer of any component security. 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Underlying and in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, (or in respect of 
Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Connect Service), the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange 
(or Related Exchange or in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Connect Service), without regard to 
after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means in respect of an Underlying (or, in the case of a Basket of Underlyings, in respect of any Underlying 
comprised in the Basket and observed separately), any day (i) on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session and (ii) (cumulative) (a) where the Underlying is an Index, 
on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the closing price of the Index or (b) where the Underlying is a Share traded 
through the China Connect Services, on which the China Connect Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular 
order-routing sessions. 
 
SEHK means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Underlying the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of the 
issuer of a component security 
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Underlying, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) unless such day is a Disrupted Day in 
which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4.2 below. 
 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an Underlying, the Scheduled Closing Time provided however that if the Exchange closes prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time of the Exchange. 
 
4.2 CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively) is a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, the Calculation Agent shall determine to apply any of the following 
methods:   
 
 (i) determine that the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such Underlying shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Underlying, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
A. that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for the Underlying notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day,  
 
B. the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying as of the Valuation Time on 
that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall be deemed 
the Closing Price. In case the Underlying is an Index (or an SGI Index), such determination by the Calculation Agent shall be made 
in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the level of that Index (or, as applicable, SGI Index) last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled 
Trading Day of each security or other component comprised in the Index (or, as applicable, SGI Index) (or if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security or other component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good 
faith estimate of the value of the relevant security or other component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading 
Day); 
 
Provided that if the Underlying is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the Underlying affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each Underlying not affected by a Disrupted Day 
shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date. 
 
Provided however that,

--- Page 424 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
 
424 
(a) if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor 
another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date) and the Calculation Agent shall 
make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith estimate of the value or level of the Underlying so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
 
(b) notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Structured Warrants 
on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed 
as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be 
made under the  Structured Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth 
Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the 
determinations described in (B) above at the latest as of the Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate 
of the value or level of the Underlying so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price,  
 
(ii) postpone any payment date related to such Averaging Date or Valuation Date (including, if applicable, the Expiration Date) until 
the fourth Business Day following the date on which a Disruption Event is no longer subsisting. No other amount shall be paid by the 
Issuer in respect of such postponement.  
 
further provided however that: 
 
- all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing system through which the Structured Warrants are cleared and settled, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 425 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
 
425 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE LINKED WARRANTS AND DEPOSITARY RECEIPTS LINKED 
WARRANTS 
  
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants apply 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being    “Share Linked Warrants" or   
“Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants". 
  
1.    GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
 
ADR means an American depositary receipt (or the American depositary receipts in case of a Basket) representing shares issued by 
a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
 
Affiliate means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power 
of the entity or person. 
 
Applicable Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Averaging Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
China Connect Business Day means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the China Connect Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China 
Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
 
China Connect Service means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the securities trading and clearing 
links programme developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides 
order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides 
clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities. 
 
Closing Price means: 
 
(a)    if such Share is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange or the Osaka Exchange Inc., the last traded price of such Share for the 
day quoted by the Exchange, provided however, that if there is a closing special quote on such Share quoted by the Exchange 
(tokubetsu kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Price; 
 
(b)    if such Share is traded on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Prezzo di Riferimento, which means the price as 
published by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. at the close of trading and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the Rules of the markets 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such Rules may be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time; 
 
(c)    if such Share is traded on the Nasdaq, the NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP) as of the relevant Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date as reported in the official real-time price dissemination mechanism for the Exchange; 
 
(d)    in any other case, the official closing price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange; 
 
in any case as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below. 
 
Company has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
CSDCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Securities Depository and Clearing 
Corporation. 
 
Depositary means the depositary appointed in the Deposit Agreement or any successor to it from time to time in such capacity. 
 
Deposit Agreement means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the deposit agreement between the Company that has issued the 
shares that are Deposited Securities  and the Depositary pursuant to which a Depositary Receipt was issued. 
 
Depositary Receipt (or the Depositary Receipts in case of a Basket) means the depositary receipts (including an ADR and/or a 
GDR) representing shares or other interest issued by a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities,  specified as Underlying 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Deposited Securities means the shares issued by a Company held by the Depositary under the Deposit Agreement pursuant to 
which a Depositary Receipt evidencing such Deposited Securities was issued. 
 
Disrupted Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 426 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
 
426 
Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Exchange Business Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
GDR means a global depositary receipt  (or the global depositary receipts in the case of a Basket) representing shares issued by a 
Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
HKSCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company 
Limited. 
 
Hong Kong means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the People's Republic of China. 
 
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Intraday Price means the price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange at any time during a trading session 
on an Exchange Business Day, including the Closing Price. 
 
Local Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the  Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Local Taxes has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Market Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Opening Price means the official opening price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange as adjusted (if 
applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below. 
 
PRC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, 
Macau and Taiwan). 
 
Related Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Scheduled Closing Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
SEHK means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
 
Share(s) means a share, or other equivalent proprietary unit (including, without limitation, a common unit in a limited partnership), of 
the Company (or the shares of the relevant Company in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants provided that if such 
Share is listed and traded on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). Valuation Date shall mean (i) for the purpose of 
calculating the Final Settlement Price, the Scheduled Trading Day preceding the Exercise Date and (ii) for the purpose of calculating 
the Early Settlement Price, the relevant Exercise Date unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant 
to the provisions of Condition 2 below.  
 
Valuation Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
2.    CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS 
 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
3.    ADJUSTMENT EVENTS, EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS–   CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT 
EVENT, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, INSOLVENCY FILING AND CONSEQUENCES - CHINA CONNECT SHARE 
DISQUALIFICATION, CHINA CONNECT SERVICE TERMINATION AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
3.1    Adjustment Events and extraordinary events 
 
3.1.1    Potential Adjustment Events 
 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Share or a Depositary Receipt, any of the following:

--- Page 427 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
 
427 
A.    a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share or Deposited Securities (unless resulting in a Merger Event), 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares or 
Deposited Securities to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
 
B.    a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of (a) such Shares or Deposited Securities, (b) other share capital or securities 
granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Shares or Deposited Securities, (c) share capital, other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
 
C.    an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
D.    a call by the Company in respect of Shares or Deposited Securities that are not fully paid; 
 
E.    a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares or Deposited Securities whether out of profits or capital and 
whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
 
F.    an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other 
shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at 
a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
 
G.    any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
Shares or the Depositary Receipt. 
 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event as defined above, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably 
practicable after it becomes aware of such event determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative 
effect:  
 
(i)    on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements 
relating to the relevant Share used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Warrants and/or adjust any other terms 
of the Warrants as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants 
and (b) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
 
(ii)    on the Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts, provided that an event that has a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the Deposited Securities will affect the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts unless (and to the extent 
that) the Company or the Depositary, pursuant to its authority (if any) under the Deposit Agreement, elects to adjust the number of 
the Deposited Securities that are represented by each Depositary Receipt such that the price of the Depositary Receipts will not be 
affected by any such event (as determined by the Calculation Agent), in which case the Calculation Agent will make no adjustment. 
If the Company or the Depositary elects not to adjust the number of Deposited Securities that are represented by a Depositary Receipt 
or makes an adjustment that the Calculation Agent determines not to have been adequate, then the Calculation Agent may make the 
necessary adjustment to the elements relating to the Underlying used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the 
Warrants and/or any other terms of the Warrants as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations 
of the Issuer under the Warrants (subject to any Local Taxes to be withhold or paid) and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. The Depositary may also have the ability pursuant to the Deposit Agreement to make adjustments in respect of the 
Depositary Receipts for share distributions, rights distributions, cash distributions and distributions other than shares, rights and cash. 
Upon any such adjustment by the Depositary, the Calculation Agent may make the necessary adjustments as the Calculation Agent 
deems appropriate to account for such event.  
 
In its determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares or on the 
Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related 
adjustments to the terms of the Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall take into account (i) any amounts of Local Taxes that would, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection with 
such Potential Adjustment Event and, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services only, (ii) any requirement, 
adjustment and/or limitation that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or more of the 
Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Potential Adjustment Event.  
 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange to options on the Share or on the Deposited Securities traded on such 
Related Exchange.  
 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
 
Offshore Investor means a holder of Shares or Deposited Securities who is an institutional investor not resident in the country in 
which the Company has been incorporated or in which the Exchange, on which the Share (or the Deposited Securities) is (are) listed 
is located (the Local Jurisdiction), for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, whose jurisdiction of residence (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may be the jurisdiction of Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates.

--- Page 428 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
 
428 
 
3.1.2    Extraordinary events and consequences 
 
A.    Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging 
Date of the opening of an Offering Period relating to a Merger Event, a De-merger Event, a Tender Offer, a De-listing Event, an 
Insolvency or a Nationalisation, in respect of (i) the Company or issuance of Shares by the Company, as applicable (an Affected 
Share) or (ii) a Depositary Receipt (an Affected Depositary Receipt), then during such Offering Period, the Calculation Agent may 
decide in good faith to apply Method of Substitution with respect to the Affected Share or Affected Depositary Receipt as the case 
may be. 
 
B.    If the Calculation Agent decides not to apply Method of Substitution during the Offering Period with respect to the Affected Share 
or the Affected Depositary Receipt, then: 
 
(a)    in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), from the Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the 
case may be), and/or upon consummation of the Merger Event (or the Tender Offer as the case may be), until the sixtieth Business 
Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith, shall apply, in relation to Share-for-Share, Share-for-Other and Share-for-
Combined, either: 
 
    (x)    Calculation Agent Adjustment and/or  
 
    (y)    Method of Substitution 
 
(b)    in the case of a Merger Event affecting two Shares or two Depositary Receipts comprised in a Basket, the Calculation Agent will 
either: 
 
   (x)    continue with the share or the Depositary Receipt resulting from the Merger Event and in order to maintain the original number 
of companies in the Basket, a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt (as applicable) will be elected and included in the 
Basket;  
 
   (y)    substitute both Shares or Depositary Receipts with two Substitute Shares or Substitute Depositary Receipt selected as 
described in the Method of Substitution; 
 
(c)    in respect of a De-merger Event, from the De-merger Date, and/or upon consummation of the De-merger Event, until the sixtieth 
Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent will either: 
 
    (x)    replace the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with the shares or depositary receipts of the successor 
companies;  
 
    (y)    substitute one or more share(s) or depositary receipt(s) resulting from such De-merger Event pursuant to the Method of 
Substitution;  
 
it being understood that, in the case of a Basket, the Calculation Agent shall maintain the initial number of companies in the Basket 
and that in the case where the Calculation Agent has elected to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with 
several shares or depositary receipts resulting from such De-merger Event, such shares or depositary receipts shall be placed in a 
sub-basket and considered as one component of the Basket; 
 
(d)    in respect of a De-listing Event or a Nationalisation, from the effective date of such event, until the sixtieth Business Day 
thereafter, the Calculation Agent may apply the Method of Substitution; 
 
(e)    in respect of an Insolvency, the Calculation Agent will decide either: 
 
         (x)    that the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt will be substituted pursuant to the Method of Substitution;  
 
         (y)    that the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid or whether a condition 
has occurred, if any, as described in the applicable Final Terms, representing the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt 
will be accounted by the Calculation Agent for its fair market value determined at any time as from the date of occurrence of such 
Insolvency until the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date. The determination of the fair market value shall depend upon the 
liquidity of the market and the trading conditions relating to the Share or the Depositary Receipt affected at the time of calculation;  
 
(f) In each case as developed in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, if the Calculation Agent has not retained as the case may be, (x) or if 
in (y) no share or depositary receipt meets the criteria as set out in the Method of Substitution, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
        (x)   apply Condition 6.8 “Monetisation until  Expiration Date” of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
        (y)    consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants. In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its 
obligations under the relevant Warrants and pay to each Warrantholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of any of the events 
described in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above,     an amount pursuant to the provisions of Early Termination as set forth below. 
 
C.    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall use its reasonable endeavours at all times to maintain 
the original number of companies in the Basket as Companies hereunder.

--- Page 429 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
 
429 
 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
 
Calculation Agent Adjustment means, in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), the Calculation Agent 
shall, on or after the relevant Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the case may be), (A) make such adjustment to the exercise, 
settlement, payment or any other terms of the Warrant as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the economic 
effect on the Warrant of such Merger Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) (provided that no adjustments will be made to 
account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or the Depositary Receipt 
or to the Warrant), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of such Merger Event 
(or such Tender Offer as the case may be) by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares or Depositary Receipts traded 
on such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
 
Combined Consideration means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration. 
 
De-listing Event means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, that such Share or Depositary Receipt (or Deposited Securities 
related to such Depositary Receipt): (a) ceases to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing compartment 
of the relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) or (b) has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained in 
inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a lack of liquidity or the 
disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt (or Deposited Securities 
related to such Depositary Receipt)).  
 
De-merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, that the Company relevant to such Share or Depositary 
Receipt is affected by a de-merger including, without limitation, a spin off, scission or any operation of a similar nature. 
 
De-merger Date means the date on which a De-merger Event becomes effective. 
 
Early Termination means that there will be an early termination of the Warrants, in respect of which Warrantholders shall be entitled 
to receive (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, the Early Termination Settlement Amount or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants and subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery 
Amount, determined, in each case, in accordance with Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Fixing Period means the period subject to a maximum of ten Exchange Business Days, which shall expire no later than 90 Business 
Days following the Merger Date, the De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date or the effective date of the De-listing Event, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency during which: 
 
A.    Societe Generale or any of its affiliates sells the Affected Shares or the Affected or Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or 
the Other Consideration, (as the case may be), on the basis of the weighted average of the closing prices of the relevant assets traded 
by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with regards to the relevant Warrants, as observed during such Fixing Period; and 
 
B.    the proceeds of such sale are re-invested in the Substitute Shares, Substitute Depositary Receipt and/or New Shares accordingly 
during the said Fixing Period on the basis of the weighted average of the closing prices of such Substitute Shares, Substitute 
Depositary Receipt and/or New Shares traded by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with regards to the relevant Warrants, as 
observed during such Fixing Period. 
 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Company, voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up 
of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, such Company, as determined in good faith by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Merger Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date upon which holders of the necessary number of the 
relevant Shares or Deposited Securities (other than, in the case of a takeover offer, Shares or Deposited Securities owned or 
controlled by the offeror) to constitute a Merger Event have agreed or have irrevocably become obliged to transfer their Shares or 
Deposited Securities. 
 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt: 
 
A.    any reclassification or change of such Share or Deposited Security (including the change of currency reference of the Share or 
the Deposited Security) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Share or Deposited Security 
outstanding to another entity or person; 
 
B.    any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company with or into another entity (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities): 
 
C.    other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all or part of such Shares or Deposited Securities (other than any of such Shares or Deposited Securities 
owned or controlled by the offeror); or

--- Page 430 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
 
430 
D.    any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its subsidiaries with or into 
another entity in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of the 
outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities but results in the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities (other than Shares or 
Deposited Securities owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 
per cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities immediately following such event. 
 
Method of Substitution means that in the case of a Merger Event, De-merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing Event, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency (regardless of the consideration to be received), in respect of an Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the 
Calculation Agent may consider that the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or, all or part of the 
Other Consideration (as the case may be) is/are converted into cash and that the proceeds will be reinvested either (a) into a new 
share or a new depositary receipt of the same economic sector or into a share or a depositary receipt issued by a company of a 
similar international standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt 
(the Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be) or (b) in the case of Combined Consideration into 
New Shares. In the event of Other Consideration to be received in cash, in the future, the Calculation Agent may consider that the 
cash to be received in the future is discounted in order to immediately re-invest the proceeds then procured in accordance with (a) 
and (b) above. 
 
The sale of the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or the Other Consideration shall be deemed to 
take place during the Fixing Period. The Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be, and the company 
issuing such Substituted Share or, in the case of a Depositary Receipt, the company issuing the Deposited Securities will be deemed 
a Share or a Depositary Receipt and the Company respectively, and the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the 
Warrants. 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary Receipt is substituted, on 
any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean the closing price of such Substitute Share or 
Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is 
equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or the Deposited Securities or all or substantially all of the assets of a Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
 
New Shares means shares or depositary receipts (whether of the offeror or a third party) that are listed or quoted on a recognised 
exchange involved in the application of Method of Substitution or Calculation Agent Adjustment as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
 
Offering Period means the period from and including the date on which the Tender Offer, the Merger Event, the De-listing Event, the 
De-merger Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation is publicly and officially announced to but excluding the Merger Date or the 
De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date, the effective date of the De-listing Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation. 
 
Other Consideration means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of the offeror or a third party). 
 
Share-for-Combined means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or 
Depositary Receipts consists of Combined Consideration. 
 
Share-for-Other means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts consists solely of Other Consideration. 
 
Share-for-Share means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares or Depositary Receipts, may consist) solely of New Shares. 
 
Tender Offer means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, a take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares 
of the Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date on which voting shares in the amount of the 
applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
 
3.1.3    Stop-Loss Event   
 
Unless “Stop-Loss Event” is specified as “not applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, if on any Exchange Business Day between 
the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of a Share or a Depositary Receipt is 
affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Share or the Affected 
Depositary Receipt and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then:

--- Page 431 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
 
431 
A.    the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt by a new share or depositary 
receipt issued by a company of a similar international standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or 
the Affected Depositary Receipt (the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be) and will adjust any 
relevant terms of the Warrants accordingly; or 
 
B.    the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt; or 
 
C.    if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt nor decided to continue with 
the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
(a)     apply Condition 6.8 “Monetisation until the   Expiration Date of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
 
(b)     consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants. In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its 
obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, to each Warrantholder, as soon as possible after the 
occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement 
Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical 
Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary Receipt is substituted, on 
any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean that the closing price of such Substitute Share 
or Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it 
is equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
 
3.1.4    Correction of the Closing Price  
 
In the event that any price or level of a Share or a Depositary Receipt published on the Exchange which is used for any calculation or 
determination made under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public 
by the Exchange after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the  Expiration Date  (or any payment 
date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that 
correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Warrants to account for such correction, provided however that, 
all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
3.2    Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and Insolvency Filing and 
consequences - China Connect Share Disqualification, China Connect Service Termination and consequences 
 
3.2.1    Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and Insolvency Filing and 
consequences 
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging, and Insolvency Filing have the meaning 
given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging or an Insolvency 
Filing relating to a Share or a Depositary Receipt (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as 
specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
3.2.2    China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination and consequences 
 
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following paragraphs apply: 
 
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Issue Date, the Shares cease to be accepted as "China Connect 
Securities" (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service; 
 
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, 
the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect 
Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through 
the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or 
termination is not, or will not be, temporary,  
 
then upon the occurrence of such events, the Calculation Agent may elect, while China Connect Share Disqualification or China 
Connect Service Termination is continuing, to terminate the transaction(s), upon at least two Scheduled Trading Days' notice 
specifying the date of such termination, in which event the Calculation Agent will apply the Early Termination. 
 
3.3. ESG Downgrading Event

--- Page 432 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
 
432 
If ESG Downgrading Event is specified as “Applicable” in the Final Terms, upon the occurrence of an ESG Downgrading Event as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, the ESG Determination Agent may decide either :  
 
(i) 
To replace the Affected Share by a new share (the “New Share”) issued by a Company whose (i) ESG Metric by the relevant 
ESG Rating Agency is at least equal to the Minimum ESG Metric Level and (ii) meets one or more of the ESG Criteria, in each case 
as specified in the Final Terms; and in that case the substitution of the Affected Share by the New Share shall be made, inter alia, on 
the basis of the price at which the Affected Share can be sold and the New Share can be bought by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Exchange as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence  of the ESG Downgrading Event and the determination 
by the ESG Determination Agent. The Calculation Agent may then make the necessary adjustment to the terms of the Warrants used 
to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Warrants and/or any other terms of the Warrants as it determines appropriate 
to reflect such substitution and preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants (subject to any 
Local Taxes to be withhold or paid) and determine the effective date of that adjustment ; 
 
(ii) 
To apply Condition 6.8 “Monetisation until the Expiration Date “ of the General Terms and Conditions; 
 
(iii) 
To consider such event as an event triggering an early redemption of the Warrants In that case, the Issuer shall terminate 
its obligations under the Warrants and pay to each Warrantholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the ESG Downgrading 
Event an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General 
Terms and Conditions. 
 
(iv) 
To keep the terms of the Warrants unchanged (and in particular keep the Affected Share within the Underlying(s) of the 
Warrants). As a consequence, the Affected Share will not be subject to ESG Downgrading Event until the settlement of the Warrants. 
 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of an ESG Downgrading Event and of the decision of the 
ESG Determination Agent pursuant to the above provisions pursuant to Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Upon the occurrence of an ESG Metric Event, the ESG Determination Agent shall determine an Alternative ESG Metric. The 
Calculation Agent shall notify the Warrantholders of the occurrence of an ESG Metric Event and of the Alternative ESG Metric and 
Minimum ESG Metric Level pursuant to the above provisions pursuant to Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Where: 
 
“Alternative ESG Metric” means the ESG Metric selected in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by the ESG 
Determination Agent, in case of occurrence of an ESG Metric Event. An Alternative ESG Metric shall be deemed the ESG Metric. 
 
“ESG Criteria” means : 
A)  the Company of the New Share is incorporated in the same country or geographical area as the Company of the Affected Share, 
B)  the Company of the New Share operates in the same economic sector as the Company of the Affected Share,  
C) the New Share is denominated in the same currency as the Affected Share. 
 
“ESG Determination Agent” means the entity specified as such in the Final Terms. 
 
“ESG Downgrading Event” means that at the latest X days/weeks/months prior to the Settlement Date,  the ESG Rating assigned 
by an ESG Rating Agency to a Company, the Share of which is used as Underlying, including as part of a Basket (the “Affected 
Share”), is withdrawn or reduced below the Minimum ESG Metric Level.  
 
“ESG Metric” means the level of the metric assigned by an ESG Rating Agency to a company measuring its exposure to long-term 
environmental, social, and governance risks, involving issues such as but not limited to energy efficiency, worker safety, and board 
independence and specified in the Final Terms. If an ESG Metric is:  
 
(a) not calculated and announced by the relevant ESG Rating Agency, but is calculated and announced by a relevant successor ESG 
rating agency (the Successor ESG Rating Agency) acceptable to the ESG Determination Agent; or  
(b) replaced by a successor index (the Successor ESG Metric) using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for, and method of, determining an ESG metric as used in the determination of the ESG Metric;  
then the ESG Metric will be deemed to be the ESG metric so calculated and announced by the relevant Successor EGS Rating 
Agency or that Successor ESG Metric (as the case may be). 
 
“ESG Metric Event” means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent,  X days/weeks/months prior to the Settlement Date, 
(i) the relevant ESG Rating Agency (or if applicable the Successor ESG Rating Agency) makes a material change in the formula for 
or the method of assigning the ESG Metric or in any other way materially modifies that ESG Metric or (ii) a public statement or 
publication of information by or on behalf of the ESG Rating Agency announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the ESG 
Metric permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no Successor ESG Rating Agency 
, that will continue to provide the ESG Metric. 
 
 
“ESG Rating Agency” means the entity specified as such in the Final Terms, or the Successor Rating Agency which shall be deemed 
the ESG Rating Agency.

--- Page 433 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Linked Warrants and Depositary Receipts Linked Warrants 
 
 
433 
“Minimum ESG Metric Level” means the minimum ESG Metric Level specified in the Final Terms that must be assigned by the ESG 
Rating Agency specified in the Final Terms to the company selected by the ESG Determination Agent so that its share can replace a 
Share whose Company is affected by an ESG Downgrading Event, as Underlying, including as part of a Basket.

--- Page 434 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
434 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause   "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Index Linked Warrants".  
 
 
1.    GENERAL DEFINITIONS  
 
Applicable Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Averaging Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Closing Price means, in respect of an Index, the official closing level of the Index published and announced by the Index Sponsor, 
as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition [3] below, or (if applicable) the Daily Settlement Price. 
 
Daily Fixing Time means the official time on which the Daily Settlement Price of the relevant future is computed by the Exchange. 
For the avoidance of doubt, when the Daily Settlement Price is computed by the Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the 
Daily Fixing Time will correspond to the end of this period.  
 
Daily Settlement Price means, in respect of an Index and for a day that falls on the last day of quotation of the principal futures 
contract on the Index maturing in the month of such day, the official settlement price of the principal futures contract on the Index on 
such day, determined under the rules of the applicable Exchange at the Daily Fixing Time. 
 
Disrupted Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
ETF Share means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person 
appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary 
investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), 
trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Exchange Business Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit or ETF Share that, from 1 January 2023, the related Fund, the relevant Fund Service 
Provider, the related ETF or the relevant ETF Service Provider, as the case may be (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary 
basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral 
agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale with the FRTB Information and as a consequence, 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the issue date 
of the Warrants) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the trading Book as implemented into French law, in 
holding the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be. 
 
FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable Societe 
Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were 
holding directly the assets of the Fund or ETF, as the case may be; "processable format" means that the format of such information 
can be readily used by Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a software or application commonly used by financial 
institutions to compute its market risk as described above. 
 
Fund means any mutual fund, investment company or other pooled investment vehicle that issues Fund Units (excluding ETF). 
 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or another nondiscretionary investment adviser) for such 
Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
Index means the index (or the indices in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment 
pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below.

--- Page 435 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
435 
 
Index Calculation Agent means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Index, if different from the Index Sponsor. 
 
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that: (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index; and/or 
(b) announces (directly or through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Index on a regular basis. 
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of an Index, the level of such Index on the relevant Exchange at any time during a trading session 
on an Exchange Business Day including the Closing Price. 
 
Local Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants.  
 
Local Taxes has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
  
Market Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Opening Price means:  
 
(i)    in respect of the FTSE MIB index, the value of the index calculated on the Opening Auction Prices (as defined under the Rules 
of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) recorded on a given day, provided that such day is a trading day on 
the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. of the financial instruments making up the Index, having the meaning ascribed thereto in the rules of the 
markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such Rules must be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time, 
and calculated following the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules must be amended 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time;  
 
(ii)    in respect of any other index, the official opening level of such index published and announced by the Index Sponsor, as adjusted 
(if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below. 
 
If, during the Valuation Date, the Opening Price of the Index cannot be determined for any reason whatsoever, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the level of the Index on that Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for, and method of, calculating that Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the event that prevents the determination of the Opening Price of the Index and taking into 
account any other objective element that may be available. 
 
Related Exchange(s) has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Scheduled Closing Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Valuation Date has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Valuation Time has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured  Warrants. 
 
2.    CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS  
 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
3.    ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS - CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, INCREASED COST 
OF HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
3.1    Adjustments and Events  
 
3.1.1    Adjustments 
 
A.    If an Index is: 
 
(a)    not calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent as the case may be, but is calculated 
and announced by a relevant successor sponsor (the Successor Index Sponsor) or a successor calculation agent (the Successor 
Index Calculation Agent) acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or 
 
(b)    replaced by a successor index (the Successor Index) using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for, and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of that Index; 
 
then the Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and announced by the relevant Successor Index Sponsor or Successor 
Index Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as the case may be).

--- Page 436 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
436 
B.    If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent: 
 
(a)    on or prior to a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or if applicable the Successor Index Sponsor) 
makes a material change in the formula for, or the method of calculating, that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent securities 
and capitalisation and other routine events (an Index Modification). For the avoidance of doubt, the following events do not constitute 
"routine events" : a sub-division (split) of the level of the Index or a consolidation (reverse split) of the level of the Index, or any other 
event linked to either the performance or the level of the Index); 
 
(b)    on or prior to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the relevant Successor Index 
Sponsor) or the Index Calculation Agent (or the Successor Index Calculation Agent) as the case may be, fails to calculate and publish 
the level of the Index and such failure is likely to have a material impact on the hedge of Societe Generale or one of its affiliates in 
connection with the Warrants (an Index Disruption);  
 
(c)    the Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the Successor Index Sponsor) permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index 
exists (an Index Cancellation and together with an Index Modification and an Index Disruption, each an Index Adjustment Event); 
or 
 
(d)    for an Index which comprises any Fund Unit or ETF Share, an FRTB Event has occurred; 
then the Calculation Agent shall either: 
 
(x)    calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or whether a condition has occurred, if any, as described 
in the applicable Final Terms using, in lieu of a published level for the Index, the level of that Index as at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event, but using only those securities that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than those securities that have since ceased to be listed on any relevant 
Exchange);  
 
(y)    replace the Index by a new index provided that such index is (a) representative of the same economic or geographic sector (as 
the case may be), and (b) to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one or more OECD 
countries; or 
 
(z)    only in case of FRTB Event, substitute the Index with a Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), where Substitute Index 
means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the affected Index or, in the absence of 
benchmark for the affected Index, as having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the affected Index. 
 
If the Calculation Agent has not retained (x) or (z) and if in (y) no index meeting the criteria (a) and (b) can be selected by the 
Calculation Agent, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
(i)     apply Monetisation until the  Expiration Date   as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(ii)     consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an Early Termination Event). Where 
an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may 
be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Termination Event, (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount 
equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and 
Conditions or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the 
Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
3.1.2    Stop-Loss Event  
 
Unless “Stop-Loss Event” is specified as “Not applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, if on an Exchange Business Day after the 
initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of an Index is affected by a decrease 
of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Index and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), 
then: 
 
A.    the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Index by a new index representative of the same economic or 
geographic sector (as the case may be), and to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one 
or more OECD countries (the Substitute Index) and will adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants accordingly; or 
 
B.    the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Index; or 
 
C.    if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Index nor decided to continue with the Affected Index, the Calculation 
Agent may either: 
 
(a)     apply Monetisation until the    Expiration Date as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(ii)     consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an Early Termination Event). Where 
an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may 
be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Termination Event, (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount

--- Page 437 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
437 
equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and 
Conditions or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the 
Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
3.1.3    Correction of the Closing Price 
 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Index Sponsor and which is used for any calculation or 
determination made under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public 
by the Exchange or the Index Sponsor after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the    Expiration Date 
(or any payment date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable 
as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Warrants to account for such correction, provided 
however that, all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
3.2    Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Increased Cost of Hedging and consequences 
 
    Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meaning given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event or Increased Cost of Hedging relating to an 
Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 438 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
438 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SGI INDEX LINKED WARRANTS 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the "Type of Structured Warrants" is "SGI Index Linked Warrants".  
 
1.    GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
 
Advised SGI Index means an SGI Index for which the Index Rules indicate an Index Advisor, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an SGI Index, each date so specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below. 
 
Barrier Date means a date with respect to which the Calculation Agent determines whether a Barrier Level is reached or any other 
condition has occurred by reference to the level of an SGI Index which Index Rules specify that the only Basket Component “type” is 
“Physical Commodity” and/or “Commodity Contract”, and which includes (1) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) or (2) each date where an American 
Knock-In Event can occur, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If a date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as both a 
Barrier Date and a Valuation Date, it will be considered as a Valuation Date. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
if a Barrier Date falls on a date which is not a Scheduled Trading Day in respect of all SGI Indices which Index Rules specify that the 
only Basket Component “type” is “Physical Commodity” and/or “Commodity Contract”, it shall be postponed to the next following day 
which is a Scheduled Trading Day with respect to all such SGI Indices. 
 
Barrier Level means (i) the level, if any, specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or where none is so specified (ii) the “Knock-
In Threshold” if any, designated in the applicable Final Terms, or where no such level or threshold is designated (iii) the level at which 
an American Knock-In Event is deemed to have occurred in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Basket has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Basket Component means, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Index Rules, any Index Component other than an Underlying 
SGI Index and Market Data. 
 
Closing Price means the official closing level of the SGI Index published by the Index Calculation Agent on the relevant Valuation 
Date, subject to the Index Rules. 
 
Commodity Instrument means (i) an article of trade or commerce such as aluminium, barley, canola, coal, cocoa, coffee, copper, 
corn, cotton, crude oil, diesel fuel, electricity, fuel oil, gas oil, gasoline, gold, heating oil, iron, jet fuel, lead, livestock, lumber, milk, 
natural gas, nickel, oats, orange juice, palladium, palm oil, platinum, rapeseed, rice, rubber, silver, soybeans, steel, sugar, tin, wheat, 
and zinc, and more generally any commodity (the Physical Commodity), (ii) a future, an option, or any other contract traded on a 
regulated or organised market with a Physical Commodity as the ultimate underlying (a Commodity Contract), (iii) a Fund Unit or an 
ETF Share with a Physical Commodity as the ultimate underlying, or (iv) an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, or any other 
similar instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
 
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity Instrument, any event that, in the reasonable opinion 
of the Calculation Agent, disrupts or impairs the determination of the price or level of such Commodity Instrument for a Valuation 
Date, and includes, without limitation, (a)the failure by the relevant Exchange or price source to make public the relevant price for a 
Valuation Date, or the temporary or permanent discontinuance or unavailability of the price source, or (b) the material suspension of 
trading or the material limitation imposed on trading (whether by reason of movements in price reaching the limits established by the 
relevant Exchange within which the price of the relevant futures contract may fluctuate or otherwise) in the relevant Commodity 
Instrument on the relevant Exchange, or (c) the non-opening of trading in a relevant Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange 
on a day on which such Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading provided that all trading in the Commodity Instrument is closed 
for the entire regular trading session on such Exchange on such day, or (d) with respect to a Commodity Instrument which is an 
Underlying Index, the failure by the relevant index sponsor or, as the case may be, index calculation agent, to determine or make 
public the closing level of that Underlying Index. 
 
The occurrence or existence of any such event on a Barrier Date (which is not also a Valuation Date) will not constitute a Commodity 
Instrument Disruption Event with respect to such Barrier Date. Accordingly, such Barrier Date will not be postponed pursuant to 
Condition 2 below. 
 
Debt Instrument means (i) a bond (including a structured bond), a note (including an Euro Medium Term Note), and more generally 
any other debt instrument representing a debt of an issuer, or (ii) any Underlying Index on the aforementioned or (iii) any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) the non-publication of the closing levels 
or market value of the relevant Debt Instrument, (b) the suspension or limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-counter, organised 
or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (c) any event that disrupts or impairs the ability of market 
participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with clearing obligations in respect of, or obtain market values for, the Debt 
Instrument on the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (d) the

--- Page 439 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
439 
unforeseen early closure of the organised or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument is traded, (e) events equivalent 
to (c) and (d) but affecting the trading on a Related Exchange of futures, options contracts or other derivatives relating to such Debt 
Instrument, or (f) if the Debt Instrument is an Underlying Index, the non-publication of such Underlying Index, the announcement of a 
disruption event by the index sponsor or the index calculation agent for such Underlying Index, or any of the foregoing events (a) 
through (e) affecting such Underlying Index and/or in respect of one or more components of such Underlying Index.  
 
Derivatives and Other Instrument means (i) a warrant, an over-the-counter swap, a future, an option, an OTC Option or any other 
contract traded on a regulated or organised market which is not a Commodity Instrument, or (ii) an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned or any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
 
Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) the non-publication 
of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument, (b) the suspension or limitation imposed on 
trading on the over-the-counter, organised or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, 
(c) any event that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, comply with clearing 
obligations in respect of, or obtain market values for, the Derivatives and Other Instrument on the over-the-counter, organised or 
regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, (d) the unforeseen early closure of the organised 
or regulated market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives and Other Instrument is traded, (e) events equivalent to (c) and (d) but 
affecting the trading on a Related Exchange of futures, options, contracts or other derivatives relating to such Derivatives and Other 
Instrument, or (f) if the Derivatives and Other Instrument is an Underlying Index, the non-publication of such Underlying Index, the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor or the index calculation agent for such Underlying Index, or any of the 
foregoing events (a) through (e) affecting such index and/or in respect of one or more components of such Underlying Index. 
 
Disrupted Day has the meaning set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants 
 
Equity Instrument means (i) a Share, a Fund Unit or an ETF Share, which, in each case, is not a Commodity Instrument or (ii) an 
Underlying Index on the aforementioned or (iii) any other similar instrument specified in the Index Rules. 
 
Equity Instrument Disruption Event means:  
 
- in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share or an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned or any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange Disruption which, 
in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, (c) an Early Closure occurring at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (d) in the case of an Underlying Index, any of the foregoing events and/or in respect of one or 
more of its components, the non-publication of such Underlying Index or the announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor 
or index calculation agent thereof. For the purpose hereof: 
 
A.    Trading Disruption means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange 
or otherwise relating to (a) Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or securities or instruments underlying any Underlying 
Index on the relevant Exchange(s), or (b) futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange relating to Shares, ETF 
Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any components underlying any Underlying Index; 
 
B.      Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) Shares, ETF Shares, one 
or more Underlying Indices or securities or instruments underlying any Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange(s) or (b) futures or 
options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange, relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any 
component(s) underlying any Underlying Index; and 
 
C.      Early Closure means the closure on any Scheduled Trading Day of: 
 
(a)    any relevant Exchange(s) relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any securities or instruments 
underlying any Underlying Index; or 
 
(b)    any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to Shares, ETF Shares, one or more Underlying Indices or any 
component(s) underlying any Underlying Index,  
 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Scheduled Trading Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day; and 
 
-    in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds or any other similar instrument 
specified in the Index Rules, the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of (a) Calculation and/or 
Publication Disruption, (b) Fund Settlement Disruption, (c) NAV Determination Disruption Event or (d) in the case of an Underlying 
Index, any of the foregoing events in respect of one or more of its components, the non-publication of such Underlying Index or the 
announcement of a disruption event by the index sponsor or index calculation agent thereof. For the purpose hereof: 
 
A.     Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor 
(including any gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund to delay or refuse subscription

--- Page 440 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
440 
and/or redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official net asset value per Fund Unit by the Fund 
(or by the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of calculating such official net asset value);  
 
B.    Fund Settlement Disruption means a failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on the date 
by which the Fund was scheduled to have paid such amount and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it 
impossible or impracticable for the Index Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of such Fund (and, as applicable, the 
level of the Underlying Index), including without limitation due to (a) the transfer of all illiquid assets of such Fund to a dedicated fund, 
account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (b) the 
restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting 
redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which the Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (c) the 
suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of 
accepting subscription and redemption orders), or (d) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a 
date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed by the Fund's statutory auditors (holdback), in each 
case whether these events are imposed by the Fund without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the 
Warrants or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Warrants and are wholly implemented by the 
Fund after such date; and 
 
C.    NAV Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor) other 
than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or Publication Disruption" in paragraph A above or "Fund Settlement Disruption" in 
paragraph B above affecting such Fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for 
the Index Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of such Fund (and, as applicable, the level of the Underlying Index). 
 
ETF means a fund that issues ETF Shares traded on an Exchange. 
 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person 
appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary 
investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), 
trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
ETF Share means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
 
Exchange means the principal exchange, trading market or quotation system on which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the relevant Index Components (including, as applicable, any securities, indices or other instruments underlying such Index 
Components) are traded, or any successor or substitute exchange, trading market or quotation system. 
 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an SGI Index (or, in the case of a Basket of SGI Indices, each SGI Index observed 
separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which the Index Calculation Agent publishes the Closing Price. 
 
Excess Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects: 
 
(i)    the performance differential (whether positive or negative) of its underlying portfolio relative to the money market rate, which 
means namely that in case of a portfolio performance in line with the money market rate, the SGI Index performance will be zero; or 
 
(ii)    the performance of its underlying portfolio, being a net cash neutral portfolio of purchasing and / or selling positions, which means 
namely that in case of the absence of performance from these aggregated positions, the SGI Index performance will be zero and the 
SGI Index will not deliver the money market rate. 
 
FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit or ETF Share that, from 1 January 2023, the related Fund, the relevant Fund Service 
Provider, the related ETF or the relevant ETF Service Provider, as the case may be (a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary 
basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral 
agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale with the FRTB Information and as a consequence, 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the issue date 
of the Warrants) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the trading Book as implemented into French  law, in 
holding the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be. 
 
FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable Societe 
Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit or ETF Share, as the case may be, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were 
holding directly the assets of the Fund or ETF, as the case may be; "processable format" means that the format of such information 
can be readily used by Societe Generale by using the existing functionality of a software or application commonly used by financial 
institutions to compute its market risk as described above. 
 
Fund means any mutual fund, investment company or other pooled investment vehicle that issues Fund Units (excluding ETF). 
 
Fund Documents means, in respect of any Fund (including any Fund which is a component of an Underlying Index), the constitutive 
and governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating 
to such Fund.

--- Page 441 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
441 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such 
Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
Fund Unit or Unit means, in respect of any Fund, any share or unit of such Fund. 
 
Gross Total Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its underlying portfolio 
including reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other income before the deduction of any tax from such dividends, interest and 
other income. 
 
Hedge Position has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Holding Limit Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such Hedge Positions (including the 
relevant Index Components) taken for the purpose of hedging products linked to the performance of the SGI Index (which for the 
avoidance of doubt may be Societe Generale or any of its affiliates). 
 
Index Advisor means the index advisor, if any referred to in the Index Rules, who, subject to such Index Rules, may advise in respect 
of parameters, composition, modifications, and/or rebalancing of the relevant SGI Index. 
 
Index Advisor Extraordinary Event means, in the case of any Advised SGI Index (1) the Index Advisor fails to maintain any 
authorisation, consent, licence, or registration required under any law, rule or regulation applicable to it and which is relevant to the 
performance of its functions with respect to the SGI Index, (2) the Index Advisor ceases any of its material operations, transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets or is subject to a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, (3) the Index Advisor (a) 
becomes insolvent or bankrupt, (b) enters into an arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c) institutes or has instituted 
against it, by a regulator, supervisor or other similar official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or other 
similar relief, or (d) becomes subject to the exercise of powers by a secured creditor, (4) the Index Advisor, in the commercially 
reasonable discretion of the Index Sponsor exercised in good faith, becomes unable to perform its functions with respect to the SGI 
Index, or (5) the agreement between the Index Sponsor and the Index Advisor governing the Index Advisor’s obligations and duties 
in relation to the SGI Index is terminated for any reason. 
 
Index Calculation Agent means the index calculation agent named in the relevant Index Rules, in charge of calculating and 
publishing the level of the SGI Index. 
 
Index Component means, for the purpose of the Warrants (i) an Equity Instrument, (ii) a Commodity Instrument, (iii) a Debt 
Instrument, (iv) a Derivatives and Other Instrument, (v) Market Data, and/or (vi) an Underlying SGI Index, or any combination thereof 
as specified in the Index Rules. Index Component(s) may be modified from time to time as provided in the relevant Index Rules. 
 
Index Component Event means the occurrence of any of the following events:  
 
A.     for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Equity Instruments: the 
occurrence of an Equity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Equity Instruments;  
 
B.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Commodity Instruments: 
the occurrence of a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Commodity Instruments;  
 
C.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Debt Instruments: the 
occurrence of a Debt Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Debt Instruments;  
 
D.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Derivatives and Other 
Instruments: the occurrence of a Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Derivatives 
and Other Instruments;  
 
E.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Underlying Indices and: 
 
(a)    if the Underlying Index is an Equity Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one or more Equity Instruments: the occurrence 
of an Equity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these Equity Instruments; and 
 
(b)    if the Underlying Index is a Commodity Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one or more Commodity Instruments: the 
occurrence of a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these Commodity 
Instruments;  
 
(c)    if the Underlying Index is a Debt Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one or more Debt Instruments: the occurrence of a 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more of these Debt Instruments; and

--- Page 442 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
442 
(d)    if the Underlying Index is a Derivative and other Instrument or comprises, without limitation, one or more Derivatives and Other 
Instrument: the occurrence of a Derivatives and Other Instrument Disruption Event in respect of such Underlying Index or one or more 
of these Derivatives and Other Instrument;  
 
F.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, Market Data: the occurrence of a Market 
Data Disruption Event in respect of such Market Data;  
 
G.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Underlying SGI Indices: 
the occurrence of an Underlying SGI Index Disruption Event in respect of one or more of these Underlying SGI Indices;  
 
H.    in respect of the SGI Index and/or any of its Index Component, an Index Data Disruption Event; 
 
I.    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise, without limitation, one or more Equity Instruments that is a 
Fund Unit or an Underlying Index composed of Funds, ETF Share or an Underlying Index composed of ETF or any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules: the occurrence of a FRTB Event in respect of one or more of these Equity Instruments, even 
if the Closing Price of the SGI Index is published by the Index Calculation Agent on the day on which such event(s) occur(s). 
 
Index Data means any data (other than Market Data) concerning the SGI Index and/or any of its  Index Component reasonably 
required (i) by the Index Calculation Agent for the calculation of the level of the SGI Index and/or (ii) for the monitoring thereof by the 
Index Sponsor. 
 
Index Data Disruption Event means, with respect to an Index Component, the non- publication of the Index Data relating to such 
Index Component, normally used by the Index Calculation Agent for purposes of calculating the SGI Index. 
 
Index Rules means the rules of the relevant SGI Index as amended, supplemented and/or superseded from time to time, and as 
such rules may be supplemented by the SGI Global Methodology if so provided thereunder. The Index Rules applicable to the SGI 
Index, used as underlying of   an Issue of Warrants, are annexed to the applicable Final Terms of such   an Issue of Warrants and 
are also available to any holder of such Warrants upon written request to the Index Sponsor. 
 
Index Sponsor means Societe Generale acting through its Societe Generale Index (SGI) business unit.  
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of an SGI Index, the official level of such SGI Index published by the Index Calculation Agent at 
any time during a relevant Valuation Date including the Closing Price. 
 
Market Data means (i) a rate (including an interest rate, a foreign exchange rate or a swap rate), a spread, or any other data identified 
as “Market Data” in the Index Rules or (ii) any index or similar instrument relating to the data described in the foregoing item (i) (but 
excluding in any case an Underlying Index or an Underlying SGI Index), and in the case of any similar instrument, it is identified as 
“Market Data” in the Index Rules. 
 
Market Data Disruption Event means with respect to an Index Component that is Market Data, the non-publication of the level of 
any Market Data used by the Index Calculation Agent for the purposes of calculating the SGI Index. 
 
Market Disruption Event has the meaning set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Modified Price Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of a variable exposure 
(which can be higher or lower than 100%) to an index where the Type of Return of such index is Price Return. 
 
Net Total Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its underlying portfolio 
including reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other income after the deduction of any tax from such dividends, interest and 
other income. 
 
OTC Option means an over-the-counter (OTC) option such as, but not limited to, an OTC put option, an OTC call option, an interest 
rate cap, an interest rate floor, a receiver swaption or a payer swaption, or in respect of any SGI Index, any other instrument designated 
as an “OTC Option” under its Index Rules. 
 
Other Return means such other return as described in the Index Rules. 
 
Price Return means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its underlying portfolio excluding 
reinvestment of any dividends, interest and other income. 
 
Related Exchange means each exchange or quotation system where, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, trading has a 
material effect on the overall market for futures and options relating to the relevant SGI Index or Index Components, or any successor 
or substitute exchange or quotation system. 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an SGI Index, any day on which the Index Calculation Agent is scheduled to publish 
the Closing Price pursuant to the Index Rules.

--- Page 443 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
443 
SGI Global Methodology means in respect of an SGI Index: (1) the SGI Indices Global Methodology (the initial version dated 8 June 
2010), (2) the SGI Indices Global Methodology (the updated version dated 1 January 2016), (3) the Global Index Methodology (the 
updated version dated 16 January 2017), (4) the Global Index Methodology (the updated version dated 25 November 2019) or, as 
the case may be, (5) the Global Index Methodology (the most recent version dated 20 July 2020), each of which describes, among 
other things, certain procedures for the calculation and maintenance of such SGI Index as well as important events which might affect 
it and the Index Components thereof, but in any case applicable to an SGI Index only where the Index Rules for such SGI Index 
expressly refer to such methodology. For the avoidance of doubt, the term “SGI Global Methodology” may be construed to include 
further versions of such methodology if any is hereafter published and incorporated by reference under the relevant Index Rules. The 
SGI Global Methodology is available on the SGI website at the following address: http://sgi.sgmarkets.com. 
 
SGI Index means the Societe Generale index (or the SGI Indices in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable Final 
Terms, subject to adjustments pursuant to the provisions of "Adjustments, Events, Monetisation until the    Expiration Date, Change 
in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event relating to SGI Indices" below. 
 
SGI Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any Index Component Event (or similar event described in the relevant Index 
Rules) which has a material effect on the Warrants as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Share means an ordinary share of a company. 
 
Similar Index means, an index whose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the SGI Index, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of an index comprise, without limitation, its formula for and method of calculation, its 
strategy, its currency, the asset class and the geographical or economic sectors reflected in such index. 
 
Total Return – Synthetic Dividend means, with reference to an SGI Index, that such SGI Index reflects the performance of its 
underlying portfolio including reinvestment of all dividends, interest and other income after the deduction of a fixed or formula-based 
dividend from such dividends, interest and other income. 
 
Type of Return means "Excess Return", "Modified Price Return", "Net Total Return", "Price Return", "Gross Total Return", "Total 
Return – Synthetic Dividend" or "Other Return", as specified in the Index Rules. 
 
Underlying Index means an index constituting a Basket Component included in an SGI Index. 
 
Underlying SGI Index means an SGI Index which is itself an Index Component of another SGI Index. 
 
Underlying SGI Index Disruption Event means with respect to an Index Component that is an Underlying SGI Index, the non-
publication of the level of such Underlying SGI Index, or the occurrence of a “disruption event” (howsoever defined in the index rules 
applicable to such Underlying SGI Index) as determined by Societe Generale in its capacity as sponsor or by the index calculation 
agent of such Underlying SGI Index. 
 
Valuation Date means, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the next following Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to 
Condition 2 below . 
 
Valuation Time means, the time on the relevant Valuation Date at which the Closing Price is scheduled to be calculated by the Index 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Index Rules. If the calculation frequency is specified as "Real Time" in the Index Rules, the Valuation 
Time shall be any time during the regular trading session in Paris (or such other place, if any, specified in the relevant Index Rules). 
 
2.    CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS FOR AN SGI INDEX  
 
The consequences of Disrupted Days are set out in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
3.    ADJUSTMENTS, EVENTS, MONETISATION UNTIL THE    EXPIRATION DATE, CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, 
INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, AND HOLDING LIMIT EVENT RELATING TO SGI INDICES 
 
3.1    Adjustments and Events relating to SGI Indices 
 
3.1.1    Adjustments  
 
A.    If on any Scheduled Trading Day, an SGI Index is: 
 
(a)    not published by the relevant Index Calculation Agent, but is published by a successor index calculation agent (the Successor 
Index Calculation Agent), acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or  
 
(b)    advised by a successor Index Advisor appointed by the Index Sponsor following an Index Advisor Extraordinary Event (in the 
case of an Advised SGI Index); or 
 
(c)    replaced by a Similar Index; 
 
then (as the case may be) that index published by the Successor Index Calculation Agent or advised by the successor Index Advisor 
or such Similar Index will be deemed to be the SGI Index so calculated and announced.

--- Page 444 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
444 
 
B.    If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent:  
 
(a)    on or prior to any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Barrier Date, the relevant Index Sponsor and/or Index Calculation Agent 
announce(s) that it/they will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating that SGI Index or in any other way 
materially modifies that SGI Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that SGI Index and/or 
any modification reasonably incidental to such maintenance, in the event of changes in Index Components and other routine events) 
(an Index Modification); or  
 
(b)    on or prior to any Valuation Date, Averaging Date or Barrier Date the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the SGI Index and no 
Similar Index exists or the agreement between the Index Calculation Agent and the Index Sponsor is terminated and such Index 
Calculation Agent cannot practicably be replaced (an Index Cancellation); or  
 
(c)    on any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the Index Calculation Agent fails to publish the Closing Price of the SGI Index other 
than as a result of the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event (an Index Disruption and together with an Index Modification and an 
Index Cancellation, each an Index Adjustment Event); or 
 
(d)    for an SGI Index in respect of which the Index Components comprise (i) one or more Equity Instruments that is a Fund Unit or a 
ETF Share or (ii) one or more Underlying Indices composed of one or more Fund Units or ETF Shares or (iii) any other similar 
instrument specified in the Index Rules, an FRTB Event has occurred; 
 
then the Calculation Agent shall either: 
 
(i)    calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or whether a condition has occurred, if any, as described 
in the applicable Final Terms using, in lieu of a published level for the SGI Index, the level of that SGI Index on the relevant Valuation 
Date, Averaging Date or, in respect of any event described in B(a) and (b) above, Barrier Date as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that SGI Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event, but 
using only those Index Components that composed the SGI Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than those 
Index Components that have since then ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange), and adjust, as the case may be, any of the 
relevant terms of the Warrants; or 
  
(ii)    replace the SGI Index by a Similar Index (except for the case described in (b) above); or  
 
(iii)    consider such Index Adjustment Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an Early 
Termination Event). Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay 
or deliver, as the case may be, to each Warrantholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Termination Event, (i) in 
the case Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined 
in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii), in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the 
Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(iv)    apply Monetisation until the  Expiration Date  (as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions); or  
 
(v)    only in case of FRTB Event, substitute the SGI Index with the Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), where Substitute 
Index means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the affected SGI Index or, in the 
absence of benchmark for the affected SGI Index as having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the affected 
SGI Index. Following the occurrence of the Index Substitution Event, the Warrants shall be governed by the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Linked Warrants for any aspect in relation with the Substitute Index. 
 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt: 
 
in the event of the occurrence or existence on a Barrier Date (which is not also a Valuation Date), of an Index Disruption in respect of 
an SGI Index which Index Rules specify that the only Basket Component “type” is “Physical Commodity” and/or “Commodity Contract”, 
such Index Disruption will not result in the Calculation Agent taking any of the steps described in (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above with respect 
to such Barrier Date. Instead, such date will no longer be considered a Barrier Date, and accordingly the Calculation Agent will not 
determine whether a Barrier Level is reached, or any other condition has occurred, for such date with respect to the SGI Index affected 
by the Index Disruption. 
 
 
3.1.2    Stop-Loss Event relating to an SGI Index 
 
If, on any Exchange Business Day after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing 
Price of an SGI Index is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected 
SGI Index and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then the Calculation Agent may decide to: 
 
A.    substitute the Affected SGI Index by a Similar Index and will adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants accordingly; or  
 
B.    continue with the Affected SGI Index; or

--- Page 445 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for SGI Index Linked Warrants 
 
 
445 
C.     consider such Index Adjustment Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an Early 
Termination Event). Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay 
or deliver, as the case may be, to each Warrantholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Termination Event, (i) in 
the case Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined 
in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii), in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the 
Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with 
Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
3.1.3    Correction of the Closing Price of an SGI Index 
 
In the event that any price or level published by the Index Calculation Agent which is used for any calculation or determination made 
under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public by the Index Calculation 
Agent after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Expiration Date , (or any payment date(s) 
determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that correction, 
and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Warrants to account for such correction, provided however that, all references 
to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to 
rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
3.2    Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Holding Limit Event and consequences  
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event or an Increased Cost of Hedging 
relating to an SGI Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 446 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
446 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR REFERENCE RATE LINKED WARRANTS 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause   "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Reference Rate Linked Warrants".  
 
1. DEFINITIONS  
 
Adjustment Spread means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the Calculation Agent determines is 
required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable, any transfer of economic value from (a) the Issuer to 
the Warrantholders or (b) the Warrantholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of 
the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. 
Any such adjustment may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value as a result of any difference 
in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may 
be positive, negative or zero or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
 
“Administrator” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, the administrator for that Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark or, if 
there is no administrator, the provider of that Reference Rate; or in either case, any successor administrator or, as applicable, any 
successor administrator or provider. 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means, for a Reference Rate, any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of 
the Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that either the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their 
respective obligations under the Warrants. 
 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, in respect of a Reference Rate or an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date from 
which the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark may no longer be used under any applicable law or regulation by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent. 
 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Date” means, in respect of a Reference Rate or an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the date 
from which the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark may no longer be used under any applicable law or regulation by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Calculation Agent.  
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative screen reference rate or underlying benchmark which the Rate Determination Agent 
determines in accordance with this Condition to replace the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark) which is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference such 
Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark (which recognition or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a member 
announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) or that the Calculation Agent 
determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark. 
 
"Applicable Fallback Effective Date" means the Index Cessation Effective Date or the Administrator/Benchmark Event Date.  
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of recognised standing or an independent financial adviser with 
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense. 
 
EU BMR means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended.  
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliate, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligation under the Warrants or any agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer in 
relation to the Warrants.   
 
Leverage Factor means a number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reference Rate means any reference rate which is a benchmark as defined in the EU BMR and where any amount payable or 
deliverable under the Reference Rate Linked Warrants, or the value of the Reference Rate Linked Warrants, is determined by 
reference in whole or in part to such reference rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and specified in the applicable FInal 
Terms as being the Underlying. 
 
“Original Reference Rate” means the original Reference Rate or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the level of the 
Reference (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Warrants, specified in the Final Terms.  
 
"Original Underlying Benchmark" means in respect of an Original Reference Rate the Underlying Benchmark of such Original 
Reference Rate.

--- Page 447 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
447 
“Rate Determination Agent” means an agent appointed by the Issuer which may be (i) an Independent Adviser, (ii) a leading bank 
or a broker-dealer in the principal financial center of the Specified Currency (which may include one of the Dealers involved in the 
issue of the Warrants) as appointed by the Issuer,  
 
(iii) the Issuer, (iv) an affiliate of the Issuer or (v) the Calculation Agent, accepting such role; 
 
Reference Rate  Event means, in respect of the Reference Rate any of the following has occurred or will occur:  
 
(i) a Reference Rate Cessation;  
 
(ii) an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or  
 
(iii) a Reference Rate is, with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Reference Rate, the subject 
of any market-wide development (which may be in the form of a protocol by ISDA) pursuant to which such Reference Rate is, on a 
specified date (the “Risk-Free Rate Event Date”), replaced with a risk-free rate (or near risk-free rate) established in order to comply 
with the recommendations in the Financial Stability Board’s paper titled “Reforming Major Interest Rate Benchmarks” dated 22 July 
2014.  
 
Reference Rate Cessation means, for a Reference Rate, the occurrence of one or more of the following events:  
 
(i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Reference Rate announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate;  
 
(ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the Reference Rate, the central 
bank for the currency of the Reference Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, a 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, which states that the administrator of the Reference Rate has 
ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate; or  
 
(iii) in respect of a Reference Rate, a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of such Reference Rate announcing that [(a)] the regulatory supervisor has determined that such Reference Rate is no longer, or as 
of a specified future date will no longer be, representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Reference Rate is 
intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored and (b) it is being made in the awareness that the statement or 
publication will engage certain contractual triggers for fallbacks activated by pre-cessation announcements by such supervisor 
(howsoever described) in contracts; 
 
(iv) any event which otherwise constitutes an “index cessation event” (regardless of how it is actually defined or described in the 
definition of the Reference Rate) in relation to which a Priority Fallback is specified.  
 
If, for a Reference Rate, (i) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event also constitutes a Reference Rate Cessation or (ii) a Reference Rate Cessation and an Administrator/Benchmark Event would 
otherwise be continuing at the same time, it will in either case constitute a Reference Rate Cessation and will not constitute or give 
rise to an Administrator/Benchmark Event. 
 
“Reference Rate Cessation Effective Date” means:  
 
1. the first date on which the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark, would ordinarily have been published or provided and is no 
longer published or provided; or  
 
2. the first date on which the Applicable Benchmark would ordinarily have been published or provided and is either:  
(a) non-representative by reference to the most recent statement or publication contemplated in paragraph (iii) of the definition of 
Index Cessation Event and even if such Underlying Benchmark continues to be published or provided on such date; or  
(b) no longer published or provided. 
 
Reference Rate(s) means the rate(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Underlying(s).  
 
Reference Rate Fixing has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.1.3 below, in respect of a Reference Rate, the fixing of such 
Reference Rate published on the Valuation Date, on the Relevant Screen Page at the Specified Time.  
 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate 
is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for 
the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising 
either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference Rate, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) 
the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.   
 
Relevant Screen Page means such display page as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of providing a 
Reference Rate, or (i) any successor display page, other published source, information vendor or provider that has been officially

--- Page 448 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
448 
designated by the sponsor of the original display page or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, 
other published source, information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different from the sponsor). 
 
"Replacement Rate" means any rate determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.1 to Condition 
2.1.4.5.2.1.5 or Successor Rate or Alternative Rate determined by the Rate Determination Agent.  
 
“Successor Rate” means an alternative screen rate or underlying benchmark which the Rate Determination Agent determines in 
accordance with this Condition as a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate or Original Underlying Benchmark 
which is formally designated, nominated or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.  
 
Specified Time means, for each Relevant Screen Page, the time (and associated financial centre) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Reference Rate, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (which can be a 
calendar day or a Business Day).  
 
 
2. FALLBACK PROVISIONS  
 
2.1 Generic fallback provisions  
 
If on a Valuation Date which is a Business Day or any other date or period in respect of which the Reference Rate must be determined 
to calculate any amount due under the Reference Rate Linked Warrants, the Relevant Screen Page is not available at the Specified 
Time or if any Index Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent shall apply the procedure  detailed in Condition 2.1.1 below or Condition 
2.1.4.5 below. 
 
2.1.1 ISDA Determination 
 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that  “ISDA Determination” applies in respect of a Valuation Date or any other date or period in 
respect of which the Reference Rate must be determined to calculate any amount due under the Reference Rate Linked Warrants, 
the Reference Rate will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the margin(s) (the Margin(s)), (if 
any), which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be also referred to as the spread(s) (the Spread(s)) in the applicable Final Terms) 
multiplied by any leverage factor (the Leverage Factor). 
 
For the purposes of  this paragraph, ISDA Rate for a period in respect of which the Reference Rate must be determined to calculate 
any amount due under the Reference Rate Linked Warrants means, subject to the provisions of Condition 2.1.4.5 below, a rate equal 
to the Reference Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent or any other person specified in the Final Terms, under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent or that other person were acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as defined below) and under which: 
 
(1) the Reference Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(2) the Designated Expiration is a period specified in the Final Terms; and 
(3) the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the Final Terms; 
 
(the "Hypothetical Swap Transaction") 
 
For the purposes of this subparagraph, Reference Rate, Calculation Agent, Reference Rate Option, Designated Expiration, 
Reset Date and Euro-zone have the meanings given to those terms in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the 2021 ISDA Definitions) and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche Warrants. 
 
Except if the provisions of 2.1.2 or 2.1.3 apply, in the Final Terms, when Final Terms specifies that the rate is determined by linear 
interpolation, in respect of a Valuation Date or any other date or period in respect of which the Reference Rate must be determined 
to calculate any amount due under the Reference Rate Linked Warrants, the Reference Rate shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate Option, one of which shall 
be determined as if the Designated Expiration were the period of time for which rates are available of next shorter length before the 
length of the relevant period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Expiration were the period of time, for 
which rates are available of next longer length after the length of the relevant period. 
 
2.1.2 Standard Screen Rate Determination  
 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that “Standard Screen Rate Determination” applies in respect of a Valuation Date or any other 
date or period in respect of which the Reference Rate must be determined to calculate any amount due under the Reference Rate 
Linked Warrants, the Reference Rate will, subject as provided below, be either/determine with: 
 
(1) the offered quotation; or 
 
(2) the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered 
quotations, (expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case may be,

--- Page 449 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
449 
on the relevant screen page (the Relevant Screen Page) as at the specified time (the Specified Time) on the relevant Valuation Date 
or such other relevant date (for these purposes, the Reference Rate Determination Date), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations. 
 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if in the case of paragraph (1) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the 
case of paragraph (2) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Calculation 
Agent shall request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Valuation Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the 
Reference Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of such offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by any Leverage Factor, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.  
 
If on any Valuation Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided 
in the preceding paragraph, the Reference Rate for the relevant Valuation Date shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Valuation Date, deposits in the 
Settlement Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by the Reference Banks plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by any Leverage Factor or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Settlement Currency for a period equal to that which 
would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Settlement Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately 
the Specified Time on the relevant Valuation Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer 
and the Calculation Agent suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to Reference Banks (or, as the case 
may be, the quotations of such bank or banks to the Calculation Agent), plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and 
multiplied by any Leverage Factor specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Where:  
 
Reference Banks has the meaning given to it, for each Reference Rate, in the 2021 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as 
at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Warrants of the relevant Series. For instance, in case of an EURIBOR rate, the Reference 
Banks will be the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market.  
 
Euro-zone has the meaning given to such terms in the 2021 ISDA Definitions.  
 
2.1.3 Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination 
 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that “Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination” or “Averaged RFR Screen Rate 
Determination” applies and the Reference Rate is based on an overnight risk-free rate (such as and without limitation SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA, CORRA)(each an Underlying Benchmark), the Reference Rate will, subject as 
provided below in 2.1.4.5 , be such Reference Rate which is either (i) a Published Compounded RFR or (ii) a Published Averaged 
RFR, plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), multiplied by any Leverage Factor (and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards). 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, a Published Compounded RFR means the relevant Reference Rate as provided by the 
Administrator to authorized distributors and published at the specified time (the Specified Time) on the Relevant Screen Page (each 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and on a relevant valuation date (specified in the applicable Final Terms), corresponding 
to the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment over a certain  tenor calculated in accordance with any one of the RFR 
Compounding Method described in 2.1.4.1 to 2.1.4.4 below (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, a Published Averaged RFR means the relevant Reference Rate as provided by the 
Administrator to authorized distributors and published at the specified time (the Specified Time) on the relevant screen page ( the 
Relevant Screen Page (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and on a relevant valuation date (specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), corresponding to the arithmetic average of the Underlying Benchmark as observed over a certain period of time (the 
Tenor) calculated in accordance with any one of the RFR Averaging Methods described in 2.1.4.1 to 2.1.4.4 below (each as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
2.1.4 Determination of the Reference Rate based on RFR Compounding Methods and RFR Averaging Methods 
 
If the applicable Final Terms provide that any of “Compounding with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Shift”, “Compounding 
with Lockout” or “OIS Compounding” (each a RFR Compounding Method and together the RFR Compounding Methods) applies, 
the Reference Rate will subject as provided in 2.1.4.5  below, be equal to (i) the Reference Rate corresponding to the rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment over a certain tenor calculated on the basis of an overnight risk-free rate (such as without 
limitation SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, AONIA or CORRA) (each an Underlying Benchmark specified in the

--- Page 450 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
450 
applicable Final Terms) in accordance with any one of the RFR Compounding Methods described in 2.1.4.1 to 2.1.4.4 below, as 
determined on the relevant valuation date (each as specified in the Final Terms) (ii) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), multiplied by any Leverage Factor (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards); or  
 
If the applicable Final provide that any of “Averaging with Lookback”, “Averaging with Observation Shift”, “Averaging with Lockout” or 
“Overnight Averaging” (each an RFR Averaging Method and together the RFR Averaging Methods) applies, the Reference Rate 
for each Observation Period, will subject as provided below, be equal to (i) the Reference Rate corresponding to the arithmetic average 
over a certain tenor of an overnight risk-free rate (such as without limitation SONIA, SOFR, €STR, SARON, TONA, SORA, HONIA, 
AONIA or CORRA) (each an Underlying Benchmark) in accordance with any one of the RFR Averaging Methods described in 2.1.4.1 
to 2.1.4.4 below, as determined on the relevant valuation date (each as specified in the Final Terms) (ii) plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards).  
 
2.1.4.1 Lookback 
 
2.1.4.1.1 If “Compounding with Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Compounding Method, 
the Reference Rate is equal to:  
 
[Product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD × ni) / Day Count Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d 
 
2.1.4.1.2 If “Averaging with Lookback” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, the 
Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[Sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD)] × 1/d 
 
2.1.4.1.3 Definitions for Lookback  
 
For the purposes of 2.1.4.1 and 2.1.4.2:  
 
Applicable Business Day or ABD means, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of the relevant Underlying 
Benchmark of the Reference Rate ; 
 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant relevant period; 
 
d0 is, for any relevant period : 
 
- if “Compounding with Lookback” applies : the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant Observation Period except if the 
first calendar day of the relevant Observation Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is the number of Applicable Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period plus one; or 
 
- if “Averaging with Lookback” applies : the number of calendar days in that Observation Period 
 
Day Count Basis means, if “Compounding with Lookback” applies, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction that customarily 
applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate and which is either 365 or 360; 
 
i is : 
 
- if “Compounding with Lookback” applies: 
 
          a. if the first calendar day in the relevant Observation Period is an Applicable Business Day, a series of whole numbers from 
one to d0, each representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; or 
 
          b.  if the first calendar day of the relevant Observation Period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is a series of whole 
numbers from 1 to 
, where i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the relevant Observation Period, and each of i = 2 to 
 
represents the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the 
relevant Observation Period; or 
 
- if “Averaging with Lookback” applies: a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day in the 
Observation Period in chronological order from, and including, the first calendar day in the Observation Period. 
 
Lookback r means, the number of Applicable Business Days specified in the Final Terms; if none is specified “Lookback r" shall be 
deemed to be equal to 5; 
 
ni means, if “Compounding with Lookback” applies, for any day “i”, the number of calendar days from and including such day “i” to 
but excluding, the earlier of (and excluding) (a) the next Applicable Business Day and (b) the last day of the relevant Observation 
Period;

--- Page 451 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
451 
Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback r ABD means  
 
a) subject to paragraph b) below, for any Applicable Business Day  “i” in the relevant Observation Period, the level of the Underlying 
Benchmark specified in the Final Terms in respect of the Applicable Business Day falling “Lookback r” Applicable Business Days 
preceding “i” provided by its Administrator to authorized distributors and published on the Relevant Screen Page on the Specified 
Time.  
 
b) if a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the Underlying Benchmark Leveli – Lookback r 
ABD for any Applicable Business Dayi – Lookback  r ABD shall be either: 
(i) the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a) and the Daily Floored Rate specified (if any); and 
(ii)  the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a) and the Daily Capped Rate specified (if any), as applicable. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, the level of an Underlying Benchmark in respect of an 
Applicable Business Day "i" corresponding to the Valuation Date may be provided by its Administrator to authorised distributors and 
published on Relevant Screen Pages, on a day (the Reference Rate Fixing Day) which is either the same day as the Valuation Date 
or one or more (the actual number being "p") Applicable Business Days before (" - p") or following (" + p") the Valuation Date 
(e.g.SONIA and SOFR) (with "p" = 0 if the Fixing Day is on the Reset Date); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level i-Lookback 
r ABD shall be the Underlying Benchmark Level published on day i - Lookback r ABD “+ p” or " - p" Applicable Business Day(s); 
 
 
2.1.4.2 Observation Shift  
 
2.1.4.2.1 If “Compounding with Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Compounding 
Method, the Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[Product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i × ni) / Day Count Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d 
 
2.1.4.2.2 If “Averaging with Observation Shift” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, the 
Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[Sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i)]   
 
2.1.4.2.3 Definitions for Observation Shift 
 
For the purposes of 2.1.4.2.1 and 2.1.4.2.2 
 
"Applicable Business Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of the Underlying Benchmark of the 
relevant Reference Rate; 
 
"d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period;  
 
"d0" is: 
 
-   if “Compounding with Observation Shift” applies, the number of Applicable Business Days in the Observation Period; or 
 
-   if “Averaging with Observation Shift” applies, the number of calendar days in the Observation Period. 
 
"Day Count Basis" means, if "Compounding with Observation Shift" applies, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction that 
customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant Reference Rate and which is either 365 or 360; 
 
- if “Compounding with Observation Shift” applies: 
a.   a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant Observation Period; or 
 
- if “Averaging with Observation Shift” applies: 
b.   a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day in the Observation Period in chronological 
order from, and including, the first calendar day in the Observation Period. 
 
"ni" is, if "Compounding with Observation Shift" applies, the number of calendar days from, and including, the day i to, but 
excluding, the earlier of (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the Observation Period End Date for the relevant Observation 
Period or the Observation Period End Date of the Set in Advance Observation Period as the case may be; 
  
"Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day" means a Business Day in the financial centers specified, as the case may 
be, for such purpose in the applicable Final Terms otherwise if none is specified in the Final Terms, there shall be no Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Day; 
 
"Observation Period" means in respect of the period on which the Reference Rate must be determined, (A) the period from, and 
including, the date "s"  Observation Period Shift Business Days preceding the first calendar day of the relevant period (and the first 
Observation Period shall begin on and include the date falling "s" Observation Period Shift Business Days prior to the Initial Valuation

--- Page 452 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
452 
Date) to, but excluding, the date "s" Observation Period Shift Business Days preceding the last day of the relevant period (the 
“Observation Period End Date") unless (B) a Set-In-Advance is specified as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in which 
case the Observation Period shall be the Set-In-Advance Observation Period;  
 
"Observation Period Shift Business Day" means a day which is both an Applicable Business Day and, as the case may be, an 
Observation Period Shift Additional Business Day; 
 
"Set-In-Advance Observation Period" means in respect of the period on which the Reference Rate must be determined, the period 
that would have been the Observation Period of the immediately preceding the first calendar day of the relevant period, if it had been 
determined on the basis of the definition of Observation Period above provided that in respect of the first calendar day of the relevant 
period, the Set-In Advance Observation Period shall be as specified in the Final Terms (the First Set-In-Advance Observation 
Period); 
 
"Underlying Benchmark Level i" means:  
 
(a)   if “Compounding with Observation Shift” applies, and subject to paragraph (c) below, for any Applicable Business Day “i, the level 
of the Underlying Benchmark specified in the Final Terms in respect of such Applicable Business Day “i”, provided by its administrator 
to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time.  
 
(b)   if “Averaging with Observation Shift” applies, and subject to paragraph (c) below:  
 
     (I) for any Applicable Business Day “i, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of such Applicable Business Day “i”, 
provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages; 
 
     (II) for any day that is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of the preceding Applicable 
Business Day in each case as provided by its administrator to authorised distributors and published on Relevant Screen Pages; 
 
(c)   if  a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the Underlying Benchmark Level "i" shall be 
either: 
 
(i) the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. and the Daily Floored Rate specified (if any); and 
 
(ii) the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. and the Daily Capped Rate specified (if any), as applicable;  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, the level of an Underlying Benchmark in respect of an 
Applicable Business Day "i" corresponding to the Valuation Date may be provided by its Administrator to authorised distributors and 
published on Relevant Screen Pages, on a day (the Reference Rate Fixing Day) which is either the same day as the Valuation Date 
or one or more (the actual number being "p") Applicable Business Days before (" - p") or following (" + p") the Valuation Date 
(e.g.SONIA and SOFR) (with "p" = 0 if the Fixing Day is on the Reset Date); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level i in respect 
of an Applicable Business Day "i" shall be the Underlying Benchmark Level published on “+ p” or " - p" Applicable Business Day(s) 
before or following such Applicable Business Day "i"; 
 
“s” is the number specified as the “Observation Period Shift” in the applicable Final Terms; if none is specified “s“ shall be deemed to 
be equal to 5. 
 
2.1.4.3 Lockout 
 
2.1.4.3.1 If “Compounding with Lockout” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Compounding Method, the 
Reference Rate is equal to: 
 
[Product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i × ni) / Day Count Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d 
 
2.1.4.3.2 If “Averaging with Lockout” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, the Reference 
Rate is equal to: 
 
[Sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i x ni)] x 1/d 
 
2.1.4.3.3 Definitions  
 
For the purposes of 2.1.4.3.1 and 2.1.4.3.2 
 
Applicable Business Day means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of the Underlying Benchmark relevant 
Reference Rate; 
 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant period on which the Reference Rate must be determined; 
 
d0 is, for any relevant period:

--- Page 453 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
453 
- if “Compounding with Lockout” applies : the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant period except if the first calendar 
day of the relevant period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant period 
plus one; or 
 
- if “Averaging with Lockout” applies : the number of calendar days in that relevant period; 
 
Day Count Basis means, if “Compounding with Lockout” applies, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction that customarily applies 
for the Underlying Benchmark of the relevant  Reference Rate and which is either 365 or 360; 
 
i is: 
- if “Compounding with Lockout” applies: 
 
      a) if the first calendar day in the relevant period is an Applicable Business Day, a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the 
relevant period; or 
 
      b) If the first calendar day of the relevant period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is a series of whole numbers from 1 to 
d0, where i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the relevant period, and each of i = 2 to d0 represents the relevant Applicable 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant period; or 
 
- if “Averaging with Lockout” applies: a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day in the 
Calculation Period in chronological order from, and including, the first calendar day in the Calculation Period; 
 
Lockout Date is the date “t” Lockout Period Business Days preceding the last day of the relevant period or, in respect of the last 
Observation Period, the Expiration Date (or the date falling t Lockout Period Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Warrant become due and payable;  
 
Lockout Period is the period from, and including, the Lockout Date to, but excluding, the last day of the period or, in respect of the 
last period, the Expiration Date (excluded); 
 
Lockout Period Business Day means: 
 
- a Business Day in the financial centers specified for such purpose in the Final Terms; or 
- if no financial centers are specified for such purpose in the Final Terms, an Applicable Business Day; 
 
ni is, if “Compounding with Lockout” applies,  the number of calendar days from, and including, the day i to, but excluding, the earlier 
of (and excluding)  (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the last day of the relevant period;  
 
t means:  
- the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
- if a number is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, “t” shall be deemed to be equal to 5; 
 
Underlying Benchmark Level i means  
 
a) subject to paragraph c., in respect of any day i other than a day i in the Lockout Period: 
 
(I)    if such day “I” is an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of such Applicable Business Day 
“i” provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time; or 
 
(II)    if such day “i” is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of the immediately preceding 
Applicable Business Day provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on relevant Page on the Specified 
Time;  
 
b) subject to paragraph c), in respect of an Applicable Business Day "i" in the Lockout Period, the level of the Underlying Benchmark 
determined in respect of the Lockout Date as if the Lockout Date were an relevant valuation date;  
 
c) if a “Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate” is specified in the Final Terms, the Underlying Benchmark Level "i" for any 
Applicable Business Day "i" shall be either:  
 
(I)    the greater of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. or paragraph b., as applicable, and the Daily Floored Rate so 
specified; and 
 
(II)    the lower of the rate determined in accordance with paragraph a. or paragraph b., as applicable, and the Daily Capped Rate so 
specified, as applicable. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, the level of an Underlying Benchmark in respect of an 
Applicable Business Day "i" corresponding to the Valuation Date may be provided by its Administrator to authorised distributors and 
published on Relevant Screen Pages, on a day (the Reference Rate Fixing Day) which is either the same day as the Valuation Date 
or one or more (the actual number being "p") Applicable Business Days before (" - p") or following (" + p") the Valuation Date 
(e.g.SONIA and SOFR) (with "p" = 0 if the Fixing Day is on the Reset Date); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level i in respect

--- Page 454 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
454 
of an Applicable Business Day "i" shall be the Underlying Benchmark Level published on “+ p” or " - p" Applicable Business Day(s) 
before or following such Applicable Business Day "i"; 
 
2.1.4.4 OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging  
 
2.1.4.4.1 If “OIS Compounding” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Compounding Method, then the 
Reference Rate is equal to:  
 
[Product (i from 1 to d0)(1+(Underlying Benchmark Level i × ni) / Day Count Basis) - 1] × Day Count Basis / d 
 
     
2.1.4.4.2 If “Overnight Averaging” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the applicable RFR Averaging Method, then the 
Reference Rateis equal to:  
 
[Sum(for i from 1 to d0) (Underlying Benchmark Level i)] x 1 / d 
 
2.1.4.4.3 Definitions  
 
For the purposes of Conditions 2.1.4.4.1 and 2.1.4.4.2: 
 
Applicable Business Day means, in respect of a Reference Rate, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial center of the relevant currency of the 
relevant Reference Rate. 
 
d is the number of calendar days in the relevant period on which the Reference Rate must be determined. 
 
d0 is, for any relevant period: 
 
- if “OIS Compounding” applies: the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant period except if the first calendar day of the 
relevant period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is the number of Applicable Business Days in the relevant period plus one; 
or 
- if “Overnight Averaging” applies: the number of calendar days in that period. 
 
Day Count Basis means, if “OIS Compounding” applies, in respect of a Reference Rate, the denominator of the Day Count Fraction 
that customarily applies for the Underlying Benchmark of the Reference Rate and which is either 365 or 360. 
 
i is: 
 
- if « OIS Compounding » applies : 
 
          a. if the first calendar day in the relevant period is an Applicable Business Day, a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each 
representing the relevant Applicable Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the 
relevant period; and  
 
         b. the first calendar day of the relevant period is not an Applicable Business Day, then it is a series of whole numbers from 1 to 
d0, where i = 1 represents the first calendar day of the relevant period, and each of i = 2 to d0 represents the relevant Applicable 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Applicable Business Day in the relevant period; 
 
- if “Overnight Averaging” applies: a series of whole numbers from 1 to d0, each representing the relevant calendar day in the relevant 
period in chronological order from, and including, the first calendar day in the relevant period; 
 
ni is, if “OIS Compounding” applies, the number of calendar days from, and including, the day  to, but excluding, the earlier of (and 
excluding) (a) the next Applicable Business Day, and (b) the last day of the relevant period or, in respect of the last period, the 
Expiration Date. 
 
Underlying Benchmark Level "i" means: 
 
for any day "i",  
 
(I) if such day “i” is an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of such Applicable Business Day 
“i” provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the Specified Time; or 
 
(II) if such day “i” is not an Applicable Business Day, the level of the Underlying Benchmark in respect of the immediately preceding 
Applicable Business Day provided by its administrator to authorized distributors and published on Relevant Screen Page on the 
Specified Time. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the rules of an Underlying Benchmark, the level of an Underlying Benchmark in respect of an 
Applicable Business Day "i" corresponding to the Valuation Date may be provided by its Administrator to authorised distributors and 
published on Relevant Screen Pages, on a day (the Reference Rate Fixing Day) which is either the same day as the Valuation Date 
or one or more (the actual number being "p") Applicable Business Days before (" - p") or following (" + p") the Valuation Date

--- Page 455 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
455 
(e.g.SONIA and SOFR) (with "p" = 0 if the Fixing Day is on the Reset Date); in that case, the Underlying Benchmark Level i in respect 
of an Applicable Business Day "i" shall be the Underlying Benchmark Level published on “+ p” or " - p" Applicable Business Day(s) 
before or following such Applicable Business Day "i"; 
 
2.1.4.5 Events affecting Reference Rates and Underlying Benchmarks 
 
2.1.4.5.1 No Index Event has occurred 
 
(i) If Standard Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to 2.1.2 above, for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate, and if 
(x) the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the provisions of 2.1.2 above, and (y) an Index Event has not 
occurred, then the Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the latest (1) offered quotation; or (2) 
arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum), for the Reference Rate(s) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant 
Screen Page as at the Specified Time indicated in the Final Terms or the Specified Time in the principal financial centre of the 
jurisdiction of the relevant Reference Rate, available immediately before the Interest Determination Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) and multiplied by any Leverage Factor. .  
 
(ii) If Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to paragraph 
2.1.3  above, for the purpose of determining the Reference Rate 
 
(aa) if the Underlying Benchmark is any of €STR, SARON, SOFR, SONIA and TONA (each as defined below, the “Major Underlying 
Benchmarks” and each a “Major Underlying Benchmark), and such Major Underlying Benchmark, in respect of the day for which 
it is required to be determined is not published on the Relevant Screen Page by its Administrator or an authorised distributor and is 
not otherwise provided by the Administrator by either (a) the later of (i) the Reset Date and (ii) the Fixing Day or (b) such other date 
on which the Major Underlying Benchmark is required, the level of Underlying Benchmark Level in respect of a day “i” used to 
determine the Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as the last provided or published level of that Major 
Underlying Benchmark as at the Fixing Day or, if no Fixing Day applies to the Major Underlying Benchmark, as at the day on which 
that Major Underlying Benchmark was originally required; or  
 
(bb) if the Underlying Benchmark is other than a Major Underlying Benchmark and is not published on the Relevant Screen Page by 
its Administrator or an authorised distributor and is not otherwise provided by the Administrator by either (a) the later of (i) the Reset 
Date and (ii) the Fixing Day or (b) such other date on which the Underlying Benchmark is required, then the Underlying Benchmark 
Level i in respect of a day ”i” used to determine the Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent (i) pursuant to the 
Temporary Non Publication Fallback of the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix as updated and amended as of the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Warrants when the Underlying Benchmark specified in the applicable Final Terms is also an Underlying 
Benchmark under the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix as if it were the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and using the Underlying Benchmark to 
determine the amounts due under such interest rate swap transaction or (ii) otherwise, as the latest available Underlying Benchmark 
Level provided by its Administrator and published on the Relevant Screen Pages. 
 
 
2.1.4.5.2 If an Index Event has occurred  
 
If an event affecting a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark occurs preventing the determination of the Reference Rate n a 
Valuation Date, the following provisions shall apply.  
 
 
2.1.4.5.2.1 If Standard Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 2.1.2 above or if Compounded RFR Screen Rate 
Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to paragraph 2.1.3 above, and the Underlying 
Benchmark is a Major Underlying Benchmark and:  
 
2.1.4.5.2.1.1 The Major Underlying Benchmark is €STR  
 
(i) If an Index Event with respect to €STR occurs, the rate for a Reference Rate Fixing Day (in all this Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.1 as 
defined in 2.1.4 above) occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to €STR, will be the EUR 
Recommended Rate.  
 
(ii) Temporary Non-Publication with respect to EUR Recommended Rate. If there is a EUR Recommended Rate before the end of 
the first TARGET Settlement Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to €STR but neither the Administrator 
nor authorised distributors provide or publish the EUR Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (iii) below, in respect of any 
day for which the EUR Recommended Rate is required, references to the EUR Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references 
to the last provided or published EUR Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published EUR Recommended 
Rate, then in respect of any day for which the EUR Recommended Rate is required, references to the EUR Recommended Rate will 
be deemed to be references to the last provided or published €STR.  
 
(iii) No EUR Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to EUR 
Recommended Rate.  
 
If:

--- Page 456 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
456 
(a) there is no EUR Recommended Rate before the end of the first TARGET Settlement Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to €STR; or  
 
(b) there is a EUR Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it,  
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to €STR or the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to the EUR Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be Modified EDFR.  
 
(iv) References to EDFR. In respect of any day for which EDFR is required, references to EDFR will be deemed to be references to 
the last provided or published EDFR as at close of business in Frankfurt on that day.  
 
Where:  
 
“€STR” means the euro short-term rate (€STR) administered by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator).  
 
“EDFR” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate on the deposit facility, which banks may use to make 
overnight deposits with the Eurosystem, in respect of that day.  
"EDFR Spread" means  
 
(i) if no EUR Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first TARGET Business Day following the Applicable Fallback 
Effective Date with respect to €STR, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and the EDFR for each of the 30 
TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event or the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event occurred; or  
 
(ii) if a EUR Recommended Rate Index Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the EUR Recommended 
Rate and the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on which the EUR Recommended 
Rate Index Event occurred.  
 
“EUR Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for €STR by: (i) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR); 
or (ii) a committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) and/or 
(b) the European Securities and Markets Authority, in each case for the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which 
rate may be produced by the European Central Bank or another administrator) and as provided by the Administrator of that rate or, if 
that rate is not provided by the Administrator thereof published by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day.  
 
"Modified EDFR" means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), a rate equal to EDFR in respect of that day, plus the 
EDFR Spread.  
 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.  
 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System (known as 
TARGET or T2) or any successor or replacement for that system. 
 
2.1.4.5.2.1.2 The Major Underlying Benchmark is SARON  
 
 
(i) If an Index Event with respect to SARON occurs, the rate for a Reference Rate Fixing Day (in all this Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.2. as 
defined in 2.1.4 above) occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SARON will be the NWG 
Recommended Rate.  
 
(ii) Temporary Non-Publication with respect to NWG Recommended Rate. If there is an NWG Recommended Rate before the end of 
the first Zurich Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SARON but neither the Administrator 
nor authorised distributors provide or publish the NWG Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (iii) below, in respect of any 
day for which the NWG Recommended Rate is required, references to the NWG Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references 
to the last provided or published NWG Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published NWG Recommended 
Rate, then in respect of any day for which the NWG Recommended Rate is required, references to the NWG Recommended Rate 
will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published SARON.  
 
(iii) No NWG Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to NWG 
Recommended Rate.  
 
If:  
 
(a) there is no NWG Recommended Rate before the end of the first Zurich Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to SARON; or  
 
(b) there is an NWG Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it,  
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SARON or the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to the NWG Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be the Modified SNB Policy Rate.  
References to the SNB Policy Rate. In respect of any day for which the SNB Policy Rate is required, references to the SNB Policy 
Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published SNB Policy Rate as at close of business in Zurich on that day.

--- Page 457 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
457 
 
Where:  
 
"Modified SNB Policy Rate" means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day "i"), a rate equal to the SNB Policy Rate in 
respect of that day, plus the SNB Spread.  
 
“NWG Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for SARON by any working group or committee in Switzerland organized in the same 
or a similar manner as the National Working Group on Swiss Franc Reference Rates that was founded in 2013 for the purpose of, 
among other things, considering proposals to reform reference interest rates in Switzerland, and as provided by the Administrator of 
that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the Administrator thereof, published by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day.  
 
“SARON” means the Swiss Average Rate Overnight administered by SIX Swiss Exchange AG (or any successor administrator).  
 
“SNB Policy Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the policy rate of the Swiss National Bank, in respect 
of that day.  
 
“SNB Spread” means:  
 
(i) if no NWG Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first Zurich Business Day following the CHF Fallback 
Effective Date, the historical median between SARON and the SNB Policy Rate over an observation period of two years starting two 
years prior to the day on which the CHF Fallback Trigger Date occurs and ending on the Zurich Business Day immediately preceding 
the day on which the CHF Fallback Trigger Date occurs; or  
 
(ii) if an Index Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to the NWG Recommended Rate occurs, the historical 
median between the NWG Recommended Rate (or, in the absence of the NWG Recommended Rate, SARON) and the SNB Policy 
Rate over an observation period of two years starting two years prior to the day on which the Index Cessation Event or 
Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to the NWG Recommended Rate occurs and ending on the Zurich Business Day 
immediately preceding the day on which the Index Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to the NWG 
Recommended Rate occurs, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent,  
 
where:  
 
“CHF Fallback Effective Date” means the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SARON; and  
 
“CHF Fallback Trigger Date” means the day on which the Index Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to 
SARON occurs  
 
"Zürich Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
(including settling payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zürich.  
 
2.1.4.5.2.1.3 The Major Underlying Benchmark is SOFR  
 
(i) If an Index Event with respect to SOFR occurs, the rate for a Reference Rate Fixing Day (in all this Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.3 as 
defined in 2.1.4 above) occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR will be the Fed 
Recommended Rate.  
 
(ii) Temporary Non-Publication with respect to Fed Recommended Rate. If there is a Fed Recommended Rate before the end of the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR but neither the 
Administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish the Fed Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (iii) below, in 
respect of any day for which the Fed Recommended Rate is required, references to the Fed Recommended Rate will be deemed to 
be references to the last provided or published Fed Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published Fed 
Recommended Rate, then in respect of any day for which the Fed Recommended Rate is required, references to the Fed 
Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published SOFR.  
 
(iii) No Fed Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to Fed 
Recommended Rate.  
 
If:  
 
(a) there is no Fed Recommended Rate before the end of the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day following the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR; or  
 
(b) there is a Fed Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it,  
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR or the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to the Fed Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be OBFR and references to a U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for the purposes of any Fixing Day and any Applicable Business Day shall be read as references 
to a New York Fed Business Day.

--- Page 458 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
458 
(iv) Temporary Non-Publication with respect to OBFR. If neither the Administrator nor authorised distributors provide or publish OBFR, 
then, subject to paragraph (v) below, in respect of any day for which OBFR is required, references to OBFR will be deemed to be 
references to the last provided or published OBFR.  
(v) Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to OBFR.  
 
If:  
(a) there is no Fed Recommended Rate before the end of the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day following the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR, or there is a Fed Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date 
subsequently occurs with respect to it; and  
 
(b) an Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to OBFR also occurs, then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the 
Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to OBFR (or, if the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR or the 
Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to the Fed Recommended Rate (as applicable) is later, a Fixing Day occurring on or 
after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SOFR or the Fed Recommended Rate, as applicable) will be the FOMC 
Target Rate and references to a U.S. Government Securities Business Day for the purposes of any Fixing Day and any Applicable 
Business Day shall be read as references to a New York City Business Day.  
 
(vi) References to the FOMC Target Rate. In respect of any day for which the FOMC Target Rate is required, references to the FOMC 
Target Rate will be deemed to be references to the last provided or published FOMC Target Rate as at close of business in New York 
City on that day.  
 
Where:  
 
“Fed Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for SOFR by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, 
or by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York for the 
purpose of recommending a replacement for SOFR (which rate may be produced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
another administrator) and as provided by the Administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the Administrator thereof, 
published by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day.  
 
“FOMC Target Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the short term interest rate target set by the 
Federal Open Market Committee or, if the Federal Open Market Committee does not target a single rate, the mid-point of the short-
term interest rate target range set by the Federal Open Market Committee (calculated as the arithmetic average of the upper bound 
of the target range and the lower bound of the target range, rounded, if necessary, in respect of that day.  
 
"New York City Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business (including settling payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in New York.  
 
"New York Fed Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Fedwire Securities Service or 
the Fedwire Funds Service of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is closed. References in the Confirmation to “New York Fed” in 
respect of any day shall be construed as a reference to a New York Fed Business Day.  
 
“OBFR” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the Overnight Bank Funding Rate administered by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator), in respect of that day.  
 
“SOFR” means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor 
administrator).  
 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which The Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association (or a successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed 
for the entire day for the purpose of trading in U.S. government securities.  
 
2.1.4.5.2.1.4 The Major Underlying Benchmark is SONIA  
 
(i) If an Index Event with respect to SONIA occurs, the rate for a Reference Rate Fixing Day (in all this Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.4 as 
defined in 2.1.4 above) occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SONIA will be the GBP 
Recommended Rate.  
 
(ii) Temporary Non-Publication with respect to GBP Recommended Rate. If there is a GBP Recommended Rate before the end of 
the first London Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SONIA but neither the Administrator 
nor authorised distributors provide or publish the GBP Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (iii) below, in respect of any 
day for which the GBP Recommended Rate is required, references to the GBP Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references 
to the last provided or published GBP Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published GBP Recommended 
Rate, then in respect of any day for which the GBP Recommended Rate is required, references to the GBP Recommended Rate will 
be deemed to be references to the last provided or published SONIA.  
 
(iii) No GBP Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to GBP 
Recommended Rate.  
 
If:

--- Page 459 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
459 
 
(a) there is no GBP Recommended Rate before the end of the first London Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to SONIA; or  
 
(b) there is a GBP Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it,  
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to SONIA or the Applicable 
Fallback Effective Date with respect to the GBP Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be the UK Bank Rate.  
 
References to the UK Bank Rate. In respect of any day for which the UK Bank Rate is required, references to the UK Bank Rate will 
be deemed to be references to the last provided or published UK Bank Rate as at close of business in London on that day.  
 
Where:  
 
“GBP Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for SONIA by (i) the administrator of SONIA if the administrator of SONIA is a national 
central bank, or (ii) if the national central bank administrator of SONIA does not make a recommendation or the administrator of 
SONIA is not a national central bank, a committee designated for this purpose by one or both of the Financial Conduct Authority (or 
any successor thereto) and the Bank of England and as provided by the then Administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided 
by the Administrator thereof, published by an authorised distributor, in respect of that day.  
 
"London Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
(including settling payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London.  
 
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average rate administered by the Bank of England (or any successor administrator).  
 
“UK Bank Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the official bank rate as determined by the Monetary 
Policy Committee of the Bank of England and published by the Bank of England from time to time, in effect on that day.  
 
2.1.4.5.2.1.5 The Major Underlying Benchmark is TONA  
 
(i) If an Index Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event with respect to TONA occurs, the rate for a Reference Rate Fixing 
Day (in all this Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.5 as defined in 2.1.4 above) occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with 
respect to TONA will be the JPY Recommended Rate.  
 
(ii) Temporary Non-Publication with respect to JPY Recommended Rate. If there is a JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the 
first Tokyo Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to TONA but neither the Administrator nor 
authorised distributors provide or publish the JPY Recommended Rate, then, subject to paragraph (iii) below, in respect of any day 
for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be deemed to be references to 
the last provided or published JPY Recommended Rate. However, if there is no last provided or published JPY Recommended Rate, 
then in respect of any day for which the JPY Recommended Rate is required, references to the JPY Recommended Rate will be 
deemed to be references to the last provided or published TONA.  
 
(iii) No JPY Recommended Rate or Index Cessation Effective Date or Administrator/Benchmark Event Date with respect to JPY 
Recommended Rate.  
 
If:  
 
(a) there is no JPY Recommended Rate before the end of the first Tokyo Business Day following the Applicable Fallback Effective 
Date with respect to TONA; or  
 
(b) there is a JPY Recommended Rate and an Applicable Fallback Effective Date subsequently occurs with respect to it,  
then the rate for a Fixing Day occurring on or after the Applicable Fallback Effective Date with respect to TONA or the JPY 
Recommended Rate (as applicable) will be determined in accordance with the provisions of 2.1.4.5.2.2 below.  
 
“JPY Recommended Rate” means, in respect of any relevant day (including any day “i”), the rate (inclusive of any spreads or 
adjustments) recommended as the replacement for TONA by a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Bank of Japan for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for TONA (which rate may be produced by the Bank of Japan or another administrator) 
and as provided by the Administrator of that rate or, if that rate is not provided by the Administrator thereof, published by an authorised 
distributor, in respect of that day.  
 
"Tokyo Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business 
(including settling payments and dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo.  
 
Any rate determined pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.1 to Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.5 shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
 
2.1.4.5.2.2 
 
(A) This provision applies if an Index Event occurs in respect of a Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark and:

--- Page 460 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
460 
- Standard Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to 2.1.2 above but the Underlying Benchmark is not a Major Underlying 
Benchmark; or  
 
- Compounded RFR Screen Rate Determination or Averaged RFR Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to paragraph 2.1.3 
above but the Underlying Benchmark is not a Major Underlying Benchmark; or 
 
- this Condition 2.1.4.5.2.2 applies pursuant to Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.5 above. 
 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a Rate Determination Agent, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with paragraph (B) below) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with paragraph (C) below) and any Conforming Changes (in accordance with Condition 
2.1.4.6 below).  
 
A Rate Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition shall act in good faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an 
expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, or the Warrantholders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this Condition.  
 
(B) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate  
 
 
If the Rate Determination Agent determines that:  
 
(i) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in (C) below) subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate or Original Underlying Benchmark (as the case may be) to determine the amount due under 
the Warrants for all future payments due under the Warrants (subject to the operation of this Condition 2.1.4.5.2.2.); or  
 
(ii) there is no Successor Rate but there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
(C) below) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate or Original Underlying Benchmark (as the case may be) to 
determine the amount due under the Warrants for all future payments due under the Warrants (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 2.1.4.5.2.2).  
 
(C) Adjustment Spread  
 
If an Index Cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate or an Underlying Benchmark, 
and the Calculation Agent in respect of any rate determined pursuant to Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.1 to Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.5 or the Rate 
Determination Agent in respect of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to any rate determined pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.1 to Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.5, the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology  
 
for determining such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to any rate determined pursuant to the 
provisions of Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.1 to Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.5, the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
 
Provided however that :  
 
(y) if an Index Event has occurred but the Applicable Fallback Effective Date has not occurred as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
then the Reference Rate or the Underlying Benchmark for the relevant Valuation Date shall be determined pursuant to the provisions 
that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark as if no Index Event had occurred. 
 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint a Rate Determination Agent or (ii) neither the Calculation Agent is able to determine a rate pursuant 
to Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.1 to Condition 2.1.4.5.2.1.5 nor the Rate Determination Agent appointed by it is able to determine a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate in respect of the relevant Valuation Date then the Issuer may decide either that (x) that no Replacement 
Rate will be adopted and the Reference Rate applicable to such Valuation Date and the next succeeding Valuation Dates  will be 
equal to the latest available Reference Rate (based on the sequence of levels of Underlying Benchmark available to determine such 
latest available Reference Rate, as the case may be). 
 
2.1.4.6 Conforming Changes  
 
Following the occurrence of an Index Event, the Calculation Agent may make any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including without limitation, changes to the determination dates, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, 
rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction or modification of any time delay or lag between the calculation or observation period 
of a rate and the related payment dates, the application of a mathematical formula to the Reference Rate or Underlying Benchmark 
and other administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the change of Reference Rate or 
Underlying Benchmark by the Replacement Rate in a manner substantially consistent with the prevailing market practice (or, if the 
Calculation Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation 
Agent determines that no market practice for use of the Replacement Rate exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent 
determines is reasonably necessary) and/or in order to adapt solutions provided by the 2021 ISDA Definitions and the ISDA Matrix 
that are designed for the OTC transactions to the context of the Warrants (the "Conforming Changes").  
These conforming changes shall be binding upon the Warrantholders.  
 
(A) Notices

--- Page 461 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Reference Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
461 
 
Any Replacement Rate, Adjustment Spread (if any) and Conforming Changes (if any) determined under this Condition 2.1.4. will be 
notified promptly by the Issuer, after receiving such information from the Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, to the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, and, in accordance with Condition 13, the Warrantholders.  
 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Conforming Changes, if any.  
 
Any Replacement Rate, Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Conforming Changes (if any) specified in such notice, will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Replacement Rate, the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Conforming 
Changes (if any) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Warrantholders. 
 
(B) Survival of Original Reference Rate  
 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 2.1.4.5.2.2 and 2.1.3.6, the Original Reference Rate with its Original 
Underlying Benchmark will continue to apply unless and until these priority fallback provisions fail to provide a means of determining 
the Rate of Interest. 
 
2.2 Specific fallback provisions 
 
For certain products (mainly range accrual products), one or both of the following provisions may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in addition to the generic fallback provisions: 
 
2.2.1 In respect of a Valuation Date which is not a Business Day, the Reference Rate Fixing for such Valuation Date will be the 
Reference Rate Fixing on the first preceding Business Day in respect of such Valuation Date. 
 
2.2.2 In respect of a relevant period on which the Reference Rate must be determined and for the last four Business Days of such 
period, the value of the Reference Rate Fixing on these days shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate Fixing on the fifth Business 
Day preceding the valuation date relating to such period. 
 
2.2.3 In respect of a relevant period on which the Reference Rate must be determined, the value of the Reference Rate Fixing on the 
fifth Business Day preceding the relevant valuation date relating to such period is weighted by a coefficient of five (5), meaning that 
Reference Rate Fixing on the fifth Business Day preceding the relevant valuation date relating to such period is multiplied by five (5).  
 
2.2.4 In respect of the Settlement Date, the value of the Reference Rate Fixing on the fifth Business Day preceding such Settlement 
Date is weighted by a coefficient of five (5), meaning that the Reference Rate Fixing on the fifth Business Day preceding the Settlement 
Date is multiplied by five (5).  
 
3. CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES  
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging relating to a Reference Rate 
(the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Warrants.

--- Page 462 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
462 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATE LINKED WARRANTS  
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants". 
 
1. DEFINITIONS  
 
Averaging Date means the dates specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, 
in which case the provisions of Condition 2 below shall apply.  
 
Closing Price means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate: 
 
(i) unless otherwise expressly specified in the applicable Final Terms of the Warrants, the fixing of such Foreign Exchange Rate 
published by the Price Source (or the Substitute Price Source if (a) the Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not 
available or (b) the fixing of such Foreign Exchange Rate is not available on the Price Source) at the Valuation Time on the relevant 
Valuation Date; or 
 
(ii) if expressly specified in the in the applicable Final Terms of the Warrants, the: 
 
Spot FX Rate, which in respect of a Valuation Date, means the bid price (‘FwdsBid’) published by the Price Source (or its successor) 
in respect of such date; and 
 
Fwd FX Rate, which, in respect of a Valuation Date, means the ask price (‘FwdsAsk’) published by the Price Source (or its successor) 
in respect of that date, provided that: 
If the exact maturity of the ask price is not available on the Price Source, the Calculation Agent will determine the Closing Price by 
applying linear interpolation based on the next shorter and next longer maturities available; and 
If it is not possible to determine the ask price based on the Price Source, the Closing Price will be a rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and having regard to the conditions prevailing in the market. 
 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Disruption Event has occurred.  
 
Disruption Events means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Price Source Disruption, (b) 
an Illiquidity Disruption, (c) a Dual Exchange Rate or (d) any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, is analogous to 
(a), (b) or (c). For the purpose hereof: 
 
A. Price Source Disruption means that it becomes impossible to obtain the rate or rates from which the Closing Price is calculated.  
 
B. Illiquidity Disruption means the occurrence of any event in respect of any Foreign Exchange Rate whereby it becomes impossible 
for the Calculation Agent to obtain a firm quote for such currency in an amount deemed necessary by the Calculation Agent to hedge 
its obligations under the Warrants (in one or more transaction(s)) on the relevant Averaging Date or any Valuation Date.  
 
C. Dual Exchange Rate means that the Foreign Exchange Rate splits into dual or multiple foreign exchange rates.  
 
Foreign Exchange Rate means any exchange rate expressed as X/Y (X and Y are currencies) and specified as Underlying in the 
applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, an exchange rate expressed as X/Y means the number of units (or part units) of 
Y for which one unit of X can be exchanged.  
 
FX Closing Time means the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
FX Opening Time means, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, of one or more 
(a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligation under the Warrants, or any agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer in 
relation to the Warrants. 
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Foreign Exchange Rate, any time between the FX Opening Time and the FX Closing Time on 
a Valuation Date, the level of such Foreign Exchange Rate published by the Intraday Price Source (or the Substitute Intraday Price 
Source if the Intraday Price Source (or any page that may be substituted for it) is not available) at a specific time on the relevant 
Valuation Date. 
 
Intraday Price Source means, the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the Intraday Price is calculated. 
 
Price Source means the published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable Final Terms containing or 
reporting the rate or rates from which the Closing Price is calculated.

--- Page 463 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
463 
 
Substitute Intraday Price Source means the substitute published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (if any) containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the Intraday Price is calculated.  
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event would 
have been open) for business (including dealings in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in the principal financial centres of the Foreign Exchange Rate. 
 
Substitute Price Source means, the substitute published source, information vendor or provider as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (if any) containing or reporting the rate or rates from which the Closing Price is calculated.  
 
Valuation Date means, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day, in 
which case the provisions of Condition 2 below shall apply. 
 
In case more than one Foreign Exchange Rate need to be determined for a Warrant on a date specified as a Valuation Date in the 
applicable Final Terms and such date is a Scheduled Trading Day for one or more of these Foreign Exchange Rates and not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for one or more of the other Foreign Exchange Rates: 
 
(a)    Such date shall be the Valuation Date for the Foreign Exchange Rates for which this date is a Scheduled Trading Day. 
 
(b)    The Valuation Date for the Foreign Exchange Rates for which such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day shall be the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day for each of these Foreign Exchange Rates unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any 
such day is a Disrupted Day, in which case the provisions of Condition 2 below shall apply. 
 
In case a Foreign Exchange Rate X/Y is described in the applicable Final Terms as the combination of two other Foreign Exchange 
Rates (X/Y = X/Z multiplied by Z/Y, with X/Z and Z/Y the Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates) and a day specified as a Valuation 
Date in the applicable Final Terms is a Scheduled Trading Day for one of the Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates and not for the 
other, the Valuation Date for both Intermediate Foreign Exchange Rates (but only for the purpose of determining the Foreign Exchange 
Rate that is the combination of these two Intermediary Foreign Exchange Rates) shall be the first succeeding day that is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for both Intermediary Foreign Exchange Rates unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted 
Day, in which case the provisions of Condition 2 below shall apply. 
 
Valuation Time means the time at which the Price Source publishes the relevant rate or rates from which the Closing Price is 
calculated, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2.     CONSEQUENCES OF A DISRUPTION EVENT 
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively), is a Disrupted Day for a Foreign Exchange Rate, the Calculation Agent shall  
(a) determine to apply any of the following methods: 
 
(x)    determine that the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for such Foreign Exchange Rate shall be the first succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of such Foreign Exchange Rate, unless each of the fourteen calendar days 
immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case, the Scheduled 
Trading Day immediately following such fourteen calendar day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for the 
Foreign Exchange Rate notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good 
faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day and the good 
faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price.  
 
Provided however that, if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the 
provisions above to the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled 
Averaging Date; if on the fourteen calendar day following the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then the Scheduled Trading Day immediately following such 
fourteen calendar day  shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that Scheduled Trading Day immediately following 
such fourteen calendar day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations 
described in (x) above, and the good faith estimate of the fixing of the Foreign Exchange Rate so calculated shall be deemed the 
Closing Price; or 
 
(y)    consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination Event). Where 
an Early Termination Event occurs,the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may 
be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Termination Event, (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount 
equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5.2 of the General Terms 
and Conditions or (ii), in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the 
Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and 
Conditions; or 
(z)    apply Condition 6.8 “Monetisation until the Expiration Date” of the General Terms and Conditions.

--- Page 464 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Foreign Exchange Rate Linked Warrants 
 
 
464 
(b) postpone any payment date related to such Averaging Date or Valuation Date (including, if applicable, the Expiration Date) until 
the second Business Day following the date on which a Disruption Event is no longer subsisting. No other amount shall be paid by 
the Issuer in respect of such postponement. 
 
provided however that all references to the word "second" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 2, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Warrants are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3.    CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT AND 
CONSEQUENCES 
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event or an Increased Cost of Hedging 
relating to a Foreign Exchange Rate (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 465 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
465 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMODITY LINKED WARRANTS 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants apply if in the applicable Final Terms Terms 
specify that the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Commodity Linked Warrants".  
 
 
1. DEFINITIONS  
 
1.1. Commodity Reference Prices  
 
Commodity Reference Price means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of (a) the prices specified for the 
relevant Commodity below, (b) the Closing Price for the relevant Commodity Index specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
AL for a date means the settlement price per tonne of high grade primary aluminium at the end of the second morning ring on the 
LME for cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public 
by the LME for that date (available on the page "LOAHDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
AL3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward high grade primary aluminium on the LME (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on the 
page "LOAHDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MAL3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
BL for a date means the settlement price per barrel of the Brent blend crude oil on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the ICE for that date (available on the page "CO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and on page "CO2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
CC for a date means the settlement price per metric tonne of Cocoa Bean on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the ICE for that date (available on page "CC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CC2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "CCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
CL for a date means the settlement price per barrel of the West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil on the NYMEX of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "CL1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
CO for a date means the settlement price per bushel of No.2 Yellow Corn on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and 
made public by the CBOT for that date (available on page "C1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "C2 Comdty" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Cc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "Cc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
CT for a date means the settlement price per pound of Cotton No.2 on the ICE of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by 
the ICE for that date (available on page "CT1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CT2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page"CTc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CTc2" for as Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
CU for a date means the settlement price per tonne of copper Grade A at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for cash 
delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for 
that date (available on page "LOCADY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
CU3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward copper Grade A on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page " LOCADS03 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MCU3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
DA for a date means the settlement price per 100 pounds of Class III Milk on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made 
public by the CME for that date (available on page "DA1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "DA 2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "DAc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract

--- Page 466 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
466 
and "DAc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
FC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Feeder Cattle on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject 
to Roll Adjustment2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made 
public by the CME for that date (available on page "FC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "FC2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "FCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "FCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
FN for a date means the settlement price per Therm of the UK natural gas on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
(unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in GBP cents, as determined and made public by ICE for that 
date (available on page "FN1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "NGLNc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, 
or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
GI for a date means the settlement price per MWh of the phelix baseload electricity index (Germany/Austria) on the EEX of the Second 
Nearby Month Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in EUR, as determined and made public 
by the EEX for that date (available on page "GI2 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "F1BMc1" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
GL for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of the gas oil on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
(denominated ICE Gas Oil Futures Contract beyond the January 2015 contract month, and renamed ICE Gas Oil Low Sulphur Futures 
Contract with changes in its specification for February 2015 and later contract month) subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page 
"QS1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "QS2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
GOA for a date, means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Gold price per troy 
ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated 
and administered by independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA and published by the LBMA on its 
website at http://www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that date (available on the page "GOLDLNAM index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "XAUFIXAM=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or 
any replacement page or website such as recommended by the LBMA). 
 
GO for a date, means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Gold price per troy 
ounce of Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated 
and administered by independent service provider(s) pursuant to an agreement with the LBMA and published by the LBMA on its 
website at http://www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective on that date (available on the page "GOLDLNPM index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "XAUFIXPM=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or 
any replacement page or web site such as recommended by the LBMA).  
 
GOC for a date, means the settlement price per troy ounce of Gold on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available on 
page "GC1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#GC:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page); provided that:  
(a) Selected Futures Contract means, for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among February, April, June, August and 
December Futures Contract; and  
 
(b) if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract for such date will 
be the second next to expire Futures Contract among February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract.  
 
HO for a date means the settlement price per US Gallon of the New York Harbor ULSD ("Ultra Low Sulfur Diesel (ULSD)") on the 
NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, 
as determined and made public by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "HO1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
KC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Arabica Coffee on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject 
to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made 
public by the ICE for that date (available on page "KC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KC2 Comdty" for a 
Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "KCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
KW for a date means the settlement price per bushel of Hard Red Winter Wheat on the KBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and 
made public by the KBOT for that date (available on page "KW1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KW2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on "KWc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "KWc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract page of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page).

--- Page 467 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
467 
LC for a date means the settlement price per pound of Live Cattle on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to 
Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public 
by the CME for that date (available on page "LC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LC2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LCc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
LH for a date means the settlement price per pound of Lean Hogs on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to 
Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public 
by the CME for that date (available on page "LH1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LH2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LHc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LHc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
MCU for a date means the price per ton of copper Grade A on the LME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the 
LME for that date (available on page "MCU/CLS1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, 
and on the relevant page of the Bloomberg terminal).  
 
NG for a date means the settlement price per MMBTU of natural gas on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas of the First Nearby 
Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public 
by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "NG1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SETNGS" of the Reuters 
Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
NI for a date means the settlement price per tonne of Primary Nickel at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for cash 
delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for 
that date (available on page "LONIDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
NI3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Primary Nickel on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LONIDS03 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MNI3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
OJ for a date means the settlement price per pound of Frozen Concentrated Orange Juice on the ICE of the First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as 
determined and made public by the ICE for that date (available on page "JO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and 
"JO2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "OJc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "OJc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
PB for a date means the settlement price per tonne of the Standard Lead at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for cash 
delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for 
that date (available on page "LOPBDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
PB3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Standard Lead on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page "LOPBDS03 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MPB3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
PDA for a date means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Palladium Price (which 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Palladium Price) per troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLDMLNAM Index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "XPDFIX=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any 
replacement page or website such as recommended by the LME).  
 
PD for a date means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Palladium Price (which 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Palladium Price) per troy ounce gross of Palladium for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLDMLNPM Index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "XPDFIX=" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or any 
replacement page or web site such as recommended by the LME).  
 
PTA for a date means that day's morning (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Platinum Price (which 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Platinum Price) per troy ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLTMLNAM Index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on the " XPTFIX=" page of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or 
any replacement page or website such as recommended by the LME).

--- Page 468 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
468 
PT for a date means that day's afternoon (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) London Platinum Price (which 
may also be referred to as the LBMA Platinum Price) per troy ounce gross of Platinum for delivery in London through a member of 
the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, stated in USD, as calculated and administered by the LME, and published by the LME 
on its website at http://www.lme.com that displays prices effective on that date (available on page "PLTMLNPM Index" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on the "XPTFIX=" page of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page, or 
any replacement page or web site such as recommended by the LME).  
 
RB for a date means the settlement price per US Gallon of the reformulated gasoline blendstock for oxygen blending on the NYMEX 
of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as 
determined and made public by the NYMEX for that date (available on page "XB1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"SETT" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
SB for a date means the settlement price per pound of Sugar #11 on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to 
Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined and made public 
by the ICE for that date (available on page "SB1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SB2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SBc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SBc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
SI for a date, means that day's LBMA Silver price per troy ounce of Silver for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA 
authorised to effect such delivery, stated in U.S. dollars, as calculated and administered by independent service provider(s) pursuant 
to an agreement with the LBMA, and published by the LBMA on its website at http://www.lbma.org.uk that displays prices effective 
on that date (as published on page "SLVRLND Index" of the Bloomberg terminal, or any relevant succeeding page, or any replacement 
page or website such as recommended by the LBMA).  
 
SIC for a date, means the settlement price per troy ounce of Silver on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available 
on page "SI1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#SI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page); provided that:  
(a) Selected Futures Contract means, for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among March, May, July, September and 
December Futures Contracts; and  
(b) if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract for such date will 
be the second next to expire Futures Contract among March, May, July, September and December Futures Contracts.  
 
SM for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of Soybean Meal on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in US. cents, as determined and 
made public by the CBOT for that date (available on page "SM1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SM2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SMc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "SMc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
SO for a date means the settlement price per bushel of Soybean on the CBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll 
Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, as determined and made public by 
the CBOT for that date (available on page "S 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "S 2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Sc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Sc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
WH for a date means the settlement price per bushel of deliverable grade wheat on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, as determined 
and made public by the CBOT for that date (available on page "W 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "W 2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Wc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "Wc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page). 
 
XA for a date means the settlement price per metric ton of the Rotterdam monthly coal on the ICE of the Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms) stated in USD, as determined and made public by the 
ICE for that date (available on page "XA2 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "ATWMc2" of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
ZN for a date means the settlement price per tonne of Special High Grade Zinc at the end of the second morning ring on the LME for 
cash delivery (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the 
LME for that date (available on page "LOZSDY Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "RING=" of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
ZN3 for a date means the official price per tonne of 3 month forward Special High Grade Zinc on the LME (unless otherwise provided 
for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as determined and made public by the LME for that date (available on page 
"LOZSDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MZN3" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant 
succeeding page).  
 
 
1.2. Price Sources

--- Page 469 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
469 
 
Price Source means, with respect to a Commodity Reference Price, the Exchange, Index Sponsor or other entity, as specified in the 
definition of that Commodity Reference Price as the entity which determines and makes public the relevant price.  
 
APX means the Amsterdam Power Exchange N.V. or its successor.  
 
CBOT means the Chicago Board of Trade or its successor.  
 
CME means the Chicago Mercantile Exchange or its successor.  
 
COMEX means the Commodity Exchange Inc., New York or its successor.  
 
EEX means European Energy Exchange or its successor.  
 
ICE means the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. or its successor.  
 
KBOT means the Kansas City Board of Trade or its successor.  
 
LBMA means the London Bullion Market Association or its successor.  
 
LME means the London Metal Exchange Limited or its successor.  
 
London Bullion Market means the market in London on which members of the LBMA, amongst other things, quote prices for the 
buying and selling of Gold and Silver.  
 
LPPM means the London Platinum and Palladium Market or its successor.  
 
NORDPOOL means the Nord Pool ASA (The Nordic Power Exchange) or its successor.  
 
NYMEX means the New York Mercantile Exchange or its successor.  
 
OMLX means the OM London Exchange Ltd. or its successor.  
 
SIMEX means the Singapore International Monetary Exchange, Inc. or its successor.  
 
1.3 Other definitions 
  
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an Underlying, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining an average. With respect to a Commodity, Averaging Date is subject to Commodity Business Day 
Adjustment. With respect to a Commodity Index, Averaging Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Averaging Date is 
considered as a Valuation Date.  
 
Barrier Date means, a date with respect to which the Calculation Agent determines whether a Barrier Level is reached or any other 
condition has occurred, and which includes (1) each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or (2) each date where an 
American Knock-In Event can occur, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If a date is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as both a Barrier Date and a Valuation Date, it will be considered as a Valuation Date. With respect to a Commodity, Barrier Date is 
subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect to a Commodity Index, Barrier Date is subject to Index Business Day 
Adjustment. Unless  specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, Common Commodity Business Day or Common Index 
Business Day, as relevant, is applicable to Barrier Dates.  
 
Barrier Level means the level specified as such or as a Knock-In Threshold in the applicable Final Terms. If not specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms, a Barrier Level means a level for which an American Knock-In Event is deemed to have occurred. 
 
Basket means, a basket of Commodities specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Closing Price for a date means, with respect to a Commodity Index, the closing level of the Commodity Index determined and made 
public by the Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, Index Calculation Agent) for that date.  
 
Commodity means, any of the commodities referenced in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, commodities comprised in a 
Commodity Index or any Underlying Index, if applicable or any commodity otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Commodity Business Day means: (a) when the Commodity Reference Price is a price determined and made public by an Exchange, 
a day that is (or, but for the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event, would have been) a scheduled trading day on that Exchange 
and; (b) when the Commodity Reference Price is not a price determined and made public by an Exchange, a day with respect to 
which the relevant Price Source is scheduled to make public a price.  
 
Commodity Index means the index on commodities specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Commodity Instrument means any Relevant Futures Contract, and as applicable, any commodity comprised in the Commodity 
Index or Underlying Index for which there is no Relevant Futures Contract.

--- Page 470 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
470 
 
Common Commodity Business Day means, with respect to a Barrier Date, a day which is a Commodity Business Day with respect 
to all Commodity Reference Prices specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Common Index Business Day means, with respect to a Barrier Date, a day which is an Index Business Day with respect to all 
Commodity Indices specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Exchange means the exchange or principal trading market specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that with respect to a 
Commodity Index, Exchange means the exchange or quotation system on which the Commodities comprised in the Commodity Index 
are traded, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent, in particular by reason of comparable liquidity relative to the relevant Commodities.  
 
Final Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Futures Contract means, with respect to a Commodity Reference Price and a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date, a standardised 
contract, traded on the Exchange referenced in that Commodity Reference Price, for future delivery of a contract size of the 
Commodity referenced in that Commodity Reference Price, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, (a) if a particular 
date or month is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Futures Contract will be the Futures Contract providing for 
delivery on that date or month, (b) if First Nearby Month, Second Nearby Month etc. is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Futures Contract will be respectively the first Futures Contract, the second Futures Contract etc. to expire (meaning, for the 
avoidance of doubt, to cease trading) on or following the relevant Valuation Date or Barrier Date. 
 
Index Business Day means, with respect to a Commodity Index, any day (a) on which the Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, the Index 
Calculation Agent) and the Underlying Index Sponsor (if any) (or, if relevant, the Underlying Index Calculation Agent) are scheduled 
to determine and make public the Closing Price of the Commodity Index and Underlying Index (if any), as applicable, and (b) which 
is a trading day on the relevant Exchange for all Commodity Instruments.  
 
Index Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity Index, any of the following events: 
  
(A) the failure by the Index Sponsor (if any) (or, if relevant, Index Calculation Agent) to determine or make public the Closing Price of 
the Commodity Index (if relevant). 
 
(B) the failure by the Underlying Index Sponsor (or, if relevant, Underlying Index Calculation Agent) to determine or make public the 
Closing Price of the Underlying Index.  
 
(C) the failure by the relevant Exchange to determine or make public the settlement price for a Commodity Instrument.  
 
(D) the material limitation imposed on trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange, provided that a limitation imposed 
on trading shall be deemed to be material only if (x) the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of 
the Commodity Instrument may fluctuate and (y) the price of such Commodity Instrument is at the upper or lower limit of that range 
(each a “Limit Price”) (the “Trading Limitation”).  
 
(E) the material suspension of trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange, provided that a suspension of the trading 
shall be deemed to be material only if (x) all trading in the Commodity Instrument is suspended for the entire trading day on the 
relevant Exchange or (y) all trading in the Commodity Instrument is suspended during the relevant trading day on the relevant 
Exchange, such suspension is announced less than one hour preceding the commencement of such suspension or trading does not 
recommence prior to the regularly scheduled close of trading in such Commodity Instrument (the “Trading Suspension”).  
 
(F) the non-opening of trading in a Commodity Instrument on the relevant Exchange on any scheduled trading day with respect to 
such Commodity Instrument on that Exchange (a “Scheduled Trading Day”) provided that (X) the non-opening of trading in the 
Commodity Instrument does not constitute a Trading Suspension and (Y) all trading in the Commodity Instrument is closed for the 
entire Scheduled Trading Day (the “Closed Exchange”).  
 
The occurrence or existence of any of the above events on a Barrier Date shall not be considered as an Index Disruption Event with 
respect to such Barrier Date (unless such Barrier Date is also a Valuation Date in which case it shall be considered as a Valuation 
Date).  
 
Index Calculation Agent means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Commodity Index, if different from the Index 
Sponsor.  
 
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity as specified in the applicable Final Terms which (a) is responsible for 
establishing and reviewing the rules, procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant 
Commodity Index and/or (b) makes public (directly or through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Commodity Index 
on a regular basis.  
 
Initial Valuation Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Intraday Price means, with respect to a Commodity and a day, any price at which such Commodity has been traded on the relevant 
Exchange at any time during that day, as determined by the Calculation Agent, such price to include the Commodity Reference Price.

--- Page 471 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
471 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Intraday Price shall have the following meanings:  
 
Aluminium Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which the 3 month rolling high grade primary aluminium has 
been traded at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, 
available on the page "LMAHDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MAL3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Arabica Coffee Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which arabica coffee has been traded at any time during 
that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "KC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KC2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KCc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "KCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
Brent blend crude oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per barrel at which the Brent blend crude oil has been traded at 
any time during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on the page "CO1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and on page "CO2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "COc1" 
for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and on page "COc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor 
Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Cocoa Bean Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric tonne at which the Cocoa Bean has been traded at any time 
during that date on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD (available on page "CC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CC2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CCc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "CCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
Copper Grade A Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling copper Grade A has been traded at 
any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"LMCADS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MCU3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
Cotton No.2 Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which the Cotton No.2 has been traded at any time during that 
date on the ICE of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "CT1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "CT2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "CTc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "CTc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
Deliverable grade Wheat Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which deliverable grade wheat has been traded 
at any time during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "W 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "W 2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Wc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Wc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service 
(or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Feeder Cattle Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which the Feeder Cattle has been traded at any time during 
that date on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2(unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "FC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "FC2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "FCc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "FCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
Gas oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric ton at which the gas oil has been traded at any time during that date 
on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (denominated ICE Gas Oil Futures Contract beyond January 2015 contract 
month, and renamed ICE Gas Oil Low Sulphur Futures Contract with changes in its specification for February 2015 and later contract 
month) subject to Roll Adjustment 1 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"QS1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "QS2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "LGOc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LGOc2" for a Second Nearby Month 
Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Gold COMEX Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Gold has been traded at any time during that date 
on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, as 
determined and made public by the COMEX for that date (available on page "GC1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page 
"0#GC:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, or any relevant succeeding page); provided that:  
 
(a) Selected Futures Contract means for such date the next expiring Futures Contract among February, April, June, August and 
December Futures Contract; and

--- Page 472 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
472 
(b) If such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the Relevant Futures Contract for such date will 
be the second next to expire Futures Contract among February, April, June, August and December Futures Contract.  
 
Gold Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Gold for delivery in London through a member of the LBMA 
authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XAU=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service or on 
page "XAU EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Hard Red Winter Wheat Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which Hard Red Winter Wheat has been traded 
at any time during that date on the KBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise 
provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "KW1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract and "KW2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "KWc1" for a First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract and "KWc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Lean Hogs Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which Lean Hogs has been traded at any time during that date 
on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "LH1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LH2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LHc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "LHc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
Live Cattle Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which Live Cattle has been traded at any time during that date 
on the CME of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "LC1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "LC2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "LCc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "LCc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
Natural gas Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per MMBTU at which the natural gas has been traded at any time during 
that date on the NYMEX of the Henry Hub Natural Gas of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in 
the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "NG1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "NGc1" of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
New York Harbor ULSD Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per US Gallon at which the New York Harbor ULSD has been 
traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "HO1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "HOc1" of the 
Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
No.2 Yellow Corn Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which the No.2 Yellow Corn has been traded at any time 
during that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "C 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "C 
2 Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Cc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "Cc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant 
succeeding page).  
 
Palladium Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce gross at which Palladium for delivery in London through a 
member of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for 
in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XPD=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money 
Rates Service or on page "XPD EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Platinum Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce gross at which Platinum for delivery in London through a member 
of the LPPM authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XPT=EBS" (or any succeeding page) of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates 
Service or on page "XPT EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Primary Nickel Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling Primary Nickel has been traded at 
any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"LMNIDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MNI3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant 
succeeding page).  
 
Reformulated gasoline blendstock Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per US Gallon at which the reformulated gasoline 
blendstock for oxygen blending has been traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "XB1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "RBc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Silver COMEX Intraday Price: means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Silver has been traded at any time during that 
date on the COMEX of the Selected Futures Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in U.S 
cents (available on page "SI1 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "0#SI:" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service, 
or any relevant succeeding page); provided that:

--- Page 473 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
473 
 
(a) Selected Futures Contract means for such date, the next expiring Futures Contract among March, May, July, September and 
December Futures Contracts; and  
 
(b) if such date falls on or after the first notice date of the Selected Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract for such date will 
be the second next to expire Futures Contract among March, May, July, September and December Futures Contracts.  
 
Silver Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per troy ounce at which Silver for delivery in London through a member of the 
LBMA authorised to effect such delivery, has been traded at any time during that date (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "XAG=EBS" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any succeeding page) 
or on page "XAG EBS Curncy" of the Bloomberg terminal (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Standard Lead Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which the 3 month rolling Standard Lead has been traded 
at any time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), available on page "LMPBDS03 
Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MPB3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
Sugar #11 Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per pound at which Sugar #11 has been traded at any time during that date 
on the ICE of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable 
Final Terms), stated in U.S. cents, available on page "SB1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SB2 Comdty" for 
a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SBc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract 
and "SBc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding 
page).  
 
Soybean Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per bushel at which Soybean has been traded at any time during that date on 
the CBOT of First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final 
Terms), stated in U.S cents, available on page "S 1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "S 2 Comdty" for a Second 
Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "Sc1" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "Sc2" 
for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Soybean Meal Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per metric ton at which Soybean Meal has been traded at any time during 
that date on the CBOT of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract subject to Roll Adjustment 2 (unless otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "SM1 Comdty" for a First Nearby Month Futures Contract and "SM2 
Comdty" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "SMc1" for a First Nearby Month 
Futures Contract and "SMc2" for a Second Nearby Month Futures Contract of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
West Texas Intermediate light sweet crude oil Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per barrel at which the West Texas 
Intermediate light sweet crude oil has been traded at any time during that date on the NYMEX of the First Nearby Month Futures 
Contract (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page "CL1 Comdty" of the 
Bloomberg terminal and on page "CLc1" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any relevant succeeding page).  
 
Zinc Intraday Price means, for a date, any price per tonne at which 3 month rolling Special High Grade Zinc has been traded at any 
time during that date on the LME (unless otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms), stated in USD, available on page 
"LMZSDS03 Comdty" of the Bloomberg terminal and on page "MZN3=LX" of the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any 
relevant succeeding page).  
 
For a Commodity Business Day falling on the last trade date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract 
will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, forthe avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which as of the day 
immediately preceding that first notice date, was the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract).  
 
Market Disruption Event means, with respect to a Commodity, any event that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
disrupts or impairs the determination of the price of such Commodity for a Valuation Date, and includes, without limitation:  
 
A. the failure by the relevant Price Source to make public the relevant price for a Valuation Date, or the temporary or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of the Price Source.  
 
B. the Trading Suspension or the Trading Limitation (whether by reason of movements in price reaching the limits of the Limit Price 
or otherwise) in the relevant Commodity on the relevant Exchange.  
 
The occurrence of a Market Disruption Event is determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
The occurrence or existence of any of the above events on a Barrier Date shall not be considered as a Market Disruption Event with 
respect to such Barrier Date (unless such Barrier Date is also a Valuation Date in which case it shall be considered as a Valuation 
Date).  
 
MMBTU means one million British thermal units.  
 
Observation Barrier Period means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the period from and including the first 
Valuation Date to and including the last Valuation Date.

--- Page 474 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
474 
 
Observation Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for business 
either in London or in New York. 
 
Relevant Futures Contract means each futures contract comprised in the Commodity Index or in the Underlying Index. 
 
Roll Adjustment means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, any of the following roll rules: 
 
Roll Adjustment 1: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the trade date immediately preceding the last trade date of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract will be: 
           (i)    until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby Month Futures Contract; and  
           (ii)    immediately after the publication of the price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract. 
 
For a Commodity Business Day falling on the last trade date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures Contract 
will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which as of the 
immediately preceding trade date was the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract). 
 
Roll Adjustment 2: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the standard (last) expiration date of the First Nearby Month Futures 
option contract, traded on the Exchange referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, the relevant Futures Contract will be: 
 
        (i)    until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, and  
 
        (ii)    immediately after the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in  the relevant Commodity 
Reference Price by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract. 
 
For a Commodity Business Day falling after the standard (last) expiry date of the First Nearby Month Futures option contract, the 
relevant Futures Contract will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures 
Contract which, as of the standard (last) expiration date of the First Nearby Month Futures option contract, was the Second Nearby 
Month Futures Contract). 
 
Roll Adjustment 3: For a Commodity Business Day falling on the trade date immediately preceding the first notice date of the First 
Nearby Month Futures Contract traded on the Exchange referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference Price, the relevant Futures 
Contract will be: 
 
      (i)    until and including the publication of the relevant price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference 
Price by the Price Source on that day, the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, and 
 
     (ii)    immediately after the publication of the price of the Futures Contract referred to in the relevant Commodity Reference Price 
by the Price Source on that day, the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract. 
 
For a Commodity Business Day falling on or after the first notice date of the First Nearby Month Futures Contract, the relevant Futures 
Contract will be the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is the Futures Contract which as of 
the day immediately preceding that first notice date, was the Second Nearby Month Futures Contract). 
 
Strike Price means, the price specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Underlying Index means, each index comprised in a Commodity Index.  
 
Underlying Index Calculation Agent means, the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Underlying Index, if different from 
the Underlying Index Sponsor.  
 
Underlying Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity as specified in the applicable Final Terms which (a) is responsible 
for establishing and reviewing the rules, procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant 
Underlying Index and (b) makes public (directly or through an Underlying Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Underlying 
Index on a regular basis.  
 
Valuation Date means, a date with respect to which a Commodity Reference Price is determined and includes the Initial Valuation 
Date and the Final Valuation Date, as the case may be, and/or each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. With 
respect to a Commodity, Valuation Date is subject to Commodity Business Day Adjustment. With respect to a Commodity Index, 
Valuation Date is subject to Index Business Day Adjustment. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither 
Common Commodity Business Day nor Common Index Business Day, as relevant, is applicable to Valuation Dates. 
 
 
2. PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO COMMODITIES OTHER THAN INDICES  
 
2.1 Commodity Business Day Adjustment

--- Page 475 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
475 
2.1.1 If a Valuation Date is not a Commodity Business Day with respect to a Commodity Reference Price, then the Valuation Date 
for such Commodity Reference Price shall be postponed to the next day which is a Commodity Business Day with respect to such 
Commodity Reference Price, subject to valuation deadline provisions in Condition 2.1.3 below.  
 
2.1.2 If a Barrier Date is not a Common Commodity Business Day, then such Barrier Date shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Common Commodity Business Day, subject to determination deadline provisions in Condition 2.1.3 below.  
 
2.1.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date shall occur not later than the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date 
of a Commodity Linked Warrant and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made on the basis of 
determinations made for such Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as the case may be. The earlier of (i) the Expiration Date of a Commodity 
Linked Warrant and  (ii) such fourth Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as relevant, and the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market value of the Commodity or Commodities for which the earlier of (i) the Expiration 
Date of a Commodity Linked Warrant and (ii) that fourth Business Day is not a Commodity Business Day. 
 
2.2 Consequences of Market Disruption Events  
 
2.2.1 If a Market Disruption Event occurs or is continuing with respect to a Commodity Reference Price on a Valuation Date, then 
the price of such Commodity with respect to such Valuation Date will be (subject to the determination deadline provision in 
Condition 2.2.2 below):  
 
(a) the Commodity Reference Price for such Valuation Date published by the relevant Exchange on the next Commodity Business 
Day on which there is no Market Disruption Event (the Determination Day);  
 
(b) if the Commodity Reference Price is not determined as per paragraph (a) above or is a Limit Price, the Commodity Reference 
Price published by the relevant Exchange for such Determination Day.  
 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a) and (b) above, a Determination Day shall fall within a period of five Commodity Business Days 
from and including the relevant Valuation Date.  
 
The determination of the Commodity Reference Price in paragraphs (a)  and  (b) above is subject to determination deadline 
provisions in Condition 2.2.2 below.  
 
(c) If there is no Determination Day within a period of five Commodity Business Days following (and including) the Valuation Date, 
then the prices for such Valuation Date shall be determined, by the Calculation Agent on such fifth Commodity Business Day, using:  
 
(i) with respect to the Commodity or Commodities which are not affected by a Market Disruption Event on the fifth Commodity 
Business Day, the relevant Commodity Reference Price for that fifth Commodity Business Day and  
 
(ii) with respect to the Commodity or Commodities which are affected by a Market Disruption Event on the fifth Commodity Business 
Day, the fair market value of such Commodity or Commodities.  
 
2.2.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the prices for a Valuation Date shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at the latest on 
the earlier of (i)  the Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Warrant and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any 
payment to be made on the basis of determinations made for such Valuation Date. 
 
2.3 Consequences of extraordinary events affecting the Commodities or Commodity Reference Prices  
 
If, any of the following extraordinary event occurs in respect of a Commodity or a Commodity Reference Price in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent:  
 
A. the relevant Commodity Reference Price disappears or permanently discontinues or otherwise becomes unavailable; or  
 
B. at any time following the first Valuation Date, a material change in the formula or the calculation method for the relevant 
Commodity Reference Price occurs; or  
C. at any time following the first Valuation Date, a material change in the content, the composition or the constitution of the relevant 
Commodity occurs,  
 
then, the Calculation Agent will be entitled to either:  
     Y. determine the fair market value of the relevant Commodity for the relevant Valuation Date or Barrier Date; or 
     Z. replace, to the extent possible, the affected Commodity Reference Price with a similar price.  
 
If the Calculation Agent does not make a determination in accordance with Y above and if in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, no price meets the criteria to be an appropriate replacement price in accordance with Z above, then, the Calculation Agent will 
decide to either:  
 
a. consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). Where an Early 
Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the 
case of Commodity Linked Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount 
on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Commodity Linked

--- Page 476 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
476 
Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions; or  
 
b. apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date, as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Subparagraph (a) shall not apply to Warrants to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
 
2.4 Consequences of adjustment events affecting the Commodity Reference Price  
 
If  a Commodity Reference Price made public on the relevant Price Source's page and used in any calculation or determination 
made under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is made available to the public on the relevant Price 
Source's page after the original publication but no later than the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date of a Warrant and (ii) four 
Commodity Business Days or Index Business Days, as applicable, prior to the Expiration Date of such Warrant or any payment 
date(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine whether adjustments to the terms of the 
Warrants are necessary to account for such correction.  
 
3. PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO INDICES ON COMMODITIES 
 
3.1 Index Business Day Adjustment  
 
3.1.1 If a Valuation Date is not an Index Business Day with respect to a Commodity Index, then the Valuation Date for such 
Commodity Index shall be postponed to the next day which is an Index Business Day with respect to such Commodity Index, 
subject to valuation deadline provisions in Condition 3.1.3 below.  
 
3.1.2 If a Barrier Date is not a Common Index Business Day, then such Barrier Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Common Index Business Day, subject to determination deadline provisions in Condition 3.1.3 below.  
 
3.1.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date shall occur not later than the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date 
of a Commodity Linked Warrant and (ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made on the basis of 
determinations made for such Valuation Date or Barrier Date; as the case may be. The earlier of (i) the Expiration Date of a 
Commodity Linked Warrant and (ii) such fourth Business Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Barrier Date, as relevant, 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the fair market level of the Commodity Index or Commodity Indices for which the earlier 
of (i) the Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Warrant and (ii) that fourth Business Day is not an Index Business Day.  
 
3.2 Consequences of Index Disruption Events  
 
3.2.1 If a Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms is subject to an Index Disruption Event for a Commodity Index or 
any Underlying Index, as applicable, the level of such Commodity Index or Underlying Index shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the formula and calculation method for that Commodity Index and Underlying Index, as applicable, then in 
effect (subject to determination deadline provisions in Condition 3.2.2 below), using:  
 
(a) with respect to each commodity comprised in the Commodity Index or any Underlying Index for which no Commodity Instrument 
is affected by an Index Disruption Event, its settlement price as determined and made public by the relevant Exchange for the 
Valuation Date; and  
 
(b) with respect to each commodity comprised in the Commodity Index or any Underlying Index for which one or more Commodity 
Instrument is affected by an Index Disruption Event:  
 
(i) the settlement price of the Commodity Instruments related to such commodity as determined by the relevant Exchange for the 
Valuation Date and made public on the Valuation Date or retrospectively on the next Commodity Business Day on which there is no 
Index Disruption Event with respect to such Commodity Instruments;  
 
(ii) if the settlement price of one or more Commodity Instruments related to such commodity is not determined as per (b)(i) above or 
is a Limit Price, the settlement price of all Commodity Instruments related to such commodity published by the relevant Exchange 
for the next Commodity Business Day on which the Index Disruption Event ceases to exist with respect to all such Commodity 
Instruments;  
 
(iii) the settlement price of such Commodity Instruments shall be determined within five (5) Commodity Business Days from and 
including the relevant Valuation Date for the purposes of paragraph (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above;  
 
(iv) if the settlement price of one or more Commodity Instruments is not determined as per (b)(i) or (b)(ii) above,  
 
Y. for each Commodity Instrument which is not affected by an Index Disruption Event on the fifth (5th) Commodity Business Day 
from and including the relevant Valuation Date and for which the relevant Exchange determines and makes public the settlement 
price on that day (and that settlement price is not a Limit Price), the settlement price of such Commodity Instrument(s) as 
determined and made public by the relevant Exchange; and  
 
Z. for each other Commodity Instrument the fair market value of all such Commodity Instruments on that fifth Commodity Business 
Day, as determined by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration the latest available settlement price for such Commodity

--- Page 477 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
477 
Instruments as determined and made public by the relevant Exchange and any other information that the Calculation Agent may in 
good faith deem relevant.  
 
3.2.2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the date on which the value of a Commodity comprised in the Commodity Index and the level of 
Commodity Index are determined shall occur not later than the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date of a Commodity Linked Warrant and 
(ii) the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the basis of determinations made on 
such date.  
 
3.3 Consequences of extraordinary events and adjustments to Indices  
A. If a Commodity Index is:  
 
(a) not calculated and made public by the relevant Index Sponsor and/or Index Calculation Agent but is calculated and made public 
by a relevant successor sponsor or calculation agent (the Successor Sponsor or Successor Calculation Agent, as the case may 
be) acceptable to the Calculation Agent, or  
 
(b) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
for, and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of that Commodity Index (the “Successor Index”);  
 
then the Commodity Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and made public by the relevant Successor Sponsor or 
Successor Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as the case may be).  
 
B. If, on or prior to a Valuation Date or a Barrier Date, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the relevant Index Sponsor or 
Index Calculation Agent (as applicable) (or if applicable the Successor Sponsor or Successor Calculation Agent, as the case may 
be):  
 
(a) makes a material change in the formula or calculation method of a Commodity Index or in any other way materially modifies a 
Commodity Index (other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Commodity Index in the event of 
changes in commodities comprised in the Commodity Index and capitalisation and other routine events). For the avoidance of 
doubt, and without limitation, any sub-division (split) of the Commodity Index or any consolidation (reverse split) of the level of the 
Commodity Index, or any other event linked to the performance or the level of the Commodity Index shall not be considered a 
routine event; or  
 
(b) fails to calculate and publish the level of the Commodity Index for a continuous period of at least four (4) Commodity Business 
Days before and including that Valuation Date; or  
 
(c) permanently ceases to calculate or cancels a Commodity Index and no Successor Index exists;  
each of the events described in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above, an “Index Adjustment Event”;  
then the Calculation Agent will be entitled to either:  
 
Y. determine the level of that Commodity Index for the relevant Valuation Date or Barrier Date in accordance with the formula and 
calculation method for that Commodity Index last in effect prior to that Index. Adjustment Event (provided that the Calculation Agent 
may, if required in the Calculation Agent’s determination, adapt such formula or calculation method to take the Index Adjustment 
Event into account). The Commodity Index so calculated will be used in lieu of the Closing Price made public by the Index Sponsor 
or Index Calculation Agent (as applicable) for the determination of an amount to be paid under the Warrants or to determine 
whether a condition, if any, has occurred or not, or  
 
Z. replace the Commodity Index with a new index to the extent possible, representative of the similar type of commodities 
comprised in the Commodity Index and traded on one or more Exchanges.  
 
If the Calculation Agent does not make a determination in accordance with Y above and if in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, no index meets the criteria to be an appropriate replacement index in accordance with Z above, then the Calculation Agent 
will decide to either:  
 
a. consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). In that case, the 
Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants  and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the case of Commodity Linked 
Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value 
as defined in Condition 6.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Commodity Linked Warrants that are Physical 
Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical 
Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or  
 
b. apply the Monetisation until  the Expiration Date, as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
4. CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND CONSEQUENCES  
 
Change in Law means, with respect to Warrants that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more Commodity Indice(s) as 
Underlying(s) that, on or after the first to occur of (a) the Issue Date and (b) the first Valuation Date of the Warrants, due to: 
 
A. the adoption of, enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of, or any change in, any applicable law or regulation 
(including without limitation, any Commodity Futures Trading Commission or any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or

--- Page 478 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
478 
capital requirements) or any regulation, rule or procedure of any exchange or principal trading market on which a Commodity or any 
component thereof is traded (together the Applicable Regulation); or  
 
B. the promulgation of, or any change in the published interpretation by official practice of any court, tribunal, regulatory or similar 
authority with competent jurisdiction or supervisory duty or exchange, of any Applicable Regulation (including without limitation any 
action taken by a taxing authority),  
the Calculation Agent determines that:  
 
Y. it is or will become illegal or contrary to any Applicable Regulation for Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to (a) hold, acquire 
or dispose of any Hedge Position (as defined below) or (b) maintain the agreement entered into with the Issuer in relation to the 
Warrants or the Underlying(s) of the Warrants or to perform its obligations or exercise its rights thereunder; or  
 
Z. Societe Generale or any of its affiliates incurs or there is a substantial likelihood that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates will 
incur increased costs, fees or charges in (a) acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing 
of any Hedge Position or (b) maintaining any agreement entered into with the Issuer in relation to the Warrants or the Underlying(s) 
of the Warrants or performing its obligations thereunder.  
 
Hedging Disruption means, unless specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in respect of  Commodity Linked 
Warrants that have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more Indice(s) as Underlying(s), that, as determined  in good faith by the 
Calculation Agent, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either:  
 
A. acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hedge Position; or  
 
B. freely realize, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of any Hedge Position or any agreement entered into with 
the Issuer in relation to the Warrants or the Underlying(s) of the Warrants. 
 
For the purpose hereof, Hedge Position means (i) one or more positions in or contracts related to commodities, over-the-counter or 
exchange-traded commodity derivative transactions, one or more positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, 
interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions (ii) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (iii) any cash deposits or cash 
borrowing and/or (iv) other instruments, arrangements, assets or liabilities (howsoever described) necessary to hedge, individually or 
on a portfolio basis or otherwise, the risks of Societe Generale or any of its affiliates of (a) issuing and performing any of the obligations 
with respect to the Warrants or (b) entering into and performing the obligations under any agreement entered into in relation to the 
Warrants or the Underlying(s) of the Warrants.  
 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless specified as “Not  Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms in respect of Warrants  that 
have one or more Commodity(ies) or one or more Indice(s) as Underlying(s), that as determined by the Calculation Agent, Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date (s) on which 
Societe Generale enters into the Hedge Position in respect of the Warrants amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems 
necessary to hedge the market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) of entering 
into and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants or any agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates by the Issuer in relation to the Warrants, or (b) freely realize, recover or remit the proceeds of the proceeds of its Hedge 
Positions. 
 
Upon the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging (the relevant Commodity(ies) as 
Underlying being the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may either:  
 
a. consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). Where an Early 
Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the 
case of Commodity Linked Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount 
on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Commodity 
Linked Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.3 of the General Terms and Conditions; or   
 
 
b. replace, to the extent possible, the Affected Underlying by a new underlying which is representative of the same economic or 
geographic sector; or  
 
c. apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions);  
 
or,  
 
d. but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging (and provided that the Warrants are not Warrants listed on the Italian Stock 
Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.)), deduct : 
 
(i)     in the case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked 
Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) due under the 
Structured Warrants, as the case may be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement 
Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any 
Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early

--- Page 479 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Commodity Linked Warrants 
 
 
479 
Termination Settlement Amount in respect of the Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement Date, in each 
case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, 
that triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the 
Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst 
the outstanding Warrants (such reduction being the Reduction Amount and the result of such deduction being floored at zero), 
provided that the value of Associated Costs shall be equal to 0 (zero) in respect of Warrants listed on the Italian Stock Exchange 
(Borsa Italiana S.p.A.); or  
 
(ii)     in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, any Physical Delivery Amount, Event-Linked Early Settlement Price, 
Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount which is calculated in connection with 
the Warrants shall be reduced by the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero).

--- Page 480 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
 
480 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND LINKED WARRANTS  
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Fund Linked Warrants". 
 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these Additional Terms and 
Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked 
Warrants unless otherwise specified herein.  
 
For the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants the following terms in Condition 6.8.3 of the General 
Terms and Conditions shall be amended as follows: 
-    Hedge Positions as used in Condition 6.8.3 of the General Terms and Conditions means Hypothetical Hedge Positions; 
-    Optional Hedge Positions as used in Condition 6.8.3 of the General Terms and Conditions means Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions. 
 
1.    GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
 
Adjusted Calculation Amount means (a) in respect of the first Compounding Period of a Calculation Period, the Calculation Amount 
for that Calculation Period and (b) in respect of any succeeding Compounding Period in that Calculation Period, an amount equal to 
the sum of the Calculation Amount for that Calculation Period and the Compounding Period Amounts for each of the previous 
Compounding Periods in that Calculation Period; 
 
Adjusted Settlement Date means, the date which is the earliest of (a) the 20th Business Day following the occurrence of the Full 
Liquidation Date and (b) the Postponed Settlement Date. 
 
Adjusted Early Settlement Date means, the date which the earlier of (a) the 20th Business Day following the occurrence of the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date and (b) the Settlement Date. 
 
Applicable Method means, in respect of a Valuation Date, either Calculation Method, Execution Method/Subscription, Execution 
Method/Redemption, Order Method/Subscription or Order Method/Redemption. If in respect of the first Valuation Date to occur on or 
immediately following the Issue Date of the Warrants (the First Valuation Date), no Applicable Method is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, Order Method/Subscription shall be deemed to be the Applicable Method. If in respect of any Valuation Date which is 
not the First Valuation Date, no Applicable Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, Order Method/Redemption shall be 
deemed to be the Applicable Method. 
 
Associated Costs means an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in its reasonable discretion equal to the sum of (without 
duplication) all costs (including, without limitation, cost of funding), losses, expenses, tax and duties incurred by a Hypothetical Investor 
in connection with the termination, liquidation or re-establishment of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, such amount to be apportioned 
pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants. 
 
Basket means, a basket composed of Funds (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Funds specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Closing Price means, in respect of any Fund (and  in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent): 
 
A.    Where Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the official net asset value 
per Fund Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Valuation 
Date; or 
 
B.    Where Execution Method/Subscription is specified  in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the aggregate 
amount per Fund Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a 
Hypothetical Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription of Fund Unit(s) scheduled to be executed on the 
official net asset value per Fund Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) 
dated as of such Valuation Date; or 
 
C.    Where Execution Method/Redemption is specified  in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the aggregate 
amount per Fund Unit net of all costs or fees (if any) that would be received in cash (either on a single date or over a period of time) 
by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the redemption of Fund Unit(s), scheduled to be executed on 
the official net asset value per Fund Unit determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) 
dated as of such Valuation Date; or 
 
D.    Where Order Method/Subscription is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date,  the aggregate 
amount per Fund Unit including all costs or fees (if any) that would be paid (either on a single date or over a period of time) by a 
Hypothetical Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the subscription of Fund Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by the 
Fund on such Valuation Date; or 
 
E.    Where Order Method/Redemption is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of a Valuation Date, the aggregate 
amount per Fund Unit net of all costs or fees (if any), that would be received in cash (either on a single date or over a period of time)

--- Page 481 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
 
481 
by a Hypothetical Investor in Fund Units pursuant to a Valid Order for the redemption of Fund Unit(s) submitted to and accepted by 
the Fund on such Valuation Date. 
 
Compounding Date means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each Business Day of such Calculation Period; 
 
Compounding Method means that the amount of interest shall be equal to the sum of the Compounding Period Amounts for each 
Compounding Period in the related Calculation Period, Compounding Period means, in respect of a Calculation Period, each period 
from and including a Compounding Date to but excluding the immediately following Compounding Date during that Calculation Period; 
 
Compounding Period Amount means, in respect of a Compounding Period, the product of (a) the Adjusted Calculation Amount, (b) 
the Compounding Rate and (c) the Day Count Fraction; 
 
Compounding Rate means, in respect of a Compounding Period Amount, the interbank overnight rate in the Settlement Currency 
as determined by the Calculation Agent on the first day of the relevant Compounding Period; the specific Compounding Rate used in 
respect of a Settlement Currency shall be available at the office of the Calculation Agent from the first day of a Calculation Period; 
and Day Count Fraction means, for the purposes of Compounding Method, the exact number of days in a Compounding Period (the 
first included and the last excluded), divided by 360. 
 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Expiration Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Fund means, the fund or the pooled investment vehicle as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Fund Business Day means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each Fund observed separately), 
any date on which a Valid Order can be submitted by a Hypothetical Investor pursuant to the Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue 
Date of the Warrants.  
 
Fund Valuation Day means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each Fund observed 
separately), any date as defined in the Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Warrants in respect of which the official 
net asset value of such Fund is determined as of such date in accordance with its Fund Documents. 
 
Fund Documents means, in respect of any Fund, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and other 
agreements of the Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund. 
 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-
discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund (the Fund 
Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, 
depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
Fund Unit or Unit means, in respect of any Fund, a share of such Fund or, if interests in such Fund are not denominated as shares, 
a unit of account of ownership in such Fund. 
 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, of one or more 
(a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Warrants linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Unit due on the Settlement Date apportioned pro rata to each outstanding 
Warrant provided that, if the Intermediate Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or 
before the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date, then Hypothetical Hedge Positions will include the Intermediate 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions. 
 
provided further that: 
 
- 
all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this definition of "Hypothetical Hedge Position", Clearing System means the clearing system through which the 
Warrants are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (including the Fund Units), located in France (which for the avoidance of doubt may be Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates), and deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the Fund Units, to have (a) the benefits and 
obligations, as provided under the Fund Documents, of an investor holding Fund Units; (b) in the case of any deemed redemption of

--- Page 482 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
 
482 
such Fund, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting redemption of Fund Units; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in 
such Fund, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting subscription of Fund Units. 
 
Optional Early Settlement Amount means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
 
Optional Early Settlement Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants. 
 
Optional Early Settlement Cut-Off Date means, with respect to an Optional Early Settlement Date, the Business Day preceding 
such Optional Early Settlement Date by a number of Business Days or calendar days equal to the number of Business Days or 
calendar days of the notice period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Optional Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of an Optional Early Settlement Date, the date on which the liquidation proceeds 
of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or 
part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, of one 
or more (a) positions or contracts in Fund Units, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange 
transactions, (b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, 
arrangements, assets or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s 
obligations under the Warrants linked to or indexed to the relevant Fund Unit due on an Optional Early Settlement Date, apportioned 
pro rata to each outstanding Warrant. 
 
Postponed Settlement Date means, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs, the date that falls on the second anniversary date of 
the Settlement Date or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. 
 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means as defined in Condition 5.8.3 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants. 
 
Settlement Disruption Event means, that an Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date has not occurred on or 
before the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date, provided however that all references to the word "fourth" above may 
be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System. 
 
Valid Order means, a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the Fund or the Fund Service Provider that generally 
accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the 
Fund Documents. 
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of the Fund (or, in the case of a Basket of Funds, in respect of each Fund observed separately), 
each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if, for a Fund, such date is not a Fund Business Day or a Fund Valuation 
Day (as the case may be), the next following Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day for such Fund (the Scheduled Valuation 
Date), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case the Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2.3 below. Any Initial Valuation Date, Final Valuation Date, annual Valuation Date, quarterly Valuation Date, monthly 
Valuation Date or weekly Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the 
purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
2.    ADJUSTMENTS, EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES - DISRUPTION EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES - 
CONSEQUENCES OF A SETTLEMENT DISRUPTION EVENT  
 
2.1    Adjustments 
 
In the case of the occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any event affecting a Fund or the value of the relevant Fund 
Units including, without limitation: 
 
A.    a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units, or a free distribution or dividend of any such 
Fund Units to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
 
B.    a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Units of (a) an additional quantity of such Fund Unit, or 
(b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Units, or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired 
or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
C.    an extraordinary dividend; 
 
D.    a repurchase by the Fund of relevant Fund Units whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, 
other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Units initiated by an investor in such Fund Units that is consistent with the Fund 
Documents; or

--- Page 483 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
 
483 
E.    any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Units or quantity of 
Fund Units; 
the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Warrants. 
 
2.2    Extraordinary Events and consequences 
 
Upon the occurrence or, unless the Applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrant_ Events2” applies, likely occurrence, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events (each an Extraordinary Event) on or after the Issue Date: 
 
A.    Change in Law:  
 
(i) If “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” is set as applicable in the Applicable Final Terms : means that (a) due to the adoption of or any 
change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital 
requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with 
competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith that it has become illegal to maintain the agreement entered into by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates 
with the Fund or a Fund Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below;  
 
(ii) Otherwise means, that: (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, 
any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including 
any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal for a 
Hypothetical Investor to hold, acquire or dispose of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
(if applicable) or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (including the relevant Fund Units) or it has become illegal to maintain the 
agreement entered into by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with the Fund or a Fund Service Provider mentioned in "Breach 
or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below, or (y) Societe Generale or any of its affiliates will incur a materially increased cost in 
performing its obligations under such Warrants or the agreement entered into by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates or the 
issuer of the Warrants with the Fund or the Fund Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below 
(including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax position); 
 
B.    Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider, as the case may be, to comply 
with or perform any agreement entered into by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, 
defining the terms and conditions at which Societe Generale or any of its affiliates may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the 
Fund Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the Fund 
Documents), including as the case may be the rebates of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, the 
termination of such agreement by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of Societe Generale or its 
affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the Fund or the Fund Service Provider disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
 
C.    Closure of the Fund means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Fund for any reason other than those mentioned in (F) 
or (K) below;  
 
D.   Fund Adviser Event means, unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” applies (in which 
case Fund Adviser Event is not applicable), that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of twelve months, the total value 
of the assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Fund) has decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease 
in value of such assets); 
 
E.    Fund Hedging Disruption means, unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” applies (in 
which case Fund Hedging Disruption is not applicable), that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is impractical for a Hypothetical 
Investor, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (if applicable) or Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions or (b) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions, without limitation, where such 
inability or impracticability has arisen by reason of (i) the transfer of all illiquid assets of the Fund being all or part of the Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of 
existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (ii) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions or subscriptions that the 
Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting the redemption or subscriptions orders) will accept in relation to 
a single date on which the Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (iii) the suspension for any reason of the subscription 
or redemption orders by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting the subscription and redemption 
orders), or (iv) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial 
statements of the Fund have been reviewed by the Fund's statutory auditors (holdback), or increase in charges or fees imposed by 
the relevant Fund or (v) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Unit imposed by the relevant Fund, in each 
case whether these events are imposed by the Fund without being envisaged in the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the 
Warrants or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Warrants and are solely implemented by the 
Fund after such date; 
 
F.    Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for 
its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general 
assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor 
or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or

--- Page 484 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
 
484 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-
up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or 
entity not described in clause (i) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; or (f) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any 
of the events specified in clauses (a) through (e) above; 
 
G.    Fund Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the 
Warrants, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Unit or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof 
(including but not limited to an open-ended fund that becomes a closed-end fund), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
H.    Fund Service Provider Event:  
 
(i) If “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means (a) a change, resignation, termination 
or replacement of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any Fund Service Provider, (c) any of the 
Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event, where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" 
has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event described in (F) above, except that Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider or 
the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the Fund has occurred;  
 
(ii) Otherwise means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a change of control or 
indirect control of any Fund Service Provider, (c) any of the Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service Provider Insolvency 
Event, where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event described in (F) above, 
except that Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the Fund 
Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date 
or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the Fund has occurred; 
 
I.    Holding Limit Event has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
J.    Holding Ratio:  
 
(i) If “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means the reduction of the Fund’s aggregate 
net asset value under an amount that has a significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund or its operating expenses or 
would increase the proportion of Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates, to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or funds 
managed by the same, is impaired; 
 
(ii) Otherwise means the reduction of the Fund's aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund or its operating expenses 
or would increase the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates, to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical 
Investor or funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
 
K.    Increased Cost of Hedging means, unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” applies 
(in which case Increased Cost of Hedging is not applicable), that a Hypothetical Investor would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the Warrants) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage 
commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions (if 
applicable) or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (if applicable) or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Intermediate Hypothetical Hedge Positions (if applicable) 
or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (if applicable), provided that, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is Societe Generale or 
any of its affiliates, any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of 
the Societe Generale or any of its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
 
L.    Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of 
or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (a) all the Fund Units of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator 
or other similar official or (b) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
 
M.    Liquidity Modification means that the Fund modifies the terms and conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders 
can be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Warrants or implements 
a modification of the conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless 
as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date of the Warrants;

--- Page 485 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
 
485 
N.    Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Unit into another class of fund units or securities, or the split of the Fund, its 
consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
 
O.    Nationalisation means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalised, expropriated or 
are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
 
P.    Regulatory Action: 
 
(i) If “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means with respect to any Fund Unit, (a) 
cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund Unit or the related Fund by any governmental, 
legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory 
treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Service Provider that has an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or on any 
investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject 
to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation 
of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider; 
 
(ii) Otherwise means, with respect to any Fund Unit, (a) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of such 
Fund Unit or the related Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) any 
change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Service Provider that is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), 
or (c) the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or 
resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider; 
 
Q.    Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, 
(a) information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical Investor or (b) information that has 
been previously delivered to a Hypothetical Investor in accordance with such Fund, or its authorised representative's, normal practice 
and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation 
methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Units; 
 
R.    Strategy Breach: 
 
(i) If “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, means a) any breach or violation of any 
strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related Fund Documents, that affects the value of the Fund Units or the rights or 
remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Warrants by reason of, 
but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or 
a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Fund; 
 
(ii) Otherwise means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related Fund Documents, that 
is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the Fund from 
its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the Warrants by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or 
reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the 
Fund; 
 
S    FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit that, from 1 January 2023, the related Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider 
(a) does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the 
FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale with 
the FRTB Information and as a consequence, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared 
with circumstances existing on the issue date of the Warrants) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the trading 
Book as implemented into French law, in holding the Fund Unit, 
 
where FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant risk sensitivities data, in a processable format to enable 
Societe Generale, as a holder of the Fund Unit, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the assets 
of the Fund; "processable format" means that the format of such information can be readily used by Societe Generale by using the 
existing functionality of a software or application commonly used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described 
above, 
 
then the Calculation Agent may: 
 
T.    (i) consider such Extraordinary Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination 
Event). Where Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or deliver, 
as the case may be, as soon as possible after the Early Termination Event, (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) an amount equal 
to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5.2 of the General Terms and 
Conditions or (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, 
the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; 
or

--- Page 486 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
 
486 
 (ii) only in case of Liquidity Modification, (a) consider such event as an Early Termination Event and may decide to pay, in full or in 
part, the Early Termination Settlement Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early Termination 
Settlement Amount in cash; or (b) if Liquidity Modification is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not 
consider such event as an Early Termination Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Settlement Amount by the delivery of the 
Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Settlement Amount in cash; or 
 
V.    in the case of (N) above only, replace the Fund Unit by the kind and number of units or other securities and property receivable 
on such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of Fund Units prior to such conversion, split, 
consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the purposes of determining the value of the Fund Unit and make any adjustment (if 
necessary) to the value of such Fund Unit; or 
 
W.    apply any of the following methods: 
 
(a)    Substitution and the Calculation Agent shall (i) identify a fund (the Substitute Fund) having an investment strategy similar to 
the investment strategy of the Fund affected by the Extraordinary Event (the Affected Fund) and (ii) may adjust any relevant terms 
of the Warrants to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants. 
  
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Fund is substituted, on any date "t", with a 
Substitute Fund, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as described in the 
applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the Substitute Fund and would mean 
the closing price of such Substitute Fund on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so 
that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected ETF on such date "t", or 
 
(b)    Postponement to the Adjusted Payment Date (as defined below), or 
 
(c)    “Monetisation until the Expiration Date” as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions, or  
or, but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging (and provided that the Warrants are not listed on the Italian Stock Exchange 
(Borsa Italiana S.p.A.)): 
 
X.    in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement 
Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) due under the Warrants, as the 
case may be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger 
Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement  Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any Optional Early Settlement 
Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount in 
respect of the Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement  Date, in each case after the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence 
of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding 
Warrants (such reduction being the Reduction Amount and the result of such deduction being floored at zero); 
 
Y.    in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, any Physical Delivery Amount, Event-Linked Early Settlement Price, Early Termination 
Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount which is calculated in connection with the Warrants shall 
be reduced by the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero); or 
 
AA.    only in case of an FRTB Event, substitute the Affected Fund with the Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), where 
Substitute Index means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to thebenchmark of the Affected Fund, or, in 
the absence of benchmark for the Affected Fund, as having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the Affected 
Fund. Following the occurrence of the Index Substitution Event, the Warrants shall be governed by the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Linked Warrants for any aspect in relation with the Substitute Index. 
 
Sub-paragraph (W) shall not apply to Warrants listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
 
2.3    Disruption Events and consequences 
 
2.3.1    Upon the occurrence or, unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” applies, the likely 
occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events (each a Disruption Event) in respect of a Valuation 
Date or an Averaging Date (the Disrupted Day) and a Fund or Fund Unit (the Affected Fund): 
 
A.    Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor 
(including in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund to delay or refuse 
subscription and/or redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official net asset value per Fund Unit 
by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of calculating such official net asset value); or 
 
B.    Fund Settlement Disruption means a failure by the Fund to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on the date 
by which the Fund was scheduled to have paid such amount and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it 
impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, including without limitation due to (a) the transfer 
of all illiquid assets of such Fund to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation of such assets for the benefit of 
existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (b) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the Fund (or 
the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which the 
Fund normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (c) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the

--- Page 487 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
 
487 
Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders), or (d) the postponement of 
the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial statements of the Fund have been reviewed 
by the Fund's statutory auditors (holdback), in each case whether these events are imposed by the Fund without being envisaged in 
the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the Warrants or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date of the 
Warrants and are solely implemented by the Fund after such date; or 
 
C.    NAV Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor) other 
than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or Publication Disruption" in (A) above or "Fund Settlement Disruption" in (B) above 
affecting such Fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation 
Agent to determine the Closing Price, 
 
the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled Averaging Date respectively) in 
respect of the Affected Fund, shall be postponed to the immediately following Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day (as specified 
in relation to such Valuation Date or Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms) that is no longer affected by a Disruption Event 
for such Affected Fund.  
 
If a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing on each of the five scheduled Fund Business Days or Fund Valuation Days, as the 
case may be, following the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date or if no Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation 
Day, as the case may be, that is not affected by a Disruption Event has occurred at the latest on the thirty-fifth calendar day following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
X.    determine its good faith estimate of the net asset value per Fund Unit of such Fund which shall be deemed to be the Closing 
Price in respect of such Valuation Date; 
 
Y.    (i) consider such Disruption Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination 
Event). Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause 
to be paid, deliver or cause to be delivered, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the Early Termination Event (in the case 
of Cash Settled Warrants) an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in 
Condition 6.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions or (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants), subject to payment of the Exercise 
Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 
6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
    (ii) only in case of Fund Settlement Disruption, (a) consider such event as an Early Termination Event and may decide to pay, in 
full or in part, the Early Termination Settlement Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early 
Termination Settlement Amount in cash; or (b) if Fund Settlement Disruption is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the 
Calculation Agent did not consider such event as an Early Termination Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Settlement 
Amount by the delivery of the Fund Units in lieu of its obligations to pay the Settlement Amount in cash; or 
 
Z.    apply any of (i) "Monetisation until the Expiration Date" as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions, (ii) 
"Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date" or (iii) Substitution. 
 
Provided that, 
 
(a) If "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Issuer" or "Optional Early Expiration at the option of the Warrantholder" is specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms of the relevant Warrants: 
 
(i) upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, the Warrantholder Optional Exercise Notices or the exercise by the 
Issuer of its right of optional settlement relating to an Optional Early Settlement Date with an Optional Early Settlement Cut-Off Date 
falling after the date of such occurrence shall be null and void; 
 
(ii) upon the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Disruption Event, with respect to Warrantholder Optional Exercise Notices or the 
exercise by the Issuer of its right of optional settlement relating to an Optional Early Settlement Date with an Optional Early Settlement 
Cut-Off Date falling on or before the date of such occurrence, the Calculation Agent may proceed with the determinations and/or 
adjustments described in (X), (Y) or (Z) above; 
 
(b) if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the 
first succeeding Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a 
Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the earlier of (i) the fifth Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, following 
the Scheduled Averaging Date and (ii) the thirty-fifth calendar day following the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Fund Business Day or 
Fund Valuation Day, as the case may be, that is not a Disrupted Day nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then 
that fifth Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, or that thirty-fifth calendar day, as the case may be, shall be deemed the 
Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that fifth Fund Business Day or Fund Valuation Day, or that thirty-fifth calendar day, as the 
case may be, is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall make on that day the determinations described 
in (X) above, and the good faith estimate of the net asset value per Fund Unit of such Fund so calculated shall be deemed the Closing 
Price; and 
 
(c) notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the basis 
of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to 
the provisions above) would fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the

--- Page 488 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
 
488 
basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation 
Date or the Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall elect to make the determinations and/or adjustments described in either 
(X), (Y) or (Z) above on such fourth Business Day and, in case the Calculation Agent elects to make the determinations described in 
(X) above, the good faith estimate of the net asset value of the Fund so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price, provided 
however that all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
2.4    Consequences of Settlement Disruption Event  
 
Upon the occurrence or, unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” applies, the likely 
occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Settlement Disruption Event, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
(i)    unless the applicable Final Terms specify that “Fund Linked Warrants_Events2” applies (in which case only paragraph (ii) 
below is applicable), consider such Settlement Disruption Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants 
(hereafter, an Early Termination Event). Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under 
the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the Early Termination Event, (in the case of Cash 
Settled Warrants) an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in 
Condition 6.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions or (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants), subject to payment of the 
Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount on the basis of Market Value 
determined in accordance with Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(ii)    apply Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date (as described in Condition 3.1.2 below). 
 
3.    POSTPONEMENT TO THE ADJUSTED PAYMENT DATE - SUBSTITUTION 
 
3.1    Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date  
 
Cash Settled Warrants 
 
Following the occurrence of an event giving rise to Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable 
for the payment of (1) the Optional Early Settlement Amount on the Optional Early Settlement Date and/or (2) the Cash Settlement 
Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, 
pay an amount described in Condition 3.1.1 and/or 3.1.2 below. 
 
Notwithstanding the above, following the occurrence or likely occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event, the Issuer shall no longer 
be liable for the payment on the Settlement Date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount and/or the Cash Settlement Amount, but 
instead will in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, pay an amount described in Condition 3.1.2 below. 
 
Physical Delivery Warrants 
 
Following the occurrence of an event giving rise to Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date, the Issuer shall no longer be liable 
for delivery of (1) the Physical Delivery Amount related to the Optional Early Settlement Date and/or (2) the Physical Delivery Amount 
as defined in the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations and 
subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, deliver Deliverable Assets in an amount equal to the sum 
of (i) the amount described in Conditions 3.1.1 and/or 3.1.2 below and (ii) the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity. 
 
3.1.1    Postponement to the Adjusted Early Settlement Date 
 
3.1.1.1    In respect of the termination of Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
could be as low as zero 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Issuer shall pay (i) on  the Adjusted Early Settlement Date an amount per Warrant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation 
proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted 
if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, is a 
Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero;  
 
3.1.1.2    In respect of the termination of Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount). 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Issuer shall pay (1) on  the Optional Early Settlement Date an amount per Warrant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent,  equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount and (2) on the Adjusted Early Settlement 
Date an amount per Warrant, determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference between:

--- Page 489 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
 
489 
(i)     (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, as a result 
of liquidating the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or 
part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into the Settlement Currency using the 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision; and 
 
(ii)     an amount equal to the Optional Minimum Settlement Amount.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical Investor under its 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero. 
 
3.1.2     Postponement to the Adjusted Settlement Date 
 
3.1.2.1    In respect of the termination of Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount or Settlement Amount as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms could be as low as zero 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Issuer  shall pay in respect of the Adjusted Settlement Date an amount per Warrant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based on (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the 
Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating the Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and/or Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
and/or the Hedge Positions (as the case may be) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which converted if necessary into the 
Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date, 
is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (c) interest that would 
have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period, if any, (which for the purposes 
of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or 
the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Adjusted Settlement Date (excluded), provided 
however that all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and/or Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by such Hypothetical 
Investor under its Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can 
be as low as zero; 
 
3.1.2.2    In respect of the termination of Warrants whose Optional Early Settlement Amount or Settlement Amount as defined in the 
applicable Final Terms cannot be in any case lower than an amount strictly positive (the Minimum Settlement Amount) 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1, the Issuer shall pay (1) on the Settlement Date an amount per Warrant, determined by 
the Calculation Agent, equal to the Minimum Settlement Amount and (2) on the Adjusted Settlement Date an amount per Warrant, 
determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the positive difference between: 
 
(i)     (a) the net positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the 
Full Liquidation Date, as a result of liquidating (a) the Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or the Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
(inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of the Optional Hedge Positions and/or the 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions (as the case may be) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which converted if necessary into 
the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the Optional Full Liquidation Date and/or the Full Liquidation 
Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method) together with (c) interest that 
would have accrued on such Calculation Amount pursuant to the Compounding Method, during the period, if any, (which for the 
purposes of this provision and of the Compounding Method shall be a Calculation Period) between (x) the Optional Full Liquidation 
Date and/or the Full Liquidation Date (included) and (y) the fourth Business Day preceding the Adjusted Settlement Date (excluded), 
provided however that all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
(ii)     an amount equal to the Minimum Settlement Amount.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by a Hypothetical Investor as Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by 
such Hypothetical Investor under its Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions and/or Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation 
Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero. 
 
3.1.2.3    Notwithstanding the above, if the Full Liquidation Date has not occurred, at the latest on the fourth Business Day preceding 
the Postponed Settlement Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the amount paid by the Issuer on the Postponed Settlement 
Date pursuant to Conditions 3.1.2.1 and 3.1.2.2 above, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of (a) the net 
positive cash amount that a Hypothetical Investor would be left with on such fourth Business Day preceding the Postponed Settlement 
Date as a result of liquidating (pursuant to the provisions above) the Hypothetical Hedge Positions (inter alia by satisfying any 
obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds 
of the assets of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions) minus (b) the Associated Costs (the result of which, converted if necessary into

--- Page 490 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Linked Warrants 
 
 
490 
the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the fourth Business Day preceding the Postponed Settlement 
Date, is a Calculation Amount for the purposes of this provision), provided however all references to the word "fourth" above may 
be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant 
Clearing System. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the liquidation proceeds of any assets held by the Hypothetical Investor under its Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions shall be deemed to be used in priority to extinguish any liability, if any, incurred by the Hypothetical Investor under its 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions and the Calculation Amount mentioned above can be as low as zero. 
 
3.2    Substitution 
 
The Calculation Agent shall (i) identify a fund (the New Fund) having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the 
Fund affected by the event giving rise to the Substitution and (ii) may adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve the 
economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants.

--- Page 491 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
491 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CREDIT LINKED WARRANTS 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
(i) the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is "Credit Linked Warrants" and (ii) the clause "Credit Linked Warrants Provisions" is 
"Applicable". If relevant, the applicable Final Terms will also specify whether "Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread"     of 
Condition 3 apply. 
 
The 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions may be obtained from the relevant Issuer upon request at the address and contact 
details specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
"*" means that the section so indicated will be deemed not to apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement 
Method" is "Physical Settlement". 
 
"**" means that the section so indicated will be deemed not to apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement 
Method" is "Cash Settlement".  
 
1. Credit Event Provisions 
 
1.1 Settlement Method 
 
1.1.1 Physical Settlement 
 
If the Warrants are Single Name Warrants or First-to-Default Warrants and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause 
"Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
 
1.1.1.1  If a Credit Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and including the First Credit Event 
Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are delivered during the Notice Delivery Period 
by or on behalf of the Issuer to the relevant Clearing System for the Warrantholders' information, then (i) the Issuer will no longer be 
liable for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the relevant Settlement Date or, as the case may be, to transfer the Physical 
Delivery Amount to the Warrantholder against payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, (ii) each Warrant 
shall continue to be exercisable during the Exercise Period or on the Expiration Date, as the case may be and (iii) following exercise 
of any Credit Linked Warrant, the Issuer will in full and final satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in respect of payments due under 
the Credit Linked Warrants, Deliver or procure Delivery of the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount to the Warrantholders during 
the Physical Settlement Period, subject to the next following paragraphs and the cash settlement provisions hereafter. 
 
If the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount is not equal to an authorised denomination (or integral multiple thereof) of the Specified 
Deliverable Obligations then (i) the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount of Specified Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered will 
be rounded down to the nearest authorised denomination or integral multiple thereof, or, if none, to zero, and (ii) in addition to the 
Delivery of the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount, the Issuer will pay or procure payment of a cash amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent as the market value of the Specified Deliverable Obligations that were not capable of being Delivered due to such 
rounding. 
 
The Delivery of the Specified Deliverable Obligations (or payment of the Credit Event Payment Amount) is subject to the prior delivery 
by or on behalf of the Issuer to the relevant Clearing System for the Warrantholders' information, of a Notice of Physical Settlement 
between the Credit Event Determination Date and the Latest Notification Date (both dates inclusive). 
 
1.1.1.2 Following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to a Reference Entity, the Issuer will select the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations. 
 
1.1.1.3 The Issuer will not necessarily Deliver all the Specified Deliverable Obligations on the same date and may Deliver Specified 
Deliverable Obligations to different Warrantholders on different dates or to the same Warrantholder on different dates. 
 
1.1.1.4 The Issuer is not obliged to Deliver the same type and proportion of Deliverable Obligations to each Warrantholder and a 
Warrantholder may receive various types of Deliverable Obligations. 
 
1.1.1.5 If any or all of the Specified Deliverable Obligations are not eligible for clearance by the relevant Clearing System, then the 
Issuer may,  upon prior notice to the Warrantholders, arrange: 
 
(A)    Delivery of those Specified Deliverable Obligations (if any) that are eligible for clearance by the relevant Clearing System in the 
relevant Clearing System and Delivery of those Specified Deliverable Obligations that are not eligible for clearance by the relevant 
Clearing System outside the relevant Clearing System; or 
 
(B)    Delivery of all the Specified Deliverable Obligations (whether or not those Specified Deliverable Obligations are eligible for 
clearance) outside the relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 492 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
492 
The relevant Clearing System will then be instructed to block and, upon confirmation by the Issuer that delivery has taken place, 
cancel the Warrantholders' positions in its books and the Principal Paying Agent in turn will cancel the outstanding Warrants. If Delivery 
is to take place outside the relevant Clearing System, the Issuer shall have to receive the relevant Warrantholders' transfer 
instructions, in terms that are satisfactory to the Issuer, sufficiently before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date to allow 
for physical settlement, otherwise the cash settlement provisions set out below will apply. 
 
1.1.2 Fallback to Cash Settlement 
 
1.1.2.1    If the Warrants are Single Name Warrants or First-to-Default Warrants and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement" but, on the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the Calculation Agent 
(acting on behalf of the Issuer) determines that it is Illegal or Impossible for the Issuer to Deliver all or part of the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations to all or some of the Warrantholders or if the Issuer does not receive transfer instructions as described in the last sentence 
of Condition 1.1.1.5 above, then the Calculation Agent will calculate a Credit Event Payment Amount, in respect of such part of the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations which are Undeliverable Obligations, and the Issuer will, on the Settlement Date, pay or procure 
payment of a Credit Event Payment Amount to the relevant Warrantholders in full and final satisfaction of its obligations in respect of 
the Undeliverable Obligations. 
 
1.1.2.2    The Issuer must notify the relevant Warrantholders through the relevant Clearing System that there are Undeliverable 
Obligations and the reasons why it is Illegal or Impossible to Deliver such Specified Deliverable Obligations. 
 
1.1.2.3    If, before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the Calculation Agent determines that the Delivery of all of the 
Specified Deliverable Obligations is Illegal or Impossible, and it deems in good faith that such Delivery is to remain Illegal or Impossible 
until the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then the Calculation Agent may give notice thereof to the relevant Clearing 
System for the attention of the Warrantholders. The Credit Valuation Date will then be the date that is two Business Days after the 
date on which the Calculation Agent delivers such notice to the relevant Clearing System, and the Issuer will pay the Warrantholders 
a Credit Event Payment Amount on the Settlement Date in full and final satisfaction of its obligations in respect of the Undeliverable 
Obligations. 
 
1.1.2.4    If Delivery is partially Illegal or Impossible, the Issuer may, for each Warrantholder, Deliver the Specified Deliverable 
Obligations and pay a Credit Event Payment Amount. The Issuer shall not be obliged to ensure that each Warrantholder receives the 
same type and proportion of Deliverable Obligations and the same proportion of Deliverable Obligations and Credit Event Payment 
Amount as each other Warrantholder. 
 
1.1.2.5    If Condition 1.1.2.1 or Condition 1.1.2.3 above applies, the Issuer may arrange that all settlements hereunder be made 
outside the relevant Clearing System in the manner described in Condition 1.1.1.5 above provided that the Issuer receives transfer 
instructions in terms that are satisfactory to the Issuer to allow for such settlements. 
 
1.1.2.6    The Calculation Agent will inform the Warrantholders via the relevant Clearing System of the Credit Event Payment Amount 
by sending a Final Valuation Notice. 
 
1.1.3 Cash Settlement 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
 
1.1.3.1    If a Credit Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and including the First Credit 
Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date and if a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are delivered during the Notice Delivery 
Period by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders, then: 
 
(i)    the Issuer will no longer be liable for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the relevant Settlement Date or, as the case 
may be, to transfer the Physical Delivery Amount to the Warrantholder against payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, 
by the Parity; 
 
(ii)     each Warrant shall continue to be exercisable during the Exercise Period or on the Expiration Date, as the case may be; and   
 
(iii)     following exercise of any Warrant, the Issuer will pay or procure payment of the Credit Event Payment Amount (or a formula 
based on the Credit Event Payment Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Settlement Date, in full and final 
satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in respect of the exercise of each Warrant. 
The Selected Obligations, the Credit Event Payment Amount and the Settlement Date shall be notified to the Warrantholders in the 
Final Valuation Notice on the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
 
1.1.3.2    For the avoidance of doubt, under no circumstances will the Final Value be determined later than the 180th Business Day 
following the corresponding Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
1.1.3.3    Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, where "Alternative Physical Settlement" is specified as “Applicable” in 
the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer would, but for this Condition 1.1.3.3, be required to pay the Credit Event Payment Amount 
on the Settlement Date in accordance with Condition 1.1.3.1 above, it shall, in place of such payment, deliver to the Warrantholders 
the Alternative Physical Delivery Amount in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Condition 5.2 of the General Terms and 
Conditions in full and final settlement of its obligations hereunder as if the applicable Warrant was a Physical Delivery Warrant, 
provided that for such purposes references to the relevant Physical Delivery Amount shall be deemed to be references to the

--- Page 493 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
493 
Alternative Physical Delivery Amount. Delivery of the Alternative Physical Delivery Amount shall be made in accordance with Condition 
4.12 of the General Terms and Conditions and subject to Condition 4.12.5 of the General Terms and Conditions as if references in 
those Conditions to the Physical Delivery Amount were references to the Alternative Physical Delivery Amount. 
 
1.2 Credit Event Notice after Restructuring  
     
Upon the occurrence of a Restructuring in the period from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, if M(M)R Restructuring is applicable, the following provisions apply: 
 
1.2.1    Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants 
    
 If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
 
1.2.1.1    the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such Restructuring, each such Credit Event 
Notice setting forth an amount (the Partial Cancellation Amount) that is less than the Nominal Amount outstanding of each Warrant 
immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of Condition 1.1 shall be deemed 
to apply to the Partial Cancellation Amount only and each such Warrant shall be exercised in part (such exercised part being equal 
to the Partial Cancellation Amount) (and for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to the effect of the Principal Credit Factor on 
the settlement amount); 
 
1.2.1.2    for the avoidance of doubt (i) the Nominal Amount of each such Warrant not so exercised in part shall remain outstanding 
and (ii) the provisions of Condition 1.1 shall apply to such Nominal Amount outstanding of such Warrant in the event that subsequent 
Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of a Reference Entity; and 
 
1.2.1.3 on exercise of part of each Credit Linked Warrant, the relevant Warrant or, if the Warrants are represented by a Global Warrant, 
such Global Warrant, shall be endorsed to reflect such partial exercise. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the outstanding Nominal Amount of each Warrant in respect of which no Credit Event Notice has been 
delivered during the Notice Delivery Period (and, if applicable, no Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or Potential Failure to Pay has 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date), will be exercised on the Scheduled Expiration Date. 
 
    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement": 
 
1.2.1.4 the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such Restructuring, each such Credit Event 
Notice setting forth an amount (the Partial Cancellation Amount) that is less than the Nominal Amount outstanding of each Warrant 
immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions of Condition 1.1 shall apply to the 
Partial Cancellation Amount; and 
 
1.2.1.5 for the avoidance of doubt the provisions of Condition 1.1 shall apply to the Nominal Amount of each Warrant outstanding 
after reduction by such Partial Cancellation Amount in the event that subsequent Credit Event Notices are delivered in respect of a 
Reference Entity. 
 
1.2.2    Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants 
 
(a)    The Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such Restructuring, each such Credit Event 
Notice setting forth an amount (the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount) that is less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
of the relevant Reference Entity immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice. In such circumstances the provisions 
of Condition 1.1.3 shall apply to the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount instead of the Reference Entity Notional Amount; and 
 
(b)    For the avoidance of doubt, following such Restructuring, the provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants shall apply in respect of the relevant Reference Entity with such Reference Entity's Reference Entity Weighting being 
reduced by the ratio of the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount divided by the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount.  In the event 
of the occurrence of further Restructurings with respect to such Reference Entity, the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount will 
be further reduced by the relevant Partial Restructuring Notional Amount. 
 
1.3    Multiple Successors 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "Single Name Warrants" and if "Multiple 
Successor(s)" is "Applicable" the following provisions shall apply: 
 
Where, pursuant to the definition of Successor (see Condition 2 below), more than one Successor has been identified, each such 
Successor (a Multiple Successor) shall be a Reference Entity for the purposes of these Conditions, but only in respect of an amount 
of each Warrant equal to the Nominal Amount divided by the number of Multiple Successors to such Reference Entity (the Multiple 
Successor Notional Amount) as determined by the Calculation Agent (for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to the effect of 
the Principal Credit Factor on the settlement amount). Where Multiple Successors to such Reference Entity (each, a Sub-Multiple 
Successor) have been identified in respect of a Reference Entity (an Original Multiple Successor) that is itself a Multiple Successor, 
each such Sub-Multiple Successor shall be a Reference Entity for the purposes of these Conditions, but the Multiple Successor 
Notional Amount in respect of a Sub-Multiple Successor shall be equal to the Multiple Successor Notional Amount in respect of such 
Original Multiple Successor divided by the number of Sub-Multiple Successors to such Original Multiple Successor. Following the 
delivery of a Credit Event Notice and, unless specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available

--- Page 494 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
494 
Information, in respect of a Multiple Successor, the Credit Linked Warrants, following a valid exercise of such Warrants in accordance 
with Condition 3 of the General Terms and Conditions, will not be cancelled in whole but an amount shall be deliverable or, as the 
case may be, payable in respect of each Warrant that has been so exercised (an Instalment Amount) which amount shall be 
determined in the same manner, mutatis mutandis, as the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount or Credit Event Payment Amount 
or Alternative Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, that would otherwise have been determined in respect of such a Credit 
Event in relation to the original Reference Entity, except that it shall be in respect of a part of the Nominal Amount of each Warrant 
equal to the relevant Multiple Successor Notional Amount only. The date of delivery or payment, as the case may be, of any such 
Instalment Amount (an Instalment Date) shall be determined in the same manner, mutatis mutandis, as the Physical Settlement Date 
or Settlement Date that would otherwise have been determined in respect of such a Credit Event in relation to the original Reference 
Entity.  
 
More than one Instalment Amount may be delivered or payable on the same day in respect of different Multiple Successors, but not 
more than one Credit Event Notice may be delivered in relation to a single Multiple Successor unless a Restructuring occurs in relation 
to a Multiple Successor, in which case the provisions of Condition 1.2 will apply in respect of each such Multiple Successor. Upon the 
determination by the Calculation Agent of the identity of Multiple Successors, the Calculation Agent shall determine the modifications 
required to be made to these Conditions and any other related documents, to preserve substantially the economic effect for a 
Warrantholder of a holding of the Credit Linked Warrants and the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to effect such 
modifications. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
 
Following delivery or payment of an Instalment Amount in respect of a Credit Event relating to a Multiple Successor, the outstanding 
Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked Warrant shall be correspondingly reduced by the proportion of the Nominal Amount used to 
determine such Instalment Amount. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement": 
 
Following the occurrence of a Credit Event relating to a Multiple Successor, the outstanding Nominal Amount of each Credit Linked 
Warrant shall be correspondingly reduced by the proportion of the Nominal Amount used to determine the corresponding Instalment 
Amount. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "Single Name Warrants" and if the clause 
"Multiple Successor(s)" is "Not Applicable"  the following provisions shall apply: 
 
Should more than one Successor succeed to the Reference Entity and a Credit Event occurs in respect of any one of them, payment 
or delivery of the Credit Event Payment Amount or Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount or Alternative Physical Delivery Amount, 
as the case may be, shall occur in whole in accordance with the Settlement Method specified in the applicable Final Terms, as if the 
Type of Credit Linked Warrants was specified as "First-to-Default Warrants" in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 1.3 will not apply to First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants. 
 
1.4    Notification of Potential Failure to Pay  
 
In the case of the occurrence of a Potential Failure to Pay, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, or any entity acting on 
its behalf, shall use its reasonable endeavours to notify the Warrantholders as soon as reasonably practical of such occurrence, 
pursuant to Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
1.5    Partial Expiration and Further Issues  
 
Following any partial expiration of any Credit Linked Warrants pursuant to Condition 5 of the General Terms and Conditions or any 
further issue (pursuant Condition 13 of the General Terms and Conditions), each of the following amounts will be multiplied by the 
ratio of (i) the number of Credit Linked Warrants in circulation after such partial expiration or further issue divided by (ii) the number 
of Credit Linked Warrants in circulation just before such partial expiration or further issue:  
 
(A)    for Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants, the Aggregate Warrant Notional  Amount; 
 
(B)    for Basket Warrants which are not Tranche Warrants, (i) the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, (ii) the Reference Portfolio 
Notional Amount and (iii) the Aggregate Loss Amount; and  
 
(C)    for Tranche Warrants, (i) the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount, (iii) the Aggregate 
Loss Amount, (iv) the Tranche Notional Amount and (v) the Tranche Subordination Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any other amount the calculation of which depends on the above amounts will be re-calculated 
accordingly. 
 
1.6    Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law, Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or 
any of its Affiliates, Consequences and Monetisation until the Expiration Date 
 
1.6.1    Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Warrants.

--- Page 495 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
495 
 
1.6.2    Change in Law 
 
Change in Law has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
1.6.3    Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates 
 
Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates means, in respect of Single Name Warrants or First-
to-Default Warrants or Basket Warrants, that (i) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges 
into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, a Reference Entity or (ii) a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, 
or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) Societe Generale or any 
of its Affiliates and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
 
1.6.4    Consequences 
 
Upon the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the fourth Business Day (or in respect of Uncertificated 
Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the twelfth Business Day) before the 
Expiration Date of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law, or a Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe 
Generale or any of its Affiliates, then the Calculation Agent may decide, to either: 
 
(A)    consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Credit Linked Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination 
Event). In the case where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Credit Linked 
Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the Early Termination Event, (in the case of Cash Settled 
Warrants) an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 5.5 of 
the General Terms and Conditions or (in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if 
applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 5.5of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(B)    if the Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Change in Law and/or Merger of a Reference Entity and Societe Generale 
or any of its Affiliates is applicable to one or several affected Reference Entities (the Affected Reference Entity(ies)), replace the 
Affected Reference Entity(ies) by a new reference entity (or new reference entities, as relevant) which is (respectively are each) a 
Similar Reference Entity; or 
 
(C)    apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants;  
 
or, but only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging: 
 
(D)    in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement 
Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) due under the Credit Linked 
Warrants, as the case may be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, 
Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement  Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any Optional Early 
Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement 
Amount in respect of the Credit Linked Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement  Date, in each case after 
the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that 
triggered the occurrence of the Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates in relation to the Hedge 
Positions hedging the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Credit Linked Warrants, such amount to be apportioned pro rata 
amongst the outstanding Warrants (such reduction being the Reduction Amount and the result of such deduction being floored at 
zero); or  
 
(E)    in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, deduct the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero) from any Physical Delivery 
Amount, Event-Linked Early Settlement Price, Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery 
Amount which is calculated in connection with the Credit Linked Warrants. 
 
Following the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law or a Merger of a Reference Entity 
and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, which shall in its turn notify the 
Warrantholders pursuant to the provisions of Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions of the relevant adjustment made or 
decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of any adjustment made or decision taken may be obtained by the Warrantholders 
upon request at the Calculation Agent’s specified address. 
 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
 
Similar Reference Entity means a reference entity with an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or an equivalent credit risk (if no 
Rating is available), and to the extent possible as secondary criteria geographic and Transaction Type proximity.  
 
For the purposes of this definition Rating means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three rating agencies Moody’s 
France S.A.S., S&P Global RatingsEurope Limited,  and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of them, it being understood that if the 
ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into consideration. 
 
1.7    Additional provisions relating to certain specific Reference Entities

--- Page 496 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
496 
1.7.1    Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Argentine Republic" 
 
If "Argentine Republic" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions will apply with respect 
to this Reference Entity: 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a Bond that was issued on or prior to June 1, 
2005 (other than any Bond constituting a New Security (as defined in the Prospectus Supplement of the Republic of Argentina 
dated 
January 
10, 
2005 
 
 
(available 
on 
the 
website: 
http://www.argentina.gob.ar/sites/default/files/mfin_us_prospectus_and_prospectus_supplement.pdf ) as the same may be amended 
or supplemented)) shall not be considered as an Obligation. 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a 
Bond that was issued on or prior to June 1, 2005 (other than any Bond constituting a New Security (as defined in the Prospectus 
Supplement 
of 
the 
Republic 
of 
Argentina 
dated 
January 
10, 
2005 
(available 
on 
the 
website: 
http://www.argentina.gob.ar/sites/default/files/mfin_us_prospectus_and_prospectus_supplement.pdf ), as the same may be amended 
or supplemented)) shall not be considered as a [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*.  
 
1.7.2    Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Hellenic Republic" 
 
If "Hellenic Republic" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions will apply with respect 
to this Reference Entity: 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is of a type included in Borrowed Money 
Obligation Category and that was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012 shall not be considered as 
an Obligation.  
 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a 
Bond or a Loan that was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012 shall not be considered as a 
[Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*.  
 
1.7.3    Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Republic of Hungary" 
   
If "Republic of Hungary" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions will apply with respect 
to this Reference Entity: 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, "Obligation" shall also include any National Bank of Hungary 
Obligation for the purposes of the applicable Final Terms where:  
 
National Bank of Hungary Obligation means any obligation of the National Bank of Hungary (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor,  
 
(i)    which has the Obligation Characteristic "Not Subordinated", where solely for such purpose the definition of "Not Subordinated" 
shall be construed as if  the National Bank of Hungary were the Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has been specified  
 
(ii)    which is described by the Obligation Category specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary;  
 
(iii)    which has each of the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary; and 
 
(iv)    in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default (as defined below) will cause any obligation of the Republic 
of Hungary in respect of the Obligation Category Borrowed Money to become, with the lapse of any grace period and subject to any 
other requirements under the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as to the amounts of such default), 
immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation.  
 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below, ["Deliverable Obligation"]** 
["Selected Obligation"]* shall also include any [National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation]** [National Bank of Hungary Selected 
Obligation]* for the purposes of the applicable Final Terms where:  
 
[National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation]** [National Bank of Hungary Selected Obligation]* means any obligation of 
the National Bank of Hungary (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor,  
 
(i)    which has the [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation Characteristic]* "Not Subordinated", where solely for 
such purpose the definition of "Not Subordinated" shall be construed as if the National Bank of Hungary were the Reference Entity 
and no Reference Obligation has been specified;  
 
(ii)    which is described by the [Deliverable Obligation Category]** [Selected Obligation Category]* specified in respect of the Republic 
of Hungary;  
 
(iii)    which has each of the [Deliverable Obligation Characteristics]** [Selected Obligation Characteristics]* specified in respect of the 
Republic of Hungary; and

--- Page 497 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
497 
(iv)    in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an Event of Default (as defined below) will cause any obligation(s) of the 
Republic of Hungary in respect of the Obligation Category Borrowed Money, to become, with the lapse of any grace period and subject 
to any other requirements under the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including requirements as to the amounts of such 
default), immediately due and payable, pursuant to the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation. 
 
Event of Default means any failure by the National Bank of Hungary as issuer or obligor or guarantor of the relevant obligation, to 
make, when due any payment of principal or premium or prepayment charge or interest, if any, on such obligation.  
 
For the purposes only of construing the terms "National Bank of Hungary Obligation", "National Bank of Hungary Deliverable 
Obligation" and "National Bank of Hungary Selected Obligation", the National Bank of Hungary (either directly or as provider or a 
Relevant Guarantee) shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity.  
 
1.7.4    Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "Russian Federation" or 
“Gazprom Public Joint Stock Company” 
 
If "Russian Federation" or “Gazprom Public Joint Stock Company” is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, 
the following provisions will apply with respect to this Reference Entity: 
 
Unless and until the “Restricted Period” has ended, notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, any obligation 
that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, “Restricted Debt” shall be an "Excluded Obligation" as defined in Condition 2 
below.  
 
Unless and until the “Restricted Period” has ended, notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected 
Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, Restricted Debt  shall be an 
“Excluded Deliverable Obligation" as defined in Condition 2 below.  
 
The Calculation Agent may determine whether the Restricted Period has ended in respect of any Covered Reference Entity. 
 
Covered Reference Entity means "Russian Federation" (this includes any government ministry, agency or instrumentality of the 
Russian Federation, including the Ministry of Finance of the Russian Federation) and “Gazprom Public Joint Stock Company”. 
 
Relevant Sanctions means any economic or financial sanctions, trade embargoes or other similar prohibitions or restrictions on 
activity pursuant to any laws, regulations, orders or licenses imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by a Sanctions 
Authority. In respect of the European Union, the Relevant Sanctions are limited to those imposed by the European Union itself and 
not sanctions imposed by an individual member state. 
 
Restricted Debt means any debt that is issued or incurred on or after the Restricted Debt Start Date of the applicable Covered 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee). In relation to LPN Reference Obligation, Restricted Debt 
includes any Reference Obligation in respect of the applicable Covered Reference Entity that is issued or incurred on or after the 
Restricted Debt Start Date in respect of such Covered Reference Entity. 
 
Restricted Debt End Date means, in respect of a Covered Reference Entity, the first day on which no Relevant Sanctions on 
Secondary Trading apply in respect of debt issued or incurred by the applicable Covered Reference Entity on or after the Restricted 
Debt Start Date. 
 
Restricted Debt Start Date means February 24, 2022. 
 
Restricted Period means, in respect of a Covered Reference Entity, the period from, and including, the Restricted Debt Start Date 
to, but excluding, the Restricted Debt End Date. 
 
Sanctions Authority means any authority responsible for the imposition, administration and/or enforcement of sanctions in Canada, 
the European Union, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America. 
 
Secondary Trading means the purchase, sale or dealing in debt issued or incurred by the applicable Covered Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (other than such activities that occur solely within the primary market at the 
time the debt is issued or incurred). In relation to LPN Reference Obligation, the reference to debt includes a LPN (as defined in 
Condition 2 below) issued for the purpose of providing finance to the Covered Reference Entity (whether by way of deposit, loan, or 
another form of Borrowed Money instrument). 
 
1.7.5    Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is "STMicroelectronics N.V." 
 
If "STMicroelectronics N.V." is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions will apply with 
respect to this Reference Entity: 
 
1.7.5.1    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
 
With respect to the Reference Entity "STMicroelectronics N.V.", if the USD 1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Bond due 
2013 issued by STMicroelectronics N.V. is a Selected Obligation; and such Selected Obligation is not immediately due and payable 
as of the relevant Credit Valuation Date, for the purpose of determining the Quotation Amount of such Selected Obligation,

--- Page 498 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
498 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Selected Obligation shall be deemed to be the amount payable on the scheduled maturity 
date of such Selected Obligation. 
 
1.7.5.2    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
 
With respect to the Reference Entity "STMicroelectronics N.V.", if the USD 1,217,000,000 Zero Coupon Senior Convertible Bond due 
2013 issued by STMicroelectronics N.V. is a Specified Deliverable Obligation; and such Specified Deliverable Obligation is not 
immediately due and payable as of the date where such Specified Deliverable Obligation is Delivered, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of such Specified Deliverable Obligation shall be deemed to be the amount payable on the scheduled maturity date of such 
Specified Deliverable Obligation. 
 
1.7.6    Additional Provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is “Republic of Ukraine” 
 
If "Republic of Ukraine" is specified as a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions will apply with respect 
to this Reference Entity: 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a Bond that was issued on or prior to 1 
November 2015 shall be an "Excluded Obligation". 
 
Notwithstanding the definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]* in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is a 
Bond that was issued on or prior to 1 November 2015 shall be an ["Excluded Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected 
Obligation"]*. 
 
1.7.7     Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan Entities 
 
If a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or an Underlying Obligor is a "Covered Reference Entity" (as defined below), the 
following provisions will apply: 
 
1.7.7.1    Covered Reference Entity means: 
 
(a)    República Bolivariana de Venezuela (Venezuela); 
(b)    Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A. (PdVSA); 
(c)    any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of Venezuela, including the Central Bank of Venezuela and PdVSA; and 
(d)    any person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any entity referred to in Condition 1.1.8.7.1(a) to (c) above. 
 
1.7.7.2    Order means the Executive Order 13808 of 24 August 2017 “Imposing Additional Sanctions With Respect to the Situation 
in Venezuela” or subsequent executive order, legislation, regulation or similar action implemented by the United States Office of 
Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) imposing a sanction on debt of a Covered Reference Entity (an Order). 
 
1.7.7.3    Subject to Condition 1.7.7.4 below, Restricted Debt means: 
 
(a)    debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater than 90 days of PdVSA; 
 
(b)    debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater than 30 days of a Covered Reference Entity, other 
than debt of PdVSA covered by Condition 1.7.7.3(a) herein; 
 
(c)    bonds issued by a Covered Reference Entity prior to 25 August 2017; and 
 
(d)    any other debt that is covered by an Order. 
 
1.7.7.4    Any debt that would be Restricted Debt pursuant to Condition 1.7.7.3 above shall not be Restricted Debt if it is: 
 
(a)    subject to an exception to an Order, by licence, FAQ or other interpretive statement by OFAC; or 
 
(b)    specified in OFAC’s General Licence 3 to the Order (Authorizing Transactions Related to, Provision of Financing for, and Other 
Dealings in Certain Bonds). 
 
1.7.7.5    Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a Covered Reference Entity, notwithstanding the 
definition of “Obligation” in Condition 2 below, any obligation that is Restricted Debt  shall be an "Excluded Obligation". 
 
1.7.7.6    Unless and until all sanctions imposed by any and all Orders are lifted on a Covered Reference Entity, notwithstanding the 
definition of ["Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Selected Obligation"]*, any obligation that is Restricted Debt shall be an ["Excluded 
Deliverable Obligation"]** ["Excluded Selected Obligation"]*. 
 
1.7.7.7    A Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may determine whether any debt is subject to an exception to the definition 
of Restricted Debt pursuant to Condition 1.7.7.4(a) above or whether all sanctions have been lifted pursuant to Conditions 1.7.7.5 and 
1.7.7.6 above. 
 
1.7.8    Additional provisions applicable if a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is a "Monoline Insurer"

--- Page 499 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
499 
If a Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms is a "Monoline Insurer" (as defined below), then the following provisions will apply 
with respect to this Reference Entity: 
 
1.7.8.1    Specific Definitions  
 
Monoline Insurer means the entities (i) listed in the Monoline Insurer Reference Entities document published by ISDA on 31 August 
2010 which Current Reference Entity Name (as such term is defined in this document) is ACA Financial Guaranty Corporation, Ambac 
Assurance Corporation, Assured Guaranty Corp., CDC IXIS Financial Guaranty North America, Inc, Financial Guaranty Insurance 
Company (FGIC), Assured Guaranty Municipal Corp., MBIA Insurance Corporation, Radian Asset Assurance Inc., Syncora Guarantee 
Inc or any Successor of the aforementioned or (ii) added to the list in (i) above by any document published by ISDA which would 
modify and/or cancel and replace the Monoline Insurer Reference Entities document. 
 
Qualifying Policy means a financial guaranty insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to which a Reference Entity 
irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments (as defined below) of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money 
(modified as set forth below) (the Insured Instrument) for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the 
obligor (the Insured Obligor). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a surety bond, letter of credit or 
equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than the 
payment of Instrument Payments). Whether Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement is applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in 
particular for the purpose of the determination of Obligation and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* in Condition 1.7.8.2 
below, the benefit of a Qualifying Policy must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
 
Instrument Payments means (A) in the case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or 
prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a 
specified date and (B) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in the case of 
both (A) and (B) (1) determined without regard to limited recourse or reduction provisions of the type described in Condition 1.7.8.4 
below and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption 
premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
 
Certificate Balance means, in the case of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
 
1.7.8.2    Obligation and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* 
 
For the purposes of subparagraph (A) of the definition of "Obligation" in Condition 2 below and subparagraph (B) of the definition of 
"[Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]*" in Condition 2 below, the definition of Relevant Guarantee is amended by adding 
"or Qualifying Policy" after "a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee".  
 
1.7.8.3    Interpretation of Provisions 
 
In the event that an Obligation or a [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of the second 
part of the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" in Condition 2 below, starting with "If an Obligation", will apply, with references to the 
Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured 
Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
 
(i)    the Obligation Category Borrowed Money and the Obligation Category and [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* 
Category Bond shall be deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest, the [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* Category Bond shall be deemed to include 
such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and "obligor" as used in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit 
Linked Warrants in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly;  
 
(ii)    references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" in Condition 2 below to the guarantor and 
guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively; 
 
(iii)    neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant date the [Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation Characteristic]* of Accelerated or Matured, whether or not that characteristic is otherwise 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(iv)    if the Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan or Transferable [Deliverable Obligation Characteristics]** [Selected Obligation 
Characteristics]* are specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred 
as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; 
 
(v)    with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term 
"maturity", as such term is used in the Maximum Maturity [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation 
Characteristic]*, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; and

--- Page 500 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
500 
(vi)    with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or 
dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or [Deliverable Obligation Characteristic]** [Selected Obligation 
Characteristic]*, if applicable.  
 
1.7.8.4    Outstanding Principal Balance 
 
References in the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 2 below to a Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and 
the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor respectively. 
Any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets 
(including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured 
Instrument shall be disregarded for the purpose of paragraph (ii)(B) of the definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" in Condition 2 
below, provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues 
to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such limitation 
or reduction. 
 
1.7.8.5    Deliver 
 
For purposes of the definition of "Deliver" in Condition 2 below, "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying Policy means 
to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally 
recognised custodian representing an interest in such an Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and "Delivery" and 
"Delivered" will be construed accordingly. 
 
1.7.8.6    Provisions for Determining a Successor 
 
Sub-sections (A), (D) and (F) of the definition of "Successor" in Condition 2 below are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying 
Policy" after each occurrence of "a Relevant Guarantee". Sub-section (F) of the definition of "Successor" in Condition 2 below is 
amended by adding "or provider of a Qualifying Policy" after "as guarantor or guarantors". 
 
1.7.8.7    Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Substitution Event 
 
The definitions of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation", "Substitute Reference Obligation" and "Substitution Event" in 
Condition 2 below are hereby amended by adding "or Qualifying Policy" after "a guarantee". 
 
1.7.8.8    Restructuring 
 
(a)    With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest or a 
Qualifying Policy with respect thereto, part (A)(1) to (5) in the definition of "Restructuring" of Condition 2 below is amended to read as 
follows: 
 
(1)    a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(x) of the definition of "Instrument Payment" 
that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
 
(2)    a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(y) of the definition of "Instrument Payment" that 
are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
 
(3)    a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of the Instrument Payments described 
in clause (A)(x) of the definition of "Instrument Payment" or (B) the payment of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(y) of 
the definition of "Instrument Payment", in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy;  
 
(4)    a change in the ranking in priority of payment of (A) any Obligation under a Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, 
causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation or (B) any Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of 
such Insured Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest issued 
by the Insured Obligor, it being understood that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such change that 
results in a lower ranking under a priority of payments provision applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
 
(5)    any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to 
any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States and the euro 
and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which, in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which 
succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
 
(b)    Subparagraph (B)(4) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Condition 2 below is deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following: 
 
"the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above in 
circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (A)(5) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority or a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or, in the case of Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) the Qualifying 
Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which

--- Page 501 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
501 
the Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and (B) such event is 
not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying Policy". 
 
(c)    Paragraphs (C), (D) and (E) of the definition of "Restructuring" in Condition 2 below are deleted in their entirety and replaced by 
the following:  
 
"(C)    For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, paragraph (F) below and the definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and 
an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (B) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
 
(D)    If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) 
above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the 
resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
 
(E)    For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, paragraph (F) below and the definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Insured Instruments for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case of a Qualifying 
Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the Insured 
Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (B) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity.  
 
(F)    Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, then, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in paragraphs (A), (B), (C) and (E) above, the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events 
described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a 
Multiple Holder Obligation." 
 
1.7.8.9    Fully Transferable Obligation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
 
In the event that a Fully Transferable Obligation or Conditionally Transferable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument 
must meet the requirements of the relevant definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer 
of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument. References 
in the definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation" to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer 
and insuring, respectively. With respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial 
interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is used in the definitions of "Mod R", "Mod Mod R" and "Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date" in Condition 2 below, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
 
1.7.8.10 Other Provisions 
 
For purposes of the definitions of "Prohibited Action", "Credit Event" and "Deliver" in Condition 2 below, references to the Underlying 
Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. Any 
transfer or similar fee reasonably incurred by the Issuer or Societe Generale in connection with the Delivery of a Qualifying Policy and 
payable to the Reference Entity in respect thereof shall be deducted from the [Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount]** [Credit Event 
Payment Amount]* equally on the [Physical Settlement Date]** [Settlement Date]*.  
 
1.7.9    Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the "2014 CoCo Supplement " is applicable 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "2014 CoCo Supplement" is applicable to the Transaction Type with respect to a 
Reference Entity, then the following provisions will apply with respect to such Reference Entity: 
 
1.7.9.1    Additional definitions 
 
Condition 2.3 is hereby amended by the addition of the following new definitions: 
 
CoCo Provision means, with respect to an Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the 
amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital 
Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. 
 
Trigger Percentage means the trigger percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such trigger percentage is 
specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
 
Capital Ratio means the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets applicable to the Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect 
from time to time. 
 
1.7.9.2    Other Provisions 
 
A CoCo Provision shall be deemed to be a provision which permits a Governmental Intervention for all purposes under these Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants.

--- Page 502 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
502 
 
If, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, the 
operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental 
Intervention within the meaning of Condition 2 below. 
 
1.7.10    Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that 
"No Asset Package Delivery" is applicable 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "No Asset Package Delivery" is applicable to the Transaction Type with respect to a 
Reference Entity, then the following provisions will apply with respect to such Reference Entity: 
 
it shall be deemed that no Package Observable Bond nor Prior Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, exists with respect to such 
Reference Entity (even if such a Package Observable Bond or Prior Deliverable Obligation, as per Condition 2 below, has been 
published by ISDA or specified by the Calculation Agent), and, Asset Package Delivery shall not apply thereto. 
 
1.7.11     Additional provisions applicable for a Reference Entity in respect of which the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the "Senior Non-Preferred Supplement" is applicable 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Senior Non-Preferred Supplement" is applicable to the Transaction Type with respect 
to a Reference Entity, then the following provisions will apply with respect to such Reference Entity: 
 
1.7.11.1    Additional definitions  
 
Condition 2 below is hereby amended by the addition of the following new definitions: 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the "Senior 
Non-Preferred Supplement" is applicable to the Transaction Type with respect to such Reference Entity. A Senior Non-Preferred 
Transaction shall constitute a Subordinated Transaction as defined in Condition 2 below. 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which is Subordinated (as defined in Condition 2 
below) only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would 
be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated Obligations of 
the Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated Obligation as defined in Condition 2 
below. 
 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means (without limitation), in respect of a Senior Non-Preferred Obligation, (i) Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which are 
Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a Further 
Subordinated Obligation for the purposes of Condition 2 below. 
 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means any obligation of the Reference Entity which meets the conditions set out in Article 63 of 
Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013, as such Article may be amended or replaced 
from time to time (the CRR) or which are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
 
Subordination means as defined in Condition 2 below and such term shall be applied in the assessment of any Obligation without 
regard to how the Obligation is described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any characterisation of the Obligation as 
senior or unsubordinated by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction. 
 
1.7.11.2    Other provisions 
 
Paragraph (a) of the definition "Reference Obligation" in Condition 2 below is amended by adding “provided that, irrespective of any 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard 
Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall be deemed to 
constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity 
is specified on the SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be 
deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable to the Reference Entity and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level 
Standard Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior Reference Obligation” after “if any”. 
 
The definition "Seniority Level" in Condition 2 below is deleted and replaced with the following wording: “Seniority Level” means 
Senior Non-Preferred Level. 
 
1.8    No Frustration 
 
In the absence of other reasons, performance of the Issuer’s obligations under the Credit  Linked Warrants will not be considered 
frustrated, or otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
 
(a)    a Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Issue Date; and/or

--- Page 503 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
503 
 
(b)    Obligations, [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligations, Specified Deliverable Obligations or Reference Obligations do not exist on, 
or cease to exist on or following, the Issue Date. 
 
1.9    Timing 
 
Subject to the paragraph below and the provisions relating to Notices set out herein, in order to determine the day on which an event 
occurs, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event 
occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight. 
 
If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, 
then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective 
of the time zone of its place of payment. 
 
1.10    Reference Entities Switch and/or Settlement Date Extension at the option of the Issuer 
 
1.10.1    Specific Definitions 
 
Reference Entities Switch means, with respect to the Reference Portfolio comprising a given Markit index components as Reference 
Entity(ies) as described in “Annex for Credit Linked Warrants” of the applicable Final Terms (the initial Reference Portfolio), the 
replacement of any components of the initial Reference Portfolio by the components of the Amended Reference Portfolio, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Amended Reference Portfolio means the portfolio comprising the Reference Entities, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
following the occurrence of the Reference Entities Switch, provided that the Amended Reference Portfolio shall always refer to the 
same Markit index family (but a different Series) than the initial Reference Portfolio, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Settlement Date Extension means the extension, if any, of the Settlement  Date or Scheduled Settlement Date, as the case may 
be, specified in the applicable Final terms (respectively the initial Settlement Date or the initial Scheduled Settlement Date) by up to 
7 calendar months (respectively the Amended Settlement  Date or the Amended Scheduled  Settlement Date), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
1.10.2    Reference Entities Switch and/or Settlement Date Extension 
 
With respect to Tranche Warrants and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause “Reference Entities Switch and/or 
Settlement Date Extension at the option of the Issuer” is “Applicable,” the Credit LinkeWarrants are subject to, from and including the 
Issue Date to and including the day falling 1 calendar year after the Issue Date, (i) Reference Entities Switch and/or (ii) Settlement 
Date Extension, at the option of the Issuer, upon giving notice to the Warrantholders, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices) of the 
General Terms and Conditions pursuant to a notice period (the Notice Period) specified in the applicable Final Terms (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date for the Reference Entities Switch and Settlement Date Extension).  
 
If a Notice of Pending Credit Event or a Credit Event Notice, in respect of the initial Reference Portfolio, has been delivered prior to, 
or is delivered to the Warrantholders on the same day as, or after, any such notice of Reference Entities Switch and Settlement Date 
Extension, the latter will prevail and any previously delivered such Notice of Pending Credit Event or Credit Event Notice shall be 
deemed to be void and of no effect. 
 
A revised Reference Entity, Amended Reference Portfolio, Amended Settlement Date or Amended Scheduled Settlement Date (as 
the case may be) will be deemed a Reference Entity, Reference Portfolio, Settlement Date or Scheduled Settlement Date respectively. 
 
1.11    Amendments to these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants  
 
The Calculation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, from time to time amend any provision of 
these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and/or the applicable Final Terms (i) to incorporate and/or reflect 
and/or take account of (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to credit 
derivative transactions which may, without limitation, relate to one or more Reference Entities or Reference Entity types and/or the 
settlement of credit derivative transactions and/or (y) the operation or application of determinations by any Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and/or (ii) in any manner which the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines is necessary or desirable (including from the perspective of Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates) 
to reflect or account for market practice for credit derivatives transactions and/or to eliminate or account for any provisions of the 
Hedge Positions with the aim of ensuring no mismatch or discrepancy between rights and obligations under the Hedge Positions and 
under the Credit Linked Warrants. Such amendments may include, without limitation, varying any date or timing or procedures 
provided for in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and/or the applicable Final Terms. PROVIDED 
THAT, subject as set out in the next paragraph of this Condition 1.11, such amendments may not include changes to the currency of 
the Warrants, the Cash Settlement Amount or Physical Delivery Amount, as the case may be, payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Credit Linked Warrants on the Expiration Date of the Credit Linked Warrants.

--- Page 504 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
504 
In the event that such amendments lead to a revised Reference Entity then a Credit Event may be triggered on such revised Reference 
Entity and the consequential provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants will apply in the usual 
manner. 
 
Any amendment made pursuant to this paragraph will be notified to Warrantholders pursuant to the provisions of Condition 12 of the 
General Terms and Conditions. 
 
 
2. Definitions 
 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, 
termination or otherwise is due and payable in full in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws. 
 
Additional LPN means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (an LPN) by an entity (the LPN Issuer) for the sole 
purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to (A) finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the Underlying Loan); or (B) provide 
finance to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument (the Underlying Finance Instrument); 
provided that, (i) either (a) in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN the Underlying Loan satisfies the 
Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Reference Entity; or (b) in the event that there is an Underlying Finance 
Instrument with respect to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not 
Domestic Currency Obligation Characteristics; (ii) the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics or Selected 
Obligation Characteristics (as applicable): Transferable, Not Bearer, Specified Currency- Standard Specified Currencies, Not 
Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and (iii) the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking 
Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as 
applicable) for the benefit of the holders of the LPNs.  
 
Additional Obligation means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final 
Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, 
as of the Issue Date, which list is currently available at http://www.markit.com (or any successor website thereto) or as stipulated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly 
or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any 
entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned. 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount means at any time: 
 
(A)    for a Basket Warrant that is not a Tranche Warrant, the aggregate of the Loss Amount in respect of all Reference Entities in 
respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred; or 
 
(B)    for a Tranche Warrant, the lowest of: 
 
(i)    the Tranche Notional Amount; and 
 
(ii)    the highest of (x) zero and (y) the difference between (xx) the aggregate of the Loss Amount for all Reference Entities in respect 
of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and (xy) the Tranche Subordination Amount. 
 
Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount means, as of the Issue Date, in respect of an Issue of Warrants, the product of the Notional 
Amount per Warrant multiplied by the number of Warrants in respect of such Issue of Warrants. 
 
Alternative Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Warrant, an amount of Deliverable Assets with a market value equal to (i) 
where one or more Credit Events has occurred, the relevant Credit Event Payment Amount as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms if Condition 1.1.3.3 above apply or (ii) where a Credit Event 
has not occurred, the Physical Delivery Amount. 
 
American Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Warrants that the Settlement Type specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is "American Settlement". 
 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other consent fee), right and/or other 
asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or provided by the relevant Reference Entity or a third party 
(or any value which was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or asset no longer exists). 
 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by reference to an appropriate 
specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion received or retained by a 
Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond, as the case may be).  If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combinations of 
Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the 
Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 505 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
505 
 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
 
(a)    (i) if Financial Reference Entity Terms and Governmental Intervention is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) if Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and such Restructuring 
does not constitute a Governmental Intervention, a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation; and 
 
(b)    if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and Restructuring is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Restructuring,  
 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice. 
 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior 
to the First Credit Event Occurrence Date or such later date determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any 
Hedge Position, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset 
Package Credit Event. 
 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a minimum, commercial banks or financial 
institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower 
if such Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Assignable 
Loan is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only 
with respect to Loans and shall only be relevant if Loans are covered by the specified [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category. 
 
Attachment Point means in respect of Tranche Warrants, the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
Auction has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
 
Auction Cancellation Date has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
 
Auction Method means that, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, 
the Final Value will be determined by reference to the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
 
Bankruptcy means a Reference Entity: 
 
(A)    is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
 
(B)    becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding 
or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
 
(C)    makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a 
general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
 
(D)    institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief 
under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a 
judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation or (ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
 
(E)    has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
 
(F)    seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
 
(G)    has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; 
or 
 
(H)    causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect 
to any of the events specified in paragraphs (A) to (G) (inclusive) of this definition of Bankruptcy. 
 
Basket Warrant means a Credit Linked Warrant indexed on several Reference Entities for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is "Basket Warrants". 
 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a 
bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money.

--- Page 506 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
506 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan. 
 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for which there are no 
outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
 
Business Day means, the days specified in the applicable Final Terms [and solely for the purposes of physical settlement, if 
applicable, a day in any other jurisdiction in which a bank must be open in order to effect settlement of any Deliverable Obligations 
being Delivered]**. 
 
Cash Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Warrants that the Settlement Method specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
"Cash Settlement". 
 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means: 
 
(A)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement":  
 
A Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds and 
in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, provided, however, that a 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity 
is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms 
of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, 
clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of 
the definition of Conditionally Transferable Obligation. 
 
Where Mod Mod R applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or transfer, and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not 
a reason is given for such refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received by the 
Physical Settlement Date (in which case it shall be deemed to have been refused), the cash settlement provisions described in 
Condition 1 above shall apply. 
 
(B)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement":  
 
A Selected Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible 
Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Selected Obligation other than Bonds and in each 
case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, provided, however, that a Selected 
Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or 
the guarantor, if any, of a Selected Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Selected Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of 
such Selected Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification 
of novation, assignment or transfer of a Selected Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent 
or paying agent for a Selected Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of the definition of 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation. 
 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in 
accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*. 
 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the consent of the relevant Reference 
Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing 
such Loan) or any agent. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Consent Required Loan is specified as "Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic 
had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans (and shall only be relevant if 
Loans are covered by the specified [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Category). 
 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established by ISDA pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes 
of reaching certain DC Resolutions (including, but not limited to, the determination of the occurrence of a Credit Event and the 
establishment of the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) in connection with "Credit Derivative Transactions" as more fully 
described in the DC Rules. 
 
Credit Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence during the period 
from and including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date of one or more of: 
 
Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental 
Intervention, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 507 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
507 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such 
occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
 
(A)    any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying 
Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
 
(B)    any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any 
Underlying Obligation, however described; 
 
(C)    any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
 
(D)    the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any 
monetary or other authority, however described. 
 
A Credit Event need not be continuing on the Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
Credit Event Determination Date means, in relation to a Credit Event, the date specified in the related Credit Event Notice, which 
date will be, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (a) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date in respect of such Credit 
Event; (b) such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, including 
without limitation, by reference to Hedge Positions; or (c) if no such date is specified, the date the Credit Event Notice is delivered.  
 
In respect of Short Warrants, a Credit Event Determination Date will be deemed to have occurred each time a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity, and a Credit Event Notice shall be delivered accordingly. 
 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notice that is effective during the Notice Delivery Period delivered by or on behalf of the 
Issuer to the Warrantholders that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or prior to the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. A 
Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Credit Event has 
occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of a Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the Credit Event Determination Date. 
Unless Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Credit Event Notice 
contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
 
Credit Event Payment Amount means: 
 
(a)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement":  
In respect of each Credit Linked Warrant for which physical settlement is partially or totally Illegal or Impossible, an amount equal to 
the sum of each Credit Event Payment Amount per Undeliverable Obligation; or 
 
(b)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
 
(i)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and 
the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of the Final Value 
multiplied by the Nominal Amount of each Warrant minus the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
 
(ii)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1) the 
Principal Credit Factor and (2) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant minus the product of (a) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant, 
(b) the Principal Loss Factor and (c) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, minus the Unwind Costs in 
respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
 
(iii)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and 
the Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the difference between (1) the 
product of (x) the positive difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value (expressed as a percentage) and (y) the 
Nominal Amount of each Warrant and (2) the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
 
(iv)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants that are Short Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor 
and/or the Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal to the product of (1) the 
Principal Credit Factor and (2) the difference between (a) the product of (x) the Principal Loss Factor, (y) the positive difference 
between the Reference Price and the Final Value (expressed as a percentage) and (z) the Nominal Amount of each Warrant and (b) 
the Unwind Costs in respect of the Credit Event Determination Date; or 
 
(v)    in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the 
Principal Loss Factor are both equal to 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to (i) the Relevant 
Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the applicable 
Exercise Date minus (ii) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the 
Expiration Date; or 
 
(vi)    in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Long Warrants where the Principal Credit Factor and/or the 
Principal Loss Factor is different from 100%, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal for each Warrant to the product of (i)

--- Page 508 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
508 
the Principal Credit Factor and (ii) the difference between (x) the Relevant Proportion of the difference between the Aggregate Warrant 
Notional Amount and the product of the Principal Loss Factor and the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the applicable Exercise Date and 
(y) the aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date; or 
 
(vii)    in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants that are Short Warrants, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, equal 
for each Warrant to (i) the Relevant Proportion of the Aggregate Loss Amount as at the applicable Exercise Date minus (ii) the 
aggregate of the Unwind Costs calculated in respect of all Credit Event Determination Dates, as at the Expiration Date.  
 
Credit Event Payment Amount per Undeliverable Obligation means, in respect of one Credit Linked Warrant and an Undeliverable 
Obligation, the product of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable 
Obligation and (ii) the final price of such Undeliverable Obligation determined in accordance with Quotation Dealers Method (save as 
provided below), divided by the number of Warrants in respect of which there are such Undeliverable Obligations. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where Illegal or Impossible is due to the inability to purchase the Specified Deliverable Obligations despite 
the Issuer's reasonable efforts, the final price of the Undeliverable Obligation will be determined in accordance with Auction Method. 
If no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published on or prior to the Credit Valuation Date, such final price will be deemed to 
be zero. 
 
Credit Event Payment Date means: 
 
(a)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
 
The day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants 
or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date or, in relation 
to Basket Warrants and to Tranche Warrants, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, 
 
(b)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement":  
 
The later of (x) the Scheduled Expiration Date and (y) the date determined in accordance with (a) above. 
 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, as publicly announced by the 
DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event 
Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly 
Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question.  
 
Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount means, for each Warrant: 
 
Specified Deliverable Obligations with  
 
(a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are Borrowed Money) or (b) a Due and Payable 
Amount (where such Specified Deliverable Obligations are not Borrowed Money),  
 
in each case determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, subject to a minimum of zero: 
 
A x (B– C) 
 
Where: 
 
A means the Principal Credit Factor; 
 
B means either (i) the Nominal Amount or (ii) the Partial Cancellation Amount (in the event of a Restructuring as contemplated in 
Condition 1.2 above) or (iii) the Multiple Successor Notional Amount (in the circumstances contemplated in Condition 1.3 above); and 
 
C means an equivalent number of Specified Deliverable Obligations with a market value equal to the amount of the Unwind Costs. 
 
Credit Linked Warrant means a Warrant in respect of which these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants and 
the Credit Linked Warrants Provisions in the applicable Final Terms apply.  
 
Credit Valuation Date means: 
 
(A)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement" and the clause "Final Value" is "Fixed 
Recovery": 
 
The date on which the Credit Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the information of the Warrantholders. 
 
(B)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement":  
 
The date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, subject, as the case may be, to Condition 
1.1.2.3. PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the final price of the Undeliverable Obligation on the Credit

--- Page 509 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
509 
Valuation Date (the Original Credit Valuation Date), the Credit Valuation Date will be such later date, within the fifteen (15) Business 
Days' period following the Original Credit Valuation Date, on which the Calculation Agent is able to determine such final price. 
 
(C)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement" and the clause "Final Value" is "Floating 
Recovery": 
 
(1)    If the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to Auction Method, the auction date or any other date specified by the relevant 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms; or 
 
(2)    If the Final Value is to be determined pursuant to Quotation Dealers Method, the Calculation Agent will select a date that is on 
or before the 160th Business Day following the Credit Event Determination Date (the Original Credit Valuation Date), 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Final Value at the latest on the Original Credit Valuation Date, 
the Credit Valuation Date will be such later date, within the fifteen Business Day period following the Original Credit Valuation Date, 
on which the Calculation Agent is able to determine the Final Value, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, under no circumstances will the Final Value be determined later than the 180th Business Day following 
the corresponding Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event with respect to such 
Reference Entity has occurred on or after the First Credit Event Occurrence Date and on or prior to the Last Credit Event Occurrence 
Date, provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the DC Credit Event 
Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a  Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary 
that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question.  
 
DC Credit Event Question means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with 
respect to such Reference Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof).  
 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event 
Question. 
 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means with respect to a Reference Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question 
does not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity (or one or more Obligations thereof). 
 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its website at http://www.isda.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.   
 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules. 
 
Default Requirement means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in each case its equivalent 
in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event). 
 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or 
sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Specified Deliverable Obligations (which shall include 
executing all necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to 
Specified Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Specified 
Deliverable Obligations to the relevant Warrantholder or Warrantholders free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or 
encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearance system, but including, without limitation, 
any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set out in paragraphs (A) to (D) of the definition 
of Credit Event above) or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or, as applicable any Underlying Obligor) provided that if a 
Specified Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, Deliver means to Deliver both the Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee, provided 
further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, Deliver means to deliver the Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any 
amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly. In the case of a Loan, Delivery 
shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for 
Delivery of such Loan at that time. 
 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by 
Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it 
corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) the above paragraph of this definition of Deliver shall be 
deemed to apply to each Asset in the Asset Package provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if it were a 
Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable (or equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency of the Credit Linked Warrants) of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or

--- Page 510 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
510 
Package Observable Bond otherwise due shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on 
which the Notice of Physical Settlement is delivered to Warrantholders, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of 
the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct 
proportion, and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to 
be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value. 
 
Deliverable Obligation means any of: 
 
(A)    the Reference Obligation(s) (if any); 
 
(B)    any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee), described by the Deliverable 
Obligation Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (as of the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that such obligations are Deliverable 
Obligations);  
 
(C)    solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset 
Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation: and 
 
(D)    if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
"Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign),  
 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation has an Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount which is greater than zero (determined for the purposes of paragraph (D) above of this definition, 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event). 
 
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified in the definition 
of Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such assessment shall be made by 
reference to the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Deliverable Obligation 
would otherwise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions 
in the relevant Deliverable Obligation shall not cause such Deliverable Obligation to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic. 
 
Where a Specified Deliverable Obligation is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency of the Credit Linked 
Warrants, the Calculation Agent will determine the Settlement Currency equivalent of Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as the case may be, in respect of that Specified Deliverable Obligation for the purpose of calculating the Credit 
Linked Physical Delivery Amount determined by reference to the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 pm 
(London time), or any successor rate source selected by the Calculation Agent on the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement 
is effective (or, if the Notice of Physical Settlement is changed on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the date on which notice 
of the last such change is effective) or, if the cash settlement provisions apply, on the Credit Valuation Date, or on such other date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Positions and, if such rate is not available at such 
time, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate. 
 
Deliverable Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond 
or Loan, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of Reference Obligation Only, no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
shall be applicable. 
 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, 
Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Not Bearer, Maximum 
Maturity, Not Domestic Issuance and Accelerated or Matured as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If more than one of Assignable Loan and Consent Required Loan are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Deliverable Obligation may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics.  
 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an 
obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant 
obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail 
to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
 
Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest means: 
 
(a)    if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement": 
 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless 
"Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in which case, the Outstanding

--- Page 511 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
511 
Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine); or 
 
(b)    if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
 
and: 
 
(i)    "Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Selected Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
 
(ii)    "Exclude Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Selected Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
 
(iii)    neither "Include Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued 
Interest" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice 
in the market of the relevant Selected Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Selected Obligation shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
 
Detachment Point means in respect of Tranche Warrants the number (expressed as a percentage) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and any successor currency thereto (or if 
no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a 
Sovereign).  
 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the 
jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity, whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, 
more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Reference Entity. 
 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference Entity under the obligation whether 
by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups 
and other similar amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) is subject to any 
Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the 
terms of the obligation in effect on the date selected by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions. 
 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made public without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
 
Eligible Transferee means: 
 
(A)    any (i) bank or other financial institution; (ii) insurance or reinsurance company; (iii) mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective 
investment vehicle (other than an entity specified in subparagraph (C)(i) below); and (iv) registered or licensed broker or dealer (other 
than a natural person or proprietorship); provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
 
(B)    an Affiliate of an entity specified in the preceding paragraph (A); 
 
(C)    each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: (i) that is an investment vehicle (including, 
without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) 
that (1) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (2) is one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or 
management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 100,000,000; (ii) that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
or (iii) the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit 
or keepwell, support or other agreement by an entity described in paragraphs (A), (B), (C)(ii) or (D) of this definition; and 
 
(D)      
    (1) any Sovereign; (2) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns 
including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.  
 
All references in this definition of Eligible Transferee to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
European Settlement means in respect of Credit Linked Warrants that the Settlement Type specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is "European Settlement". 
 
Event-linked Early Expiration Date means a date that is a Payment Business Day and that is the later of:

--- Page 512 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
512 
(1)    the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date); or 
 
(2)    the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants 
or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in relation 
to Basket Warrants and to Tranche Warrants, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date if a Credit Event Notice is delivered 
on or before the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; or 
 
(3)    where applicable, the later of the two following dates: 
 
(a)    if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or 
Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, or in the 
case of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, following the last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, 
if: 
 
(i)    a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; 
 
(ii)    the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
 
(iii)    such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date falls after the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; and 
 
(iv)    no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered on or prior to such fourth (or in respect 
of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelfth) Payment 
Business Day; and 
 
(b)    if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is stated as being "Applicable" to the relevant Reference 
Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or 
Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in the case of First-
to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, following the last Grace Period Extension Date if 
 
(i)    a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; 
 
(ii)    such Grace Period Extension Date falls after the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; and 
 
(iii)    no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered on or prior to such fourth (or in respect of 
Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelfth) Payment Business 
Day; or 
 
(4)    where applicable, the later of the two following dates: 
 
(a)    if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or 
Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in the case of 
First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, if: 
 
(i)    a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; 
 
(ii)    the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
 
(iii)    the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date relating to the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium falls after the relevant Scheduled 
Event-linked Early Expiration Date; and 
 
(iv)    a Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered on or prior to the day that is four Payment 
Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish 
Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; and 
 
(b)    if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or 
Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in the case of 
First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, following the last Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date if: 
 
(i)    a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early Expiration Date; 
 
(ii)    the Grace Period Extension Date relating to the Potential Failure to Pay falls after the relevant Scheduled Event-linked Early 
Expiration Date; and

--- Page 513 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
513 
 
(iii)    a Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered on or prior to the day that is four Payment Business 
Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve 
Payment Business Days) following such Grace Period Extension Date. 
 
PROVIDED that, in all cases, if a Notice of Pending Credit Event in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered prior to the Scheduled 
Event-linked Early Expiration Date (or, where applicable, prior to the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of 
Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business 
Days) following (a) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date relating to the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or (b) the 
Grace Period Extension Date relating to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay) and is still effective on the Scheduled Event-linked Early 
Expiration Date (or, where applicable, prior to the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish 
Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following (a) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date relating to the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium or (b) the Grace Period Extension 
Date relating to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay), the Event-linked Early Expiration Date will be either the date that falls five 
Payment Business Days before the day on which the Suspended Amounts are paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the 
Warrantholders or, if a Credit Event Notice relating to the event in the Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered, the day that is four 
Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated 
Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following the related Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
 
(a)    any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(b)    any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been stripped; and 
 
(c)    if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event.  
 
Excluded Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
(a)    any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(b)    if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Credit Linked Warrants 
constitute a “Senior Transaction” in respect of the Reference Entity, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
 
(c)    if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Credit Linked Warrants 
constitute a “Subordinated Transaction” in respect of the Reference Entity, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
 
Excluded Selected Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and unless provided otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
(a)    any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(b)    any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been stripped; and 
 
(c)    if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event.  
 
Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Credit Event: 
 
(A)    if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
 
(1)    the Relevant City Business Day (as defined in the DC Rules) prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date (as specified in 
the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms), if any; or 
 
(2)    the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
 
(3)    the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any; or 
 
(4)    in case sub-sections (A)(1) to (A)(3) above do not apply, the date that is 150 Business Days after the Credit Event Determination 
Date; or 
 
(5)    such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Positions. 
 
(B)    if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, and: 
 
(1)    the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; or

--- Page 514 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
514 
 
(2)    a No Auction Announcement Date occurs, the date that is 14 calendar days following such No Auction Announcement Date; or 
 
(3)    in case sub-sections (B)(1) and (B)(2) above do not apply, the date that is 150 Business Days after the Credit Event Determination 
Date; or 
 
(4)    such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Positions. 
 
 Expiration Date means: 
 
(A)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement": 
 
(1)    the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Expiration Date); or 
 
(2)    the [Physical Settlement Date (or the later of the Physical Settlement Date and the Credit Event Payment Date if the provisions 
of Condition 1.1.3 above apply)]** [Credit Event Payment Date]* if a Credit Event Notice is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period; 
or 
 
(3)    the later of the two following dates: 
 
(a)    if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or 
Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, or in the 
case of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, following the last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date, 
if: 
 
(1)    a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date; 
 
(2)    the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied; 
 
(3)    such Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date falls after the Scheduled Expiration Date; and 
 
(4)    no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period; and 
 
(b)    if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Grace Period Extension" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
 
the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or 
Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in the case of First-
to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, following the last Grace Period Extension Date if: 
 
(1)    a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date; 
 
(2)    such Grace Period Extension Date falls after the Scheduled Expiration Date; and 
 
(3)    no Credit Event Notice in respect of such Potential Failure to Pay is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period. 
 
(B)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement": the later of the dates set out 
in subparagraphs (A)(1), (A)(2) and (A)(3) above. 
PROVIDED that, in all cases, if a Notice of Pending Credit Event in relation to a Reference Entity is delivered prior to the Scheduled 
Expiration Date and is still effective on the Scheduled Expiration Date, the Expiration Date will be either the date that falls five Payment 
Business Days before the day on which the Suspended Amounts are paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the Warrantholders 
or, if a Credit Event Notice relating to the event in the Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered, the [Physical Settlement Date]** 
[Credit Event Payment Date]*. 
 
Extension Date means the later of (i) the Scheduled Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day (or in respect of Uncertificated 
Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the twelfth Business Day) following the 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, or, in the event of delivery of a Notice of Pending Credit Event, the date that is 110 Business 
Days following the DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement. 
 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations 
at the time of such failure.  
 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it 
shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity.

--- Page 515 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
515 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available 
market rate of conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure 
to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
 
Fallback Settlement Event means: 
 
(a) a No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (a) or (c)(i) of the definition thereof; 
 
(b) an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; or 
 
(c) a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs. 
 
A Fallback Settlement Event may occur on any date from and including the Credit Event Determination Date to and including the 
160th Business Day following the Credit Event Determination Date.  
 
Final List has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
  
Final Price means in respect of a [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation: 
 
a quotation (expressed as a percentage) of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of such 
[Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation, obtained from Quotation Dealers in the manner provided below.  
 
The Calculation Agent will require each Quotation Dealer to provide quotations to the extent reasonably practicable at approximately 
11.00 a.m. in the principal trading market of the relevant [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation or such other location as selected 
by the Calculation Agent.  
 
To such end: 
 
(A)    If the Calculation Agent obtains more than three Full Quotations on the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be the arithmetic 
mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full Quotations with the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations will be disregarded). 
 
(B)    If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain more than three Full Quotations, but obtains exactly three Full Quotations on the 
Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations 
(and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full 
Quotations will be disregarded). 
 
(C)    If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain three Full Quotations, but obtains exactly two Full Quotations on the Credit Valuation 
Date, the Final Price will be the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations. 
 
(D)    If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two Full Quotations, but obtains a Weighted Average Quotation on the Credit 
Valuation Date, the Final Price will be such Weighted Average Quotation. 
 
(E)    If the Calculation Agent obtains fewer than two Full Quotations and no Weighted Average Quotation on the Credit Valuation 
Date, then the Final Price will be an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which the 
Calculation Agent obtains two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain 
two or more Full Quotations or a Weighted Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the fifteenth Business Day 
following the Credit Valuation Date, the Final Price will be deemed to be (i) in respect of Long Warrants, zero, or (ii) in respect of Short 
Warrants, the weighted average of any firm quotations for the [Selected]* [Undeliverable]** Obligation obtained from Quotation Dealers 
with respect to the aggregate portion of the Quotation Amount for which such quotations were obtained and a quotation deemed to 
be zero for the balance of the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained. 
 
Final Valuation Notice means the notice delivered on the Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, specifying: 
 
(A)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement": 
 
(1)    except if the Final Value is specified as Fixed Recovery in the applicable Final Terms or (assuming Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms are published on or before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date and there is no 
occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event) if the Final Value is specified as Floating Recovery and Auction Method is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Selected Obligations (with an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, equal to the [Aggregate] Exercise Amount);  
 
(2)    the Credit Event Payment Amount; and 
 
(3)    the Credit Event Payment Date. 
 
(B)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement" and the provisions of Condition 
1.1.2 apply:

--- Page 516 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
516 
 
The Credit Event Payment Amount per Undeliverable Obligation (if any). 
 
Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date means the day (such day being expected to be no later than the 7th Business Day following 
the Credit Valuation Date) on which the Calculation Agent delivers the Final Valuation Notice on behalf of the Issuer to the relevant 
Clearing Systems, for the information of the Warrantholders. 
 
Final Value means, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, either: 
 
(A)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Final Value" is "Fixed Recovery":  
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(B)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Final Value" is "Floating Recovery": 
 
(1)    If Auction Method is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and therefore the Final Value is to be determined 
pursuant to a Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and if a Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 
Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date, that provides for the valuation of obligations of a Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event has occurred, subject to the occurrence of a Fallback Settlement Event, the Auction Final Price (as 
specified in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and expressed as a percentage) determined, if any, under such 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and applicable to the seniority of the Reference Obligation; or  
 
(2)    If (i) Auction Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) a Fallback Settlement Event occurs or (y) no Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event Determination Date, or (ii) Quotation 
Dealers Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on the Credit Valuation 
Date as follows: 
 
(a)    the Final Price if there is only one Selected Obligation; or 
 
(b)    the weighted average of the Final Prices of the Selected Obligations if the latter are a portfolio, 
 
in each case, minus the Valuation Hedging Cost for such Selected Obligation(s). 
 
First Credit Event Occurrence Date is the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
First Ranking Interest means a charge, security interest (or other type of interest having similar effect) (an LPN Interest), which is 
expressed as being "first ranking", "first priority", or similar (First Ranking) in the document creating such LPN Interest 
(notwithstanding that such LPN Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant insolvency jurisdiction of 
the LPN Issuer). 
 
First-to-Default Warrant means a Credit Linked Warrant indexed on two or more Reference Entities, in respect of which the First-to-
Default Reference Entity will be treated as if it were the sole Reference Entity and for which the Type of Credit Linked Warrants is 
specified as "First-to-Default Warrants" in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
First-to-Default Reference Entity means the first Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event occurs and a Credit Event 
Notice and, if applicable a Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been sent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 1. 
If the Type of Credit Linked Warrants is specified as "First-to-Default Warrants" in the applicable Final Terms, the definitions of 
Obligation or [Deliverable Obligation]** [Selected Obligation]* shall be construed as though such definitions had been specified only 
with respect to the First-to-Default Reference Entity. 
 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the Reference Entity in respect of 
some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by 
reference to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable 
pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
 
Fixed Recovery means in respect of Credit Linked Warrants that the Final Value specified in the applicable Final Terms is specified 
as "Fixed Recovery: [●] per cent.". 
 
Floating Recovery means in respect of Credit Linked Warrants that the Final Value specified in the applicable Final Terms is specified 
either as "Floating Recovery with Auction Method" or "Floating Recovery with Quotation Dealers Method". 
 
Full Quotation means with respect to Long Warrants each firm bid quotation and with respect to Short Warrants each firm offer 
quotation, in both cases, obtained from a Quotation Dealer for an amount equal to the Quotation Amount.  
 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or 
capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
[Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation other than Bonds and in each case, as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to Hedge Positions. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition.

--- Page 517 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
517 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated 
Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
 
Governmental Authority means: 
 
(i)    any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
 
(ii)    any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body;  
 
(iii)    any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or 
supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of a Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or  
 
(iv)    any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above. 
 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, 
by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or 
regulation), in each case, applicable to a Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
 
(i)    any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause 
 
(A)    a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of 
redenomination); 
 
(B)    a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
 
(C)    a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest or (B) the payment of 
principal or premium; or 
 
(D)    a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation; 
 
(ii)    an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the Obligation; 
 
(iii)    a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
 
(iv)    any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this definition. 
 
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity 
is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
 
Grace Period means: 
 
(A)    subject to paragraphs (B) and (C) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments under and in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
 
(B)    if Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on 
or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior 
to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and thirty 
calendar days or such other period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
(C)    if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to payments or a grace period with 
respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that; unless Grace Period Extension is 
specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date. 
 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle 
payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not 
so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Business Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation 
Currency. 
 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and 
(b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, the date that is the number of 
days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay.  
 
If Grace Period Extension is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply to 
the Credit Linked Warrants.

--- Page 518 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
518 
 
Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) means the mean solar time at the Greenwich meridian, in Greenwich, London. 
 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
 
Hedge Positions means as defined in Condition 5.8.3 of the General Terms and Conditions, provided that for the purposes of these 
Additional Terms and Conditions, Hedge Positions will be deemed to include the Optional Hedge Positions (if any). 
 
Illegal or Impossible means, in respect of the Delivery of any Specified Deliverable Obligations, that it is illegal or impossible for the 
Issuer to Deliver or for a Warrantholder to take Delivery of all or part of such Specified Deliverable Obligations because of: 
 
(A)    any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints affecting the Delivery of the Specified Deliverable Obligations (including, 
without limitation, any laws, regulations, court orders, other governmental or regulatory constraints, the specific terms or conditions of 
the Specified Deliverable Obligations or failure to obtain the relevant consents, including but not limited to the consent of the Reference 
Entity and the guarantor (if any) of the Reference Entity or the consent of the applicable borrower in the case of a Specified Deliverable 
Obligation guaranteed by the Reference Entity); or 
 
(B)    any event which is beyond the control of the Issuer (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant Clearing System, the 
refusal by a Warrantholder to take Delivery of any of the Specified Deliverable Obligations, or the inability to purchase the Deliverable 
Obligations despite the Issuer's reasonable efforts); or 
 
(C)    any event which is beyond the control of a Warrantholder due to its specific situation. 
 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, as the case may be, the 
package of assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of 
amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest 
Asset Package will be the package of assets with the highest immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, including (without limitation) any Hedge Positions and the methodology, if any, 
determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
 
Last Credit Event Occurrence Date means the latest of: 
 
(A)    the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date;  
 
(B)    if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Repudiation/Moratorium" is "Applicable" to the relevant Reference Entity: 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), or, in the case of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche 
Warrants, the last Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any); and 
 
(C)    if the applicable Final Terms specify that "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are "Applicable" to the relevant Reference 
Entity: 
the Grace Period Extension Date, or, in the case of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the last Grace 
Period Extension Date, if the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. 
 
Latest Notification Date means the 30th Business Day following the Exercise Cut-off Date provided that it will be no later than the 
180th Business Day after the Credit Event Determination Date. 
 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means the day that is 60 Business Days after the date on which a Notice of Physical 
Settlement is delivered to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
Limitation Date means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to occur on or immediately following 
the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: two and a half years (the 2.5-year Limitation 
Date), five years, seven and a half years, ten years (the 10-year Limitation Date), twelve and a half years, fifteen years, or twenty 
years as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange: 
 
(A)    if the Obligation Characteristic Listed is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be 
construed as though Listed had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; and 
 
(B)    if the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Listed is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that is documented by a term loan 
agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
 
Long Warrants means Credit Linked Warrants in respect of which "Long Warrants" is specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Loss Amount means:

--- Page 519 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
519 
 
(A)    In respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is 
"Not Applicable"  
 
In relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, subject 
to a minimum of zero. 
 
(B)    In respect of Tranche Warrants if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable": 
 
In relation to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred: 
 
(1)    which has a Ranking strictly lower than N: an amount equal to the product of (i) the Reference Entity Notional Amount and (ii) 
the Reference Price. 
 
(2)    which has a Ranking higher than or equal to N and lower than or equal to M: an amount equal to the product of (i) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and (ii) the difference between the Reference Price and the Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero. 
 
(3)    which has a Ranking strictly higher than M: an amount equal to zero. 
 
LPN Reference Obligation means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, any 
change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation 
from constituting a Reference Obligation. Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds for the 
LPN Issuer to finance a loan to the Reference Entity. For the purposes of the Credit Linked Warrants each such loan shall be an 
Underlying Loan. For the avoidance of doubt with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or an 
Underlying Finance Instrument, the Outstanding Principal Balance, shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or 
Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation. The definitions of "Substitute Reference 
Obligation(s)" and "Substitution Event" shall not be applicable to LPN Reference Obligations. 
 
M means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the Ranking above which the Aggregate Loss 
Amount ceases to increase. 
 
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" or "Mod Mod R" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Maximum Maturity means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than the period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (or if no such period is specified, thirty years). 
For purposes of the application of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Maximum Maturity, remaining maturity shall 
be determined on the basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination, 
and in the case of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly engaged in or established for the 
purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, securities and other financial assets. 
 
Mod R means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a 
Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer, then unless the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, that a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation may 
only be specified in the [Notice of Physical Settlement]** [Final Valuation Notice]* if it (i) is a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has 
a final maturity date not later than the applicable Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the date(s) determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to any applicable Hedge Positions. 
 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall be determined on the basis of the terms 
of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a [Deliverable]** 
[Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on which such determination is 
made. 
 
PROVIDED that if a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to (b) of the definition thereof with respect to Credit 
Derivatives Transactions (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) relating to the relevant Reference Entity and 
having a Scheduled Termination Date (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) comparable to the Scheduled 
Expiration Date of the Credit Linked Warrants, the condition set out in (ii) above shall not be applicable. 
 
PROVIDED FURTHER that, whether or not Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may, by 
reference to Hedge Positions, deem the condition set out in (ii) above to be not applicable. 
 
Mod Mod R means, if specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and if Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified 
in a Credit Event Notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer, then unless the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, that a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* 
Obligation may only be specified in the [Notice of Physical Settlement]** [Final Valuation Notice]* if it (i) is a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, 
as of the date(s) determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Hedge Positions.

--- Page 520 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
520 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of the paragraph above in this definition of Mod Mod R, in the case of a Restructured 
Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall 
be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant 
Restructuring. 
 
For the purposes of making a determination pursuant to the above, final maturity date shall, subject as set out above, be determined 
on the basis of the terms of the [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the 
case of a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be deemed to be the date on 
which such determination is made.  
 
PROVIDED that if a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to (b) of the definition thereof with respect to Credit 
Derivatives Transactions (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) relating to the relevant Reference Entity and 
having a Scheduled Termination Date (as defined in the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) comparable to the Scheduled 
Expiration Date of the Warrants, the condition set out in (ii) above shall not be applicable. 
 
PROVIDED FURTHER that, whether or not Transaction Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Calculation Agent may, by 
reference to Hedge Positions, deem the condition set out in (ii) above to be not applicable. 
 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation, the Limitation Date 
occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Expiration Date.  
 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Expiration Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Expiration Date. 
 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is 
held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to 
consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to 
satisfy the requirement in this part (ii) of this definition of Multiple Holder Obligation; PROVIDED THAT in relation to a Reference 
Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" 
or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", Multiple Holder Obligation shall be deemed as "Not Applicable" with respect to any 
Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan). 
 
N means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the Ranking starting at which the Aggregate 
Loss Amount will be an amount greater than zero. 
 
No Auction Announcement Date means with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces 
that (a) no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, and if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published, (b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will 
be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
had Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary, in circumstances 
where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held. 
 
No Standard Reference Obligation means if the Standard Reference Obligation is removed from the SRO List and not immediately 
replaced, such obligation shall cease to be a Reference Obligation (other than for the purpose of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation 
unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new Standard Reference Obligation in 
respect of the relevant Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference Obligation for it. 
 
Nominal Amount means in respect of Single Name Warrants or First-to-Default Warrants, the Notional Amount per Warrant, subject 
to reduction in accordance with the provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions (the Nominal Amount so reduced, the 
outstanding Nominal Amount). 
 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming Reference Obligation. 
 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an obligation which would be a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation on the Substitution Date but for 
one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as applicable) [or, where Selected Obligation 
is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to any Hedge Positions]*. 
 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to institutional investors, excluding due to 
market conditions. 
 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being traded in, financial 
markets.

--- Page 521 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
521 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation (if any) or, if a Substitute Reference 
Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
 
Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to such bearer instrument are cleared 
via Clearstream, Euroclear or any other internationally recognised clearing system. If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation 
Characteristic Not Bearer is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though 
such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Bonds. 
 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided 
that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency. 
 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was, at the time the relevant obligation was issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or, intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside 
the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or 
intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity.  
If the Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such Final Terms 
shall be construed as though Not Domestic Issuance had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms, such Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as a [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England 
and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a Domestic Law. 
 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (a) a Sovereign or (b) any entity or organisation established 
by treaty or other arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary 
Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt". 
 
Not Subordinated means, in respect of a Reference Entity, an obligation of the Reference Entity that is not Subordinated to (a) the 
Reference Obligation or (b) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; PROVIDED THAT in relation to a Reference Entity which 
has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging 
European Corporate LPN" this definition shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of the Reference 
Entity. 
 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the later of (i) the Scheduled Maturity 
Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day following the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date (or, in the event of delivery of a Notice of 
Pending Credit Event, as extended as per the definition of Notice of Pending Credit Event).  
 
Notice of Pending Credit Event means either (i) a notice delivered, on a date which is expected to be no later than 10 Business 
Days following the relevant DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, by or on behalf of the Issuer that (a) informs the Noteholders of 
the occurrence of a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement and (b) states that payment of amounts due and payable, or deliverable, 
as the case may be, under the Credit Linked Notes, whether in connection with accrued interest or redemption or any amount due 
under the Credit Linked Notes (including the obligation to deliver the Deliverable Assets), shall be suspended pending the publication 
of a resolution by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. In such case, the Notice Delivery Period shall be extended to 110 
Business Days following such DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement; or (ii) a notice delivered on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date if the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event may have occurred but is not in a position to send a Credit Event Notice 
on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, informing that payment of amounts due and payable under the Notes shall be suspended 
(the Suspended Amounts). In such case, the Notice Delivery Period shall be extended to 20 Calendar Days following such 
Scheduled Maturity Date.  If no Credit Event Determination Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period, the Suspended Amounts 
shall be paid to the Noteholders on the 4th Business Day following the last day of the Notice Delivery Period.  For the avoidance of 
doubt, any notice serve under this sub-clause (ii) is without prejudice to the Issuer’s rights to serve a further notice under sub-clause 
(i) after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In such case the further Notice of Pending Credit Event will be deemed to have been served on 
the day immediately prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date for the purposes of the Notes. 
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
 
(A)    if a DC Resolution confirming the existence of a Credit Event in relation to the relevant Reference Entity in the period from and 
including the First Credit Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, is published within 100 
Business Days following the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, as applicable, the 
Issuer will deliver or arrange delivery of a Credit Event Notice within 10 Business Days of such publication; 
 
(B)    if a DC No Credit Event Announcement in relation to the relevant Reference Entity is published within 100 Business Days 
following the Credit Event Resolution Request Date or DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, as applicable, the Suspended 
Amounts under the Credit Linked Warrants shall be paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the Warrantholders within 10 Payment 
Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish 
Warrants, 18 Payment Business Days) of such publication; and

--- Page 522 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
522 
 
(C)    if no DC Resolution or DC No Credit Event Announcement is published after 100 Business Days following the DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement, the Notice of Pending Credit Event shall be deemed cancelled and either (i) the Suspended Amounts due 
under the Credit Linked Warrants shall be paid or delivered, as the case may be, to the Warrantholders within 10 Payment Business 
Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, 18 
Payment Business Days); or (ii) the Issuer may decide to deliver a Credit Event Notice together with a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information (if applicable) within 10 Business Days. 
  
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice that is effective no later than the Latest Notification Date (included) from or on behalf 
of the Issuer to the Warrantholders specifying the Specified Deliverable Obligations the Issuer reasonably expects to Deliver or 
procure the Delivery of to the Warrantholders. The Issuer is not bound to Deliver the Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement. However, it will: (i) to the extent possible, give the Warrantholders notice of any subsequent change 
in the Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in the Notice of Physical Settlement or of any errors or inconsistencies contained 
therein (the term Specified Deliverable Obligation is deemed to include such change); and (ii) where Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable and the detailed description of the Asset Package is not included in the Notice of Physical Settlement, give the 
Warrantholders notice of such detailed description of the Asset Package (if any) that it intends to Deliver to the Warrantholders in lieu 
of any Specified Deliverable Obligations referred to in the Notice of Physical Settlement. 
 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means, in relation to a Credit Event Notice or a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, 
a notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event 
or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. 
The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. Unless 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
 
Obligation means: 
(A)    any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) described by the Obligation Category 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in each case, immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or as otherwise determined 
by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions; and 
(B)    the Reference Obligation(s) (if any), 
 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have 
become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence 
of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
 
Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic 
Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic Issuance, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an 
obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect 
at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or 
suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy 
such Obligation Characteristic. 
 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have become 
capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis 
of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make 
any required payment, in respect of a Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
guarantee and which may be, for the avoidance of doubt, the Standard Reference Obligation) which is specified as the Reference 
Obligation in the applicable Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation for purposes of the Credit 
Linked Warrants (other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristics or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristics) unless (a) Non-Reference Entity Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; or (b) the Credit Linked Warrants are 
Reference Obligation Only Warrants. 
 
Outstanding Principal Balance means the "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation calculated as follows:

--- Page 523 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
523 
(i)    first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity’s principal payment obligations and, where 
applicable in accordance with the definition of Deliverable/Selected Obligation Accrued Interest, the Reference Entity’s accrued but 
unpaid interest payment obligations which, in the case of a Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance 
(including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the Reference 
Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any; 
 
(ii)    second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (A) is subject to any 
Prohibited Action or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in (i) less any amounts 
subtracted in accordance with (ii), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and  
 
(iii)    third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding Principal Balance. 
 
in each case, determined; 
 
(A)    unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on the date selected by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to any Hedge Positions; and  
 
(B)    with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as such laws reduce or discount 
the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation). 
 
Where "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant 
obligation is, or may become, subject 
 
Where: 
 
Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted against the Reference Entity in respect 
of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due 
and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent 
Amount. 
 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then notwithstanding the above, if (i) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under (iii)(B) above, (ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an 
issue price less than ninety-five per cent of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than ninety-
five per cent of the principal repayment amount, and (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion over 
time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the 
applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser 
of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond 
or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable.  
 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under a Loan is less than ninety-five per 
cent of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line 
interpolation:  
 
(x)     where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or amount advanced of the new Bond or 
Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original 
obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such exchange (determined without regard 
to market or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and  
 
(y)     in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond 
or Loan shall be treated as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation.  
 
In circumstances where a Warrantholder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for the Original Obligation(s), 
the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) 
amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or 
Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that 
resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
 
 
 
P means the number specified as such in the applicable Final Terms corresponding to the number of Reference Entities within the 
Reference Portfolio. 
 
Package Observable Bond means in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any obligation (a) which is identified as 
such and published by ISDA on its website at http://www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third 
party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation 
set out in paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date 
on which the relevant Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective.

--- Page 524 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
524 
Parallel Auction means "Auction" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity, 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) are the same as the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms) applicable to the relevant Reference Entity 
and for which such Reference Entity would not be an Auction Covered Transaction (as defined in the relevant Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms). 
 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the payment or repayment of money, including, 
without limitation, Borrowed Money. 
 
Payment Requirement means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (or in each case, its equivalent 
in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as applicable). 
 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to a Reference Entity’s payment obligations: 
 
(a)    as a result of the application of: 
 
(i)    any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference 
Entity; 
 
(ii)    provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
 
(iii)    provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the 
Reference Entity from its payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
 
(iv)    any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
 
(v)    provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
 
(vi)    provisions which (A) limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds of specified assets or the proceeds resulting from 
the enforcement of security or collateral arrangements and/or (B) extinguish any obligation that remains outstanding following the 
disposal of specified assets and/or the enforcement of the security or collateral arrangements and in each case the application of the 
resulting proceeds (any such provisions, "Limited Recourse Provisions") if "Limited Recourse Provisions" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
(b)    which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in 
exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any single transferee of such 
Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same 
terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference Entity to the same 
single transferee. 
 
Physical Settlement means, in respect of Credit Linked Warrants, that the Settlement Method specified in the applicable Final Terms 
is "Physical Settlement". 
 
Physical Settlement Date means the date on which the Issuer Delivers the Credit Linked Physical Delivery Amount to the 
Warrantholders, or, if the Issuer does not Deliver on the same date all the portfolio of Deliverable Obligations comprised in the Credit 
Linked Physical Delivery Amount, the date on which the Issuer has completed the Delivery thereof for all the Warrants to all the 
Warrantholders. 
 
Physical Settlement Period means the period from and including the date on which a Notice of Physical Settlement is delivered to 
the relevant Clearing System to and including the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. 
 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by a Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations 
at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations. 
 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in (i) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium. 
 
Principal Credit Factor means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Principal Loss Factor means 100 per cent. or the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 525 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
525 
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
 
(a)    if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice) any obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention (ii)) was 
the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]**  Obligation set out in 
paragraph (A) or (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]**  Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which 
such Governmental Intervention was legally effective or  
 
(b)    if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of the Reference Obligation 
(whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in respect of a Reference Entity and in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable thereto for the purposes of the Credit Linked Warrants, (a) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if 
any, and otherwise (b) the obligation specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference 
Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Issue Date and otherwise, (c) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligation of such 
Reference Entity. 
 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not publicly available or capable of 
being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in sub-
sections (A) to (D) of the definition of Credit Event) or right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying 
Obligor. 
 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the 
Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice, has occurred and which: 
 
(A)    has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources (regardless of whether the reader or user 
thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or 
 
(B)    is information received from or published by: 
 
(1)    the relevant Reference Entity (or, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or 
other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign); 
 
(2)    a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation,  
 
(C)    is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, 
exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body, or 
 
(D)    is information contained in a public announcement by ISDA, 
 
Provided that where any information of the type described in paragraph (B) or (C) of this definition is not publicly available, it can only 
constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (B) and (C) of this definition, the party receiving such information 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered 
into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or 
would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to a Downstream Affiliate, the percentage of Voting 
Shares owned by the Reference Entity and (ii) that the relevant occurrence (a) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (b) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period, or (c) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain 
Credit Events. 
 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the events described in both (i) and 
(ii) of the definition thereof.  
 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such source is 
specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, 
Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and 
successor publications), as well as the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Reference Entity is organised and 
any other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a statute or regulation), pursuant 
to which a Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except

--- Page 526 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
526 
for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying 
Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is 
equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
 
(i)    which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or legal arrangement which is 
equivalent thereto in form); or  
 
(ii)    pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged, released, 
reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case 
other than: 
 
(a)    by payment; 
 
(b)    by way of Permitted Transfer; 
 
(c)    by operation of law; 
 
(d)    due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
 
(e)    due to: 
 
(A)    provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
"Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(B)    any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, assignment or other 
alteration of the principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at 
the time of the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following 
the occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in 
the definition of Bankruptcy in respect of such Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes 
that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
 
(i)    the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
 
(ii)    if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being 
Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
If an Obligation or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
 
(A)    For purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Category, the Relevant 
Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation. 
 
(B)    For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, both 
the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms from the 
following list: Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, and Not Domestic Law. 
 
(C)    For purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, only 
the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** 
[Selected]* Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms from the following list: Listed, Not Domestic 
Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. 
 
(D)    For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation Characteristics to 
an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by a Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation 
of a Downstream Affiliate of that Reference Entity. 
 
Quotation Amount means: 
 
(A)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Physical Settlement":  
 
an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance, or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Undeliverable Obligation. 
For which purpose, the Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice in the market of the Undeliverable 
Obligation if quotations obtained in respect thereof shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest.  
 
(B)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Method" is "Cash Settlement":

--- Page 527 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
527 
 
(i)    in respect of Single Name Warrants and First-to-Default Warrants, an amount selected by the Calculation Agent, subject to a cap 
equal to the aggregate of the Nominal Amount (or the Partial Cancellation Amount or the Multiple Successor Notional Amount, as 
applicable) (such aggregate amount, the Aggregate Exercise Amount) for all outstanding Credit Linked Warrants, if there is only 
one Selected Obligation; otherwise (if there is a portfolio of Selected Obligations), the Quotation Amount shall be an amount selected 
by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Selected Obligation such that the sum of all such Quotation Amounts be subject to a cap 
equal to the Aggregate Exercise Amount; or 
 
(ii)    in respect of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, an amount selected by the Calculation Agent, subject to a cap equal to 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or the Partial Restructuring Notional Amount, as applicable) (such amount, the Aggregate 
Exercise Amount), if there is only one Selected Obligation; otherwise (if there is a portfolio of Selected Obligations), the Quotation 
Amount shall be an amount selected by the Calculation Agent in respect of each Selected Obligation such that the sum of all such 
Quotation Amounts be subject to a cap equal to the Aggregate Exercise Amount; 
 
Provided that in respect of paragraph (B) above the Quotation Amount (or the sum of the Quotation Amounts as the case may be) 
shall be no less than EUR 1 million (or its equivalent in the relevant currency).  
 
Quotation Dealers means at least five leading dealers in obligations of the type of the Undeliverable Obligation(s) or as the case 
may be Selected Obligation(s), which may include Societe Generale, as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner. 
 
Quotation Dealers Method means that, in respect of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has 
occurred, the Final Value will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of the definition of Final Price. 
 
Quotation Dealers Method shall apply if “Quotation Dealers Method” is specified in the applicable Final Terms or a Fallback Settlement 
Event occurs or no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms is published on or before 140 Business Days following the Credit Event 
Determination Date. 
 
Ranking means, for Tranche Warrants where N-to-M-to-Default is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, in relation 
to each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred, the ranking in time of occurrence of 
such Credit Event Determination Date amongst all Credit Event Determination Dates, provided that if several Credit Event 
Determination Dates are identical in respect of several Reference Entities comprised within the Reference Portfolio, the date on which 
the relevant Credit Event Notices have been sent shall be used to determine the Ranking of those Reference Entities and if the Credit 
Event Notices have been sent on the same date, the time on which the relevant Credit Event Notices have been sent shall be used 
to determine the Ranking of those Reference Entities.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the first Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date occurs will have a Ranking 
of 1. 
 
Reference Entity means, subject to the below, any entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor thereto, 
which may be any firm, company, corporation, any unincorporated association, establishment or other entity, or any equivalent entity, 
a government, state or local authority or agency of a state or of a local authority, or any state-owned or state-controlled entity, any 
partnership, limited or otherwise, any special purpose vehicle (incorporated or otherwise), any category or type of fund (including, 
without limitation, open-end funds, closed-end funds, hedge funds, mutual funds, managed funds or any other collective investment 
scheme, vehicle or organisation), any securitisation company and any broadly equivalent entity of any of the aforementioned entities. 
 
In the case of a Single Name Warrant or in the case or in the case of a First-to-Default Warrant a Basket Warrants or a Tranche 
Warrant where the Reference Entity Weighting of any Reference Entity represents 20% or more of all Reference Entities in the 
Reference Portfolio, then, such Reference Entity shall have its securities already admitted to trading on a regulated market, equivalent 
third country market or SME Growth Market 
. 
Reference Entity Notional Amount means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, for each Reference Entity, the 
amount equal to the product of the Reference Entity Weighting and the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount.  
 
Reference Entity Weighting means the proportion specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which will be adjusted in 
accordance with the provisions of (i) the definition of Successor upon the occurrence of a Succession Date  or (ii) Condition 1.2.2(b), 
if applicable. 
 
Reference Obligation(s) means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Standard Reference Obligation, if any, unless: 
 
(a)    "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, in which case the Reference 
Obligation(s) will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation(s), if any; or 
 
(b)    "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or there is no election specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), there is no Standard Reference Obligation and a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the 
first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, 
provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference 
Obligation.

--- Page 528 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
528 
provided that, in respect of a Reference Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", Reference Obligation(s) means, as of the 
Issue Date, each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms or set forth 
on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List (each, a "Markit Published LPN Reference Obligation"), as published by Markit 
Group Limited, or any successor thereto, which list is currently available at http://www.markit.com (or any successor website thereto) 
or as stipulated in the applicable Final Terms, any Additional LPN, determined in accordance with the Additional LPN definition, and 
each Additional Obligation. For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of a Reference Entity which has a Transaction Type being specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as "Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN" or "Emerging European Corporate LPN", (i) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants (in particular, 
notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of the Reference Entity), each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation and 
a Deliverable Obligation or a Selected Obligation, (as applicable); (ii) "Standard Reference Obligation" shall be deemed specified as 
"Not Applicable"; and (iii) the provisions in the definition of "Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" shall not apply. 
 
Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable 
to Reference Obligation Only. 
 
Reference Obligation Only Warrants means that (a) "Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Category, if applicable, in the applicable Final Terms and (b) Standard Reference Obligation is 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reference Portfolio means, in respect of First-to-Default Warrants, Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, a portfolio comprising 
all the Reference Entities. 
 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, (i) in respect of Tranche 
Warrants, an amount equal to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount divided by the difference between the Detachment Point and 
the Attachment Point; and (ii) in respect of Basket Warrants which are not Tranche Warrants, an amount equal to the Aggregate 
Warrant Notional Amount. 
 
Reference Price means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if not specified, 100%). 
 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if All Guarantees is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be, with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit 
Event, equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, determined in respect of such Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Relevant Obligations means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the Obligations of such Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, 
immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that: 
 
(i)    any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by the Reference Entity, shall be 
excluded; 
 
(ii)    if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required to be made under paragraph (A) 
of the definition of Successor make the appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and 
including the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
 
(iii)    if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms and the Credit Linked Warrants 
are a “Senior Transaction”, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and  
 
(iv)    if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, and the Credit Linked Warrants 
are a “Subordinated Transaction”, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations 
of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, 
"Relevant Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the Credit Linked Warrants were a Senior Transaction. 
 
Relevant Proportion means the proportion which one Warrant bears to the total number of Warrants outstanding. 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: (i) an authorised officer of a Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority (a) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (b) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll 
over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement and (ii) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined 
without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date.

--- Page 529 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
529 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Last 
Credit Event Occurrence Date, (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date 
that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (B) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace 
Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not 
include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either case, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Expiration Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Condition is satisfied. 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition means a condition that is satisfied: 
  
(A)    if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to the 
Scheduled Expiration Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity and that such event 
occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date, or  
 
(B)    otherwise, by the delivery of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information by or on behalf of the Issuer to 
the Warrantholders that is effective on or prior to the Scheduled Expiration Date.   
 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not capable of being 
satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date. 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the 
Warrantholders that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Last Credit Event 
Occurrence Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to 
the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. Unless Notice of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" 
in the applicable Final Terms, if a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
 
Resolve has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall be construed accordingly. 
 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation which is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which the relevant Restructuring has 
occurred. 
 
Restructuring means that: 
 
(A)    with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any 
one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between a Reference Entity 
or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced 
(or otherwise decreed) by a Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, 
in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange) and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation in effect as of the later of the First Credit Event Occurrence Date (or such other date determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to any Hedge Position) and the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
 
(1)    a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of 
redenomination); 
 
(2)    a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
 
(3)    a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (a) the payment or accrual of interest, or (b) the payment of principal 
or premium; 
 
(4)    a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation; or 
 
(5)    any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other than the lawful currency of 
Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole).  
 
(B)    Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (A) above, none of the following will constitute a Restructuring: 
 
(1)    the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State 
of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union;

--- Page 530 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
530 
 
(2)    the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the 
time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined 
by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
 
(3)    the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above, due to 
an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course 
of business; and 
 
(4)    the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above in 
circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (A)(5) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a 
result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority. 
 
(C)    For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and, unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the 
applicable Final Terms, paragraph (E) below and the definition of Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and 
an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying 
Obligor and the reference to the Reference Entity in paragraph (B) above shall continue to refer to the Reference Entity. 
 
(D)    If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) 
above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the 
resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
 
(E)    Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, then, notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in paragraphs (A), (B) and (C) above, the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple 
Holder Obligation. 
 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation 
governing such Restructuring. 
 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a [Deliverable]** [Selected]* Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring 
on or immediately following the Scheduled Expiration Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured 
Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan, occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such 
Restructured Bond or Loan a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan) and the Scheduled Expiration Date occurs prior to the 
final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the final 
maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
 
Scheduled Last Credit Event Occurrence Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Selected Obligation(s) means, for the purpose of determining the Final Price, as specified in the Final Valuation Notice, any of: 
 
(A)    the Reference Obligation(s) (if any); 
 
(B)    any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee, described by the Selected Obligation 
Category specified in the applicable Final Terms and having each of the Selected Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (as of the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that such obligations are Selected Obligations));  
 
(C)    solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset 
Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Selected Obligation; and 
 
(D)    if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
"Applicable" in respect of the Reference Entity in the applicable Final Terms) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign), PROVIDED THAT such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, may be 
replaced by the related Asset Package, and (i) such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to 
which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, and (ii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Final Price 
of such Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero, 
 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Selected Obligation; and (ii) provided that the obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance 
or Due and Payable Amount which is greater than zero (determined for the purposes of paragraph (D) above of this definition, 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event).

--- Page 531 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
531 
For purposes of assessing the applicability of Selected Obligation Characteristics and the requirements specified in the definition of 
Mod R and Mod Mod R to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such assessment shall be made by 
reference to the terms of the relevant Obligation in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, if a Selected Obligation would 
otherwise satisfy the Maximum Maturity Selected Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in the 
relevant Selected Obligation shall not cause such Selected Obligation to fail to satisfy such Selected Obligation Characteristic. 
 
Where a Selected Obligation is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency of the Credit Linked Warrants, the 
Calculation Agent will, where required, determine the Settlement Currency equivalent of the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as the case may be, in respect of that Selected Obligation by reference to the mid-point rate of conversion 
published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 pm (London time), or any successor rate source selected by the Calculation Agent on the Credit 
Valuation Date, or on such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent as appropriate by reference to any Hedge Positions 
and, if such rate is not available at such time, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate. 
 
Selected Obligation Category means any one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or 
Loan, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. In case of Reference Obligation Only, no Selected Obligation Characteristics shall 
be applicable. 
 
Selected Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not 
Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Transferable, Not Bearer, Maximum 
Maturity, Not Domestic Issuance and Accelerated or Matured as specified in the applicable Final Terms. If more than one of Assignable 
Loan and Consent Required Loan are specified as Selected Obligation Characteristics in the applicable Final Terms, the Selected 
Obligation may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Selected Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all 
such Selected Obligation Characteristics. 
 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if an 
obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Selected Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant obligation 
in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released 
or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy 
such Selected Obligation Characteristic. 
 
Senior Obligation means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity. 
 
Senior Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation. 
 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of a Reference Entity (a) "Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if no such seniority level is specified in the applicable Final Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior Level". 
 
Settlement Date means, for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions only, the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent which is no later than six Payment Business Days following the Expiration Date or such other date as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Method means either Physical Settlement (see Condition 1.1) or Cash Settlement (see Condition 1.1.3) as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Type means American Settlement or European Settlement as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Short Warrants means Credit Linked Warrants in respect of which "Short Warrants" is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Single Name Warrant means a Credit Linked Warrant indexed on one Reference Entity for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the clause "Type of Credit Linked Warrants" is stated as being "Single Name Warrants". 
 
SME Growth Market means a multilateral trading facility that is registered as an SME growth market in accordance with Article 33 of 
MiFID II. 
 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference Entity’s payment obligations thereunder 
to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to 
constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or  other 
authority acting in a governmental capacity, (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or 
as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice

--- Page 532 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
532 
has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
 
Sovereign Restructured Selected Obligation means an Obligation of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice has 
occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a Selected Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring 
is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an annexation, unification, secession, 
partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event. 
 
Specified Currency means for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants, an obligation that 
is payable in the currency or  currencies specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if Specified Currency is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and no currency is so specified, Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, 
"Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination 
thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European 
Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority.  
 
Specified Deliverable Obligation(s) means Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity or First-to-Default Reference Entity as 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement (subject to the definition of such term) which, for the avoidance of doubt, may where 
Asset Package Delivery is applicable, include any Prior Deliverable Obligation, Package Observable Bond or Asset Package. 
 
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if a number is not specified, two). 
 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at http://www.isda.org from time to 
time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. 
 
Standard Reference Obligation means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority Level which is specified 
from time to time on the SRO List. 
 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, France, Germany, the United 
Kingdom and the United States and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case 
of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
 
Standard Unwind Costs means in respect of each Credit Linked Warrant, an amount, subject to a minimum of zero, determined by 
the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, expenses (including break funding charges and loss of 
funding, which, for the avoidance of doubt, represents the loss of future interest amounts to be received under the funding 
arrangement(s) entered into in relation to the Credit Linked Warrants), tax and duties incurred directly or indirectly by Societe Generale 
or any of its Affiliates in relation to the occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date and the related partial or total termination, 
settlement or re-establishment of any Hedge Position, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Credit Linked 
Warrants.  
 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of successions to some or all of 
the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
 
Subordinated Obligation means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligation of the 
Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity 
existed. 
 
Subordinated Transaction means, in respect of a Reference Entity, that the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation.  
 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation of the Reference Entity to which 
such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required 
to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled 
to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference Entity is in payment 
arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. Subordinated will be construed accordingly. For the purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is 
being compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit 
enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising 
by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference 
Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of 
which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or 
the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any 
change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date. 
 
Substitute Reference Obligation(s) means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to which a Substitution Event has 
occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:

--- Page 533 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
533 
 
(a)    The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with paragraph (c), (d) and (e) below to 
replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation; provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation if, at the time of determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation 
by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has not changed materially since the date of the 
relevant DC Resolution. 
 
(b)    If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) to (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event have occurred with respect to the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than 
for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation 
Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Substitution Event has occurred 
with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will continue to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, 
until any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) to (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event occur with respect to such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation. 
 
(c)    The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
 
(i)    is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee); 
 
(ii)    satisfies the Not Subordinated [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation Characteristic as of the date it was issued or incurred (without 
reflecting any change to the priority of payment after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
 
(iii)    (A)    if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
 
 (I)    is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available, 
 
(II)    is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance 
with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*; 
 
(B)    if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was 
a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
 
(I)    is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
 
(II)    is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available, 
or 
 
(III)    is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) or, if no such obligation 
is available, 
 
(IV)    is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance 
with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*; or 
 
(C)     if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
 
(I) is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
 
(II) is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan) or if no such obligation is available, 
 
(III) is a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance with paragraph (B) of the definition of 
[Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, 
any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions]*; or if no such obligation is available,  
 
(IV) s a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation determined in accordance 
with paragraph (B) of the definition of [Selected]* [Deliverable]** Obligation [or, where Selected Obligation is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, any relevant obligation determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge 
Positions]*.

--- Page 534 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
534 
(d)    If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process described in paragraph (c) above, 
the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic 
equivalent of the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the Credit Linked Warrants, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The Substitute Reference Obligation will replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation on such date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to any Hedge Positions, which is expected to be as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been 
identified in accordance with paragraph (c) above. Information about the occurrence of a Substitute Reference Obligation with a 
description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination of the Substitute Reference Obligation, including the identity 
thereof and the date of substitution, may be requested at any time by the Warrantholders at the specified office of the Calculation 
Agent (subject to proof of ownership of such Credit Linked Warrants in a form acceptable to the Calculation Agent). 
 
(e)    If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines 
that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) above 
and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in 
accordance with paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date, selected by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to any Hedge Positions, that the Calculation Agent has determined in accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference 
Obligation.  
 
Substitution Event means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
 
(i)    the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
 
(ii)    the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by redemption or otherwise below 
USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
 
(iii)    for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the NonStandard Reference Obligation is no 
longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a guarantee). 
 
For purposes of identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's 
CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
 
If an event described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above has occurred on or prior to the Issue Date, then a Substitution Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii), as the case may be, on the Issue Date. 
 
If a Substitution Event occurs in respect of the Reference Obligation in Reference Obligation Only Warrants and unless "Substitution 
Event Early Termination" is specified as "Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall consider such 
event as an event triggering the early termination of the Credit Linked Warrants and the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under 
the Credit Linked Warrants and shall pay or deliver or cause to be paid or delivered the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the 
basis of the Market Value as defined in Condition 5.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions or, in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions. Notice shall be given by or on behalf of the 
Issuer to the Warrantholders informing them of the Substitution Event and the date scheduled for early termination. 
 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to a Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of the relevant Substitution 
Event. 
 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to some or all of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective 
date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (A) 
of the definition of Successor would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the 
occurrence of a Credit Event Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
 
Successor means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the entity or entities, if any, determined as follows: 
 
(A)    subject to paragraph (C) below of this definition, the entity or entities, if any determined as follows: 
 
(1)    subject to paragraph (A)(7) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to seventy-
five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor and, in the case of 
Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the Reference Entity Weighting of such sole Successor will be the Reference Entity 
Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession. 
 
(2)    If only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per cent. (but less 
than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of 
the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor and, in the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the Reference Entity 
Weighting of such sole Successor will be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession. 
 
(3)    If more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee to more than twenty-five per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the

--- Page 535 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
535 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations will each be a Successor and the terms of the Credit Linked Warrants will be amended in accordance with the provisions 
set out in the definition of Multiple Successor in Condition 1.3 above. In the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the 
Reference Entity Weighting of each Successor will be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, 
divided by the number of Successors. 
 
(4)    If one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than twenty-five per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor and the terms 
of the Credit Linked Warrants will be amended in accordance with the provisions set out in the definition of Multiple Successor in 
Condition 1.3 above. In the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the Reference Entity Weighting of each Successor will 
be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, divided by the number of Successors. 
 
(5)    If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the terms of the Credit Linked Warrants will not be changed 
in any way as a result of such succession. 
 
(6)    If one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a portion of the Relevant Obligations 
of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and the Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the 
Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be a 
Successor) and, in the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor(s) will be 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession, divided by the number of Successor(s). 
 
(7)    in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the obligations (including at least one 
Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist or (B) the Reference Entity is in 
the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money 
obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption, that entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole 
Successor and, in the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, the Reference Entity Weighting of such sole Successor will 
be the Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity before the succession or as otherwise determined by the Calculation Agent 
by reference to Hedge Positions.  
PROVIDED THAT, in the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, if the resulting Successor of a Reference Entity affected 
by a succession, or as the case may be, one or more of the several resulting Successors of such Reference Entity is(are) another 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference Portfolio at the legally effective date of the succession, the Reference Entity Weighting 
of the Successor will be the sum of the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor after the succession as determined in 
accordance with paragraphs (A)(1), (A)(2), (A)(3), (A)(4), (A)(6) or (A)(7) above and the Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor 
in effect prior to the succession. 
 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, in the case of Basket Warrants and Tranche Warrants, if two or more Reference Entities are affected 
by a succession resulting in at least one common Successor, the Reference Entity Weighting of the Successor will be the sum of the 
Reference Entity Weighting of such Successor after the succession as determined in accordance with paragraphs (A)(1), (A)(2), 
(A)(3), (A)(4), (A)(6) or (A)(7) above with respect to each Reference Entity in respect of which it is a Successor.  
 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT (for paragraph (A) above), if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is 
stated as being "Applicable" or in respect of First-to-Default Warrants, the Calculation Agent will adjust the effect of any succession 
as necessary so that in all cases the number of Reference Entities in the Reference Portfolio will remain unchanged and if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is stated as being "Applicable", so that the Reference Entity 
Weighting will remain the same for all Reference Entities comprised in the Reference Portfolio, in particular: 
 
(1)    if the resulting Successor of a Reference Entity (the Legacy Reference Entity) affected by a succession is another Reference 
Entity comprised in the Reference Portfolio (the Surviving Reference Entity) at the legally effective date of the succession, the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith shall select a new entity having an equivalent Rating (as defined below) or an equivalent credit 
risk (if no Rating is available) to the Legacy Reference Entity immediately prior to the occurrence of the succession; such new entity 
shall be deemed to have replaced the Legacy Reference Entity as Reference Entity effective on and from the date of the succession 
and if the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable", the Reference Entity Weighting of the 
Surviving Reference Entity shall remain the Reference Entity Weighting of the Surviving Reference Entity in effect prior to the 
succession and the Reference Entity Weighting of the entity having replaced the Legacy Reference Entity shall be equal to the 
Reference Entity Weighting of the Legacy Reference Entity prior to the succession; and 
 
(2)    if a succession would result in more than one Successor (the Potential Successors) to a Reference Entity either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee, the Calculation Agent shall select only one entity (the Chosen Successor) among the Potential 
Successors to replace the Reference Entity; the Chosen Successor shall be deemed to have replaced the Reference Entity and if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "N-to-M-to-Default" is "Applicable", its Reference Entity Weighting shall be equal to the 
Reference Entity Weighting of the Reference Entity prior to the succession.  
 
For the purposes of this definition Rating means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three rating agencies Moody’s 
France S.A.S., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of them, being understood that if the 
ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into consideration.

--- Page 536 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
536 
(B)    The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining with effect from the Succession Date any Successor or Successors 
under paragraph (A) above; provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of determination, the 
DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no 
Successor based on the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. Information about the occurrence of a succession (or, in relation 
to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) pursuant to which one or more Successors to a Reference 
Entity can be determined, with reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination, pursuant to paragraph (A) of the definition 
of Successor, of the identity of any Successor(s), may be requested at any time by the Warrantholders at the specified office of the 
Calculation Agent (subject to proof of ownership of such Warrants in a form acceptable to the Calculation Agent), and will be notified 
as part of a notice of Potential Failure to Pay or a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice or a Credit Event Notice (as the case 
may be) in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. 
 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this definition on the basis of Eligible 
Information.  
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under paragraph (A)(1) to (7) (inclusive) 
above, if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions contemplated by such Steps Plan in 
aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
 
(C)    An entity may only be a Successor if: 
 
(i)    either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor 
in respect of which the Succession Date occurred on or after 1 January 2014  
 
(ii)    the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity 
succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
 
(iii)    where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession 
Event. 
 
(D)    For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to a Reference Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an 
entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, 
concord, entente, pact or other agreement) or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged 
for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, 
succeeded and succession shall be construed accordingly. 
 
(E)    In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to paragraph (A) above shall be made on the basis of the 
outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
 
(F)    If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to one or more Relevant Obligations (collectively, 
the Joint Relevant Obligations) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was 
a direct obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor 
(or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (ii) 
if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential 
Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or 
guarantors, if any, or otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
 
Successor Backstop Date means for purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution the date that is ninety 
calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of 
(i) the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that the succession is effective which date may be determined, without 
limitation, by reference to any Hedge Positions and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has 
occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination and 
(C) the Calculation Agent determines that the date on which the succession is effective (determined, without limitation, by reference 
to any Hedge Positions) is not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor determination, the Successor 
Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary, requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to a Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced 
by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is 
effective.  
 
Tranche Notional Amount means, in respect of Tranche Warrants, the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount of the Credit Linked 
Warrants or such other amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.   
 
Tranche Subordination Amount means, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, with respect to Tranche Warrants, 
the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount multiplied by the Attachment Point.

--- Page 537 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
537 
Tranche Warrant means a Basket Warrant for which the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Type of Credit Linked 
Warrants" is stated as being "Tranche Warrants". 
 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means in respect of a Reference Entity and the related Credit Event, the Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA, in accordance with the DC Rules or any other recognised association or organisation 
selected by the Calculation Agent (including for the avoidance of doubt any Auction Settlement), which provides for the valuation of 
obligations of a Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred and which shall be used to determine the amounts 
payable between the parties to a credit derivatives transaction referencing such Reference Entity for which Auction Covered 
Transactions (as defined in the DC Rules) would be credit derivatives transactions with a scheduled termination date comparable to 
or later than the Scheduled Expiration Date of the Credit Linked Warrants. 
 
Transaction Type means, in respect of a Reference Entity, the transaction type specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restriction, provided that none of the following will be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
 
(A)    contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S 
promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation);  
 
(B)    restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on insurance companies and pension 
funds; or 
 
(C)    restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods. 
If the [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic Transferable is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, such 
Final Terms shall be construed as though such [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
[Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation Characteristic only with respect to [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligations that are not Loans (and 
shall only be relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are covered by the specified [Deliverable]**[Selected]* Obligation 
Category). 
 
Undeliverable Obligation(s) means that part of the Specified Deliverable Obligations for which Delivery is Illegal or Impossible. 
 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the guarantee. 
 
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a 
Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
 
Unsettled Credit Event means, with respect to a Reference Entity, that: 
 
(A)    a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred prior to the Scheduled Expiration Date and the Exercise Date, as applicable, 
but the corresponding Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date has not occurred immediately prior to the Scheduled Expiration Date or 
relevant Exercise Date; or 
 
(B)    a Notice of Pending Credit Event is delivered less than 100 Business Days prior to the Scheduled Expiration Date and the 
Exercise Date, as applicable, and (i) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has not been published prior to the Scheduled Expiration 
Date or the Exercise Date, as applicable and (ii) if a Credit Event Notice has subsequently been delivered in relation to the relevant 
Credit Event, the corresponding Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date has not occurred immediately prior to the Scheduled Expiration 
Date or Exercise Date, as applicable; or 
 
(C)    a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and is continuing at earlier of the Scheduled Expiration Date and the Exercise 
Date, as applicable; or 
 
(D)    a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred and is continuing at earlier of the Scheduled Expiration Date and the Exercise Date, as 
applicable. 
 
Unwind Costs means, in respect of each Credit Linked Warrant (i) Standard Unwind Costs if specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or (ii) the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or (iii) zero if specified as being "Not Applicable" in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Valuation Hedging Cost means, in relation to a Selected Obligation, the direct and duly documented cost, if any, borne by the Issuer, 
the Issuer's hedging counterparty, the Calculation Agent or an agent on their behalf in relation to the determination of the Final Price. 
 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of 
an entity. 
 
Weighted Average Quotation means, if there are no Full Quotations available, the weighted average of respectively firm bid 
quotations (with respect to Long Warrants) or firm offer quotations (with respect to Short Warrants), in both cases obtained from the 
Quotation Dealers, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, that in aggregate are 
approximately equal to or greater than the Quotation Amount.

--- Page 538 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
538 
3.    Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread 
 
The provisions of this " Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread" shall be applicable for Single Name Warrants or Basket Warrants 
where the applicable Final Terms specify that " Additional Provisions related to CDS Spread" is "Applicable". 
 
In the event of any inconsistency between Conditions 1 and 2 of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
and this Condition 3, the definitions and provisions of Condition 3 shall prevail. 
 
3.1  General definitions 
 
Adjustment Spread means (i) the adjustment spread specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, if applicable or (ii) (only if 
Dealer Poll Method is specified as applicable on the Issue Date in the applicable Final Terms), the adjustment spread specified in the 
notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with the definition “Switch Option” below (if applicable). 
 
Aggregate Basket Loss means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount expressed in percentage and equal to (i) the Aggregate Loss 
Amount divided by (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, Aggregate Basket Loss shall take into 
account only the Credit Event Determination Date(s) (if any) for which the Final Value has been determined. 
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a CDS Spread, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such CDS Spread, the next following 
Scheduled Trading Day). 
 
CDS Spread means the Reference Entity Spread. 
 
CDS Dealer means any dealer (other than Societe Generale) determined by the Calculation Agent as being a dealer in respect of 
providing quotations in respect of credit default swap transactions. 
 
Dealer Poll Method means that, on any Valuation Date where it is applicable, the Reference Entity Spread will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
(A) the Calculation Agent will attempt to obtain quotations in accordance with the Quotation Method from five CDS Dealers, whereby: 
 
(a) If three or more such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time on such day, the Reference Entity Spread will 
be the arithmetic mean of such quotations without regard to the quotation having the highest value (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the quotation having the lowest value (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations)); or 
 
(b) If two such quotations are obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be the arithmetic mean 
of such quotations; or 
 
(c) If one such quotation is obtained prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be such quotation; or 
 
(B) If it is not possible to obtain any quotations prior to the Quotation Deadline Time, the Reference Entity Spread will be a rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, having regard to the conditions prevailing in the market, such as, but not 
limited to, the liquidity and trading conditions relating to the Reference CDS at the time of calculation. 
 
Effective Credit Index: means the Initial Credit Index or, if subsequent versions of this Index are published after the Initial Credit 
Index, the latest version of the Initial Credit Index, published by the Credit Index Publisher and effective as of the relevant date. For 
the avoidance of doubt, it is expected that the Credit Index Publisher publishes a new version each time a Credit Event 
Determination Date has occurred in respect of one Reference Entity composing the Effective Credit Index, and the Final Value has 
been determined pursuant to relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
 
Effective Credit Index Spread: means the offer rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for a credit default swap on the Effective 
Credit Index in the Credit Index Currency and with a maturity equal to the Credit Index Maturity, determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the Dealer Poll Method. 
 
External Provider means (i) the external provider (or any successor) for the Reference Entity Spread specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or (ii) (only if Dealer Poll Method is specified as applicable on the Issue Date in the applicable Final Terms), the external 
provider (or any successor) for the Reference Entity Spread specified in the notice to the Warrantholders in accordance with the 
definition “Switch Option” below (if applicable). 
 
External Provider Method means that, on any Valuation Date where it is applicable, the Reference Entity Spread will be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
(A) The sum of (i) the mid-market spread quotation published by the External Provider around the External Provider Time on such 
day (the External Provider Spread) and (ii) the Adjustment Spread; or 
 
(B) If the Reference Entity Spread cannot be obtained pursuant to  or if there are less than 3 contributors to the External Provider on 
such day, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Entity Spread in accordance with the Dealer Poll Method.

--- Page 539 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
539 
External Provider Time means 15.00 London time, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Effective Credit Index Upfront means the amount determined by the Calculation Agent on any Valuation Date, by converting the 
Effective Credit Index Spread into an upfront value, using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, as further specified below, or any other 
calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner. When using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Effective Credit Index 
Upfront using the following Bloomberg parameters with the resulting “Points Upfront” expressed as a percentage: 
 
Bloomberg requested CDS Spread: Effective Credit Index Spread 
 
Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon 
 
Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
 
Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
 
Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
 
Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date 
 
provided always that if such page or any relevant details as noted above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole 
discretion, effect the Effective Credit Index Upfront determination with substitute details which are market equivalent. 
 
Credit Index Coupon means a rate expressed in percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Credit Index Currency means a currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
 
Credit Index Maturity means 5-year unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
Credit Index Publisher: means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Initial Credit 
Index. 
 
Credit Index Recovery Rate: means a rate expressed in percentage as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Initial Credit Index: means the credit index specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Quotation Deadline Time means 17.00 London time, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Quotation Method means the quotation method specified in the applicable Final Terms, which may be (i) Bid if the Reference Entity 
Spread is a bid rate, (ii) Offer if the Reference Entity Spread is an offer rate, or (iii) Mid-market if the Reference Entity Spread is a 
mid-market rate; or if no Quotation Method is so specified, Offer shall apply. 
 
 
Rebased Credit Index Spread means the spread, expressed as a percentage, and determined by the Calculation Agent on any 
Valuation Date(i) by converting the Rebased Credit Index Upfront into a quoted spread,using the function “CDSW” in Bloomberg, as 
further specified below, or any other calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. When using the Bloomberg function “CDSW”, the Calculation Agent will determine the Rebased 
Credit  Index Spread using the following Bloomberg parameters: 
 
Bloomberg requested Points Upfront: Rebased Credit Index Upfront 
Bloomberg requested Index Coupon: Credit Index Coupon  
Bloomberg requested Currency: Credit Index Currency 
Bloomberg requested Maturity Date: Credit Index Maturity 
Bloomberg requested Recovery Rate: Credit Index Recovery Rate 
Bloomberg requested Curve Date: Valuation Date(i) 
 
provided that if such page or any relevant details as described above become unavailable, the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole 
discretion, determine the Rebased Credit Index Spread with substitute details which are market equivalent. 
 
Rebased Credit Index Upfront means the sum of (i) the Effective Credit Index Upfront multiplied by the Remaining Credit Index 
Notional and (ii) the Aggregate Credit Index Loss Amount. 
 
Reference CDS means a single-name credit default swap on the Reference Entity governed by the ISDA credit derivatives definitions 
in the Reference CDS Currency, and with a maturity equal to the Reference CDS Maturity (or the nearest standard maturity that is 
higher than such Reference CDS Maturity if such maturity is not available).  
 
Reference CDS Currency means the main trading currency for the relevant Reference Entity, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 540 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
540 
 
Reference CDS Maturity means 5-year, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reference Entity means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or any Successor thereto in accordance with the 
provisions of “Condition 2 "Definitions", subject always to the provisions of Section 3.2 (Adjustments and Extraordinary Events) below. 
 
Reference Entity Spread means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the rate, expressed as a quoted spread, for the 
Reference CDS, determined by the Calculation Agent initially in accordance with the Reference Entity Spread Method specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to the Switch Option.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Calculation Agent observes or receives a quotation expressed with an upfront amount (the Upfront 
Quotation), it will convert such Upfront Quotation into a quoted spread by using the function QCDS in Bloomberg or any other 
calculation as the Calculation Agent may deem appropriate, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
Reference Entity Spread Method means either Dealer Poll Method or External Provider Method as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Remaining Basket Notional: means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount expressed in percentage and equal to 100% minus the 
sum, for each Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event Determination Date has occurred and the Final Value has been 
determined, of the Reference Entity Weighting for such Reference Entity. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a CDS Spread, a Business Day for the purposes of these Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants. 
 
Switch Option means, unless Switch Option is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, that (i) on any day where 
the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the Dealer Poll Method, the Issuer may, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, change the determination of the Reference Entity Spread to the External Provider Method, or (ii) on any day where the 
applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the External Provider Method, the Issuer may, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, change the determination of the Reference Entity Spread to the Dealer Poll Method, subject in the case of both (i) and (ii) to 
giving to the Warrantholders, in accordance with Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions, not less than 5 Business Days 
nor more than 10 Business Days' notice prior to the date of effect of the Switch Option specified in such notice, and the Switch Option 
shall take effect on the date of effect specified in such notice;  
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a CDS Spread, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such CDS Spread, the next following Scheduled Trading Day). 
 
3.2  ADJUSTMENTS AND EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
 
3.2.1     Succession event 
 
If a succession event occurs in respect of the Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent may – in addition to the provisions of Condition 
2 "Definitions" and acting in good faith – decide to either: 
 
(A) replace the Reference Entity (i) by the Successor or (ii) in case of several Successors, by one, some or all of the Successors 
resulting from the succession event; 
 
(B) substitute the Successor or Successors by one or several Similar Reference Entity(ies) (as defined in Condition 1.6.4); 
 
(C) apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date as per Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(D) consider such succession event as an Early Termination Event as defined in Condition 1.6.4 paragraph (A) above, in which case 
the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Credit Linked Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible 
after the Early Termination Event, (in the case of Cash Settled Warrants) an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount 
on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (in the case of Physical Delivery 
Warrants), subject to the payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery 
Amount in accordance with Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; 
 
in any case, it being understood that, in case of (A) or (B) above: 
 
(a) such replacement or substitution shall affect only the provisions related to Reference Entity Spread; and 
 
(b) the Calculation Agent will (x) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating to a credit default 
swap on the relevant Reference Entity used to determine the Reference Entity Spread and any settlement or payment terms under 
the Credit Linked Warrants, and/or adjust any other terms of the Credit Linked Warrants as it determines appropriate to preserve the 
economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the credit Linked Warrants and (y) determine the effective date of that 
adjustment. 
 
3.2.2    External Provider Event

--- Page 541 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Credit Linked Warrants 
 
 
541 
On any day where the applicable Reference Entity Spread Method is the External Provider Method, upon the Issuer becoming aware 
that the External Provider Spread is no longer available or it is illegal or impossible (as determined by the Calculation Agent) for the 
Calculation Agent to use the External Provider Method, the Issuer will change the determination of the Reference Entity Spread to 
the Dealer Poll Method with immediate effect, and give notice of the same to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
12 of the General Terms and Conditions, to the Warrantholders as soon as reasonably practicable. 
 
3.2.3   Credit Index Event 
 
If the Effective Credit Index Spread is no longer available or it is impossible (as determined by the Calculation Agent) for the Calculation 
Agent to use the Effective Credit Index Spread, the Issuer will change the determination of the Effective Credit Index Spread to the 
weighted average of the Reference Entity Spread for all Reference Entities in the relevant Reference Portfolio with immediate effect, 
and give notice of the same to the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 12 (Notices), to the Warrantholders as soon 
as reasonably practicable.

--- Page 542 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants 
 
 
542 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INFLATION LINKED WARRANTS 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause    "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Inflation Linked Warrants".  
 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these Additional Terms and 
Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked 
Warrants unless otherwise specified herein. 
 
1.  DEFINITIONS 
 
Closing Price means the level of the Inflation Index for a Reference Period which is relevant to the calculation of a payment under 
the Warrants. 
 
Fallback Bond means a bond, if any, selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level 
of inflation the Inflation Index relates and which pays an interest or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the Inflation 
Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the same day as the Expiration Date, (b) the next longest maturity after the Expiration 
Date, if there is no such bond maturing on the Expiration Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the Expiration Date, if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European 
Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not 
any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays an interest or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond 
from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on 
the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems the 
Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the 
original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). For the avoidance of doubt, if no 
bond defined in (a), (b) or (c) above is selected by the Calculation Agent, there will be no Fallback Bond. 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, of one or more 
(a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligations under the Warrants. 
 
Index Sponsor means the entity that publishes or announces (directly or through an agent) the level of the relevant Inflation Index 
on a regular basis.  
 
Inflation Index means any inflation index specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to 
the provisions of Condition 2.1 below. 
 
Payment Date means any date on which a payment is due and payable pursuant to the terms of the Warrants. 
 
Reference Period means the time period for which the level of the Inflation Index was calculated and to which, as a result, such level 
of Inflation Index refers, regardless of when this level is published or announced. The time period may be, but is not limited to, a 
calendar year, a semester, a quarter or a month. 
 
Substitute Index Level means an index level, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 2.1(a) below. 
 
Successor Index has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2 below. 
 
2. ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS 
 
2.1 Delay of Publication 
 
(a) If the Closing Price is not published or announced by the day that is five Business Days prior to the next following Payment Date 
under the Warrants, the Calculation Agent will determine a Substitute Index Level (in place of such Closing Price) by using the 
following methodology:  
 
(i) if applicable, the Calculation Agent shall take the same action to determine the Substitute Index Level for such Payment Date as 
that taken by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Fallback Bond;  
 
(ii) if (i) above does not result in a Substitute Index Level for such Payment Date for any reason, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Substitute Index Level as follows:  
 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level / Reference Level) 
 
Where:

--- Page 543 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants 
 
 
543 
Base Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the Index Sponsor in 
respect of the time period which is 12 calendar months prior to the time period for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined;  
 
Latest Level means the latest level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the Index 
Sponsor prior to the time period in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is being calculated; and  
 
Reference Level means the level of the Inflation Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the Index Sponsor 
prior to the time period that is 12 calendar months prior to the time period referred to in "Latest Level" above. 
 
(b) If a Closing Price is published or announced at any time after the day that is five Business Days prior to the next following Payment 
Date under the Warrants, such Closing Price will not be used in any calculations. The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant 
to the paragraph (a) above will be the definitive level for that Reference Period.  
 
If the Calculation Agent determines a Substitute Index Level in accordance with this Condition 2.1, the Calculation Agent may make 
any adjustment or adjustments (without limitation) to (x) the Substitute Index Level determined in accordance with this Condition 2.1 
and/or (y) any amount payable under the Warrants and/or any other relevant term of the Warrants, in each case, as the Calculation 
Agent deems necessary. 
 
Provided however that: 
 
- all references to the word "five" in (a) and (b) above shall be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 2.1, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Warrants are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2.2 Cessation of Publication  
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level of an Inflation Index is not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor for two 
consecutive months and/or the Index Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index 
and/or the Index Sponsor cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall determine a successor index (a Successor 
Index) (in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Warrants as follows: 
 
(i) if at any time, a successor index has been designated by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
Fallback Bond, such successor index shall be designated a Successor Index for the purposes of all subsequent Payment Dates in 
relation to the Warrants, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been determined under paragraphs 
(ii), (iii) or (iv) below; 
 
(ii) if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraph (i) above, and a notice has been given or an announcement has 
been made by the Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement index specified by the Index 
Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement index is calculated using the same or substantially similar 
formula or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation Index, such replacement index shall 
be the Inflation Index for purposes of the Warrants from the date that such replacement index comes into effect;  
 
(iii) if a Successor Index has not been determined under paragraphs (i) or (ii) above, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading 
independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation Index should be. If at least four responses are received, and 
of those responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed the "Successor 
Index". If three responses are received, and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, such index will be deemed 
the "Successor Index". If fewer than three responses are received, the Calculation Agent will proceed to paragraph (iv) hereof;  
 
(iv) if no Successor Index has been determined under paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) above by the fifth Business Day prior to the next 
following Payment Date under the Warrants, the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index for such date, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, and such index will be deemed the "Successor Index";  
 
Provided however that: 
- all references to the word "fifth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System; and 
 
(v) if the Calculation Agent determines that no alternative index is appropriate, the Calculation Agent shall: 
 
(a) consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an Early Termination Event). Where 
an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may 
be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of such event, (i) in case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early 
Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants or (ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants), subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the 
Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and 
Conditions; or  
 
(b) apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions).

--- Page 544 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Inflation Linked Warrants 
 
 
544 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent shall determine the date on which the Successor Index shall be deemed to replace 
the Inflation Index for the purposes of the Warrants.  
 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with this Condition 2.2, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment or 
adjustments (without limitation) to any amount payable under the Warrants and/or any other relevant term of the Warrants as the 
Calculation Agent deems necessary.  
 
2.3 Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased 
(the "Rebased Index") will be used for purposes of determining the Closing Price from the date of such rebasing; provided, however, 
that the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustments as are made by the calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions 
of the Fallback Bond, if any, to the level of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as 
the Inflation Index before it was rebased. If there is no Fallback Bond, the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments to the levels of 
the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. Any 
such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Warrants. 
 
2.4 Material Modification Prior to Payment Date 
 
If, on or prior to the day that is five Business Days prior to the Expiration Date under the Warrants, the Index Sponsor announces that 
it will make a material change to the Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, shall make any such adjustments to the Inflation Index consistent with adjustments made to the Fallback Bond, or, if there is 
no Fallback Bond, only those adjustments necessary for the modified Inflation Index to continue as the Inflation Index.  
 
Provided however that: 
 
- all references to the word "five" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
2.5 Manifest Error in Publication 
 
If, within the earlier of (i) 30 days of publication, and (ii) the day that is five Business Days prior to the next following Payment Date 
under the Warrants, the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor has corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy 
a manifest error in its original publication, the Calculation Agent may make any adjustment to any amount payable under the Warrants 
and/or any other relevant term of the Warrants as the Calculation Agent deems appropriate as a result of such correction and/or 
determine the amount (if any) that is payable as a result of that correction. 
 
Provided however that: 
- all references to the word "five" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
3. CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT AND 
CONSEQUENCES 
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, a Holding Limit Event or an Increased Cost of Hedging relating 
to an Inflation Index (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms 
and Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 545 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
545 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR BOND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that (i) 
the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is "Bond Linked Warrants" and (ii) "Bond Linked Warrants Provisions" is "Applicable". 
 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these Additional Terms and 
Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked 
Warrants unless otherwise specified herein.  
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the General Terms and Conditions or in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants, as the case may be. 
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in Condition 1 below shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 2 below, save to the 
extent it is completed in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Capitalised terms used in the definition of "Bond Issuer ISDA Event" below shall have the meanings given to them in Condition 3 
below. 
 
If any Bond is guaranteed, the applicable Final Terms will specify the “Bond Guarantor” in respect of such Bond and, as they apply 
to such Bond, any reference in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants to “Bond Issuer” and “Bond” shall 
be replaced by, respectively, “Bond Issuer and/or Bond Guarantor” and “Bond and/or Bond Guarantee”, where, for these purposes, 
Bond Guarantor means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or its successor in accordance with the Bond 
Guarantee), and Bond Guarantee means the guarantee provided by the Bond Guarantor in respect of the obligations of the Bond 
Issuer under such Bond. 
 
If any Bond is a loan participation note, the applicable Final Terms will specify the “Underlying Borrower” in respect of such Bond 
and, as they apply to such Bond, any reference in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants to “Bond Issuer” 
and “Bond” shall be replaced by, respectively, “Bond Issuer and/or Underlying Borrower” and “Bond and/or Underlying Loan”, where, 
for these purposes, Underlying Borrower means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or its successor in 
accordance with the Underlying Loan), and Underlying Loan means the loan provided by the Bond Issuer to the Underlying Borrower 
with the proceeds of issuance of such Bonds. 
 
1.    BOND LINKED WARRANTS PROVISIONS 
     
1.1 Settlement Method – Cash Settlement  
 
1.1.1      If a Bond Event has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in the period from and including the First Bond 
Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date and a Bond Event Notice and, if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information, are delivered during the Notice Delivery Period 
by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders, then the Issuer will no longer be liable for the payment of the Cash Settlement 
Amount on the Settlement Date or, as the case may be, transfer of the Physical Delivery Amount to the Warrantholder on the 
Settlement Date, and will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations hereunder in respect of the settlement of each Warrant, pay 
or procure payment of the Bond Event Amount (or a formula based on the Bond Event Amount, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) on the Bond Event Date. The Bond Notional Amount of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date 
has occurred and the Bond Final Value of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, the Bond 
Event Amount and the Bond Event Date shall be notified to the Warrantholders in the Bond Final Valuation Notice on the Bond Final 
Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
 
1.2 Partial Expiration and further issues 
 
Following any partial expiration of the Warrants (pursuant to Condition 6 of the General Terms and Conditions) or any further issue 
(pursuant to Condition 14  of the General Terms and Conditions), each of the following amounts will be multiplied by the ratio of (i) 
the number of Warrants outstanding after such partial expiration or further issue divided by (ii) the number of Warrants outstanding 
just before such partial expiration or further issue: 
 
(a) for Single Bond Linked Warrants, the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount; 
 
(b) for Basket Bond Linked Warrants, (i) the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, (ii) the Reference Portfolio Notional Amount and 
(iii) the Aggregate Loss Amount.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any other amount calculation of which depends on the above amounts will be re-calculated accordingly. 
 
1.3 Hedging Disruption - Increased Cost of Hedging - Change in Law - Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any 
of its Affiliates – Holding Limit Event - Consequences - Monetisation until the Expiration Date 
 
1.3.1     Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
 
Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Warrants.

--- Page 546 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
546 
 
1.3.2     Change in Law 
 
Change in Law has the meaning given to it in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
1.3.3    Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates 
 
Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates means, in respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants or Basket 
Bond Linked Warrants, that (i) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers 
all or substantially all its assets to, a Bond Issuer or (ii) a Bond Issuer consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers 
all or substantially all its assets to Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates and a Bond 
Issuer become Affiliates. 
 
1.3.4    Holding Limit Event 
 
Holding Limit Event means that Societe Generale and any of its affiliates, in aggregate hold, an interest in any one restricted Bond 
or issuance of Bonds, constituting or likely to constitute (directly or indirectly) ownership, control or the power to vote 25% or more of 
any class of voting securities, of the issuer of such Bond as determined by Societe Generale. A “restricted Bond” for the purpose of 
this definition, means those assets subject to internal monitoring by Societe Generale for purposes of its compliance with restrictions 
imposed by the Volcker Rule. As used herein, the “Volcker Rule” means the amendments to the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 
made by Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, including any requests, regulations, rules, 
guidelines or directives made by the relevant governmental authority under, or issued by the relevant governmental authority in 
connection with, such rule. 
 
1.3.5    Consequences 
 
Upon the occurrence of an Exceptional Event Date (as defined below), the Calculation Agent may decide to either: 
 
A. designate such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination Event). In the 
case where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as 
the case may be, (x) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis 
of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5.2  of the General Terms and Conditions or, (y) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, 
subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 6.5.2  of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
B. if the relevant Exceptional Event (as defined below) is related to one or several affected Bonds or issuance of Bonds as 
applicable, (the Affected Bond(s)), replace the Affected Bond(s) by a new bond (or new bonds, as relevant) which is (respectively 
are each) a Similar Bond and in such a case the terms of the Reference Transaction shall be deemed amended accordingly; or 
 
C. apply the Monetisation until the Expiration Date; 
 
or, only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging 
 
D. in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, 
Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) due under the Warrants, as the case may 
be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level 
Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement  Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any Optional Early Settlement Amount, 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount in respect of 
the Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement  Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants (such 
reduction being the Reduction Amount of the Warrants and the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or 
 
E. in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, the Issuer shall no longer be liable for delivery of (1) the Physical Delivery Amount 
related to the Optional Early Settlement Date or Event-linked Early Settlement Date or Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount on the delivery date thereof and/or (2) the Physical Delivery Amount as defined in 
the applicable Final Terms on the Settlement Date, but instead will, in full and final satisfaction of its obligations, and subject to 
payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, deliver Deliverable Assets in an amount equal to the sum of (i) the 
Physical Delivery Amount, Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount, as the case 
may be, less the Reduction Amount of the Warrants (subject to a floor of zero) and (ii) the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the 
Parity. 
 
Following the occurrence of an Exceptional Event Date, the Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer, which shall in its turn notify the 
Warrantholders pursuant to the provisions of Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions of the relevant adjustment made or 
decision taken by the Calculation Agent. Details of any adjustment made or decision taken may be obtained by the Warrantholders 
upon request at the Calculation Agent's specified address. 
 
If the Calculation Agent has elected to apply Condition 1.3.5(C) (Monetisation until the Expiration Date), or Condition 1.3.5(D) or 
Condition 1.3.5(E) above and a Bond Event Determination Date occurs after the Exceptional Event Date, the provisions of

--- Page 547 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
547 
Condition 1.3.5(C), Condition 1.3.5(D) or Condition 1.3.5(E) above, as the case may be, shall no longer apply and instead the 
Warrants shall be settled at the Bond Event Amount.  
 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
 
Exceptional Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith, the occurrence during the period from and 
including the Issue Date to and including the Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date of one or more of Hedging Disruption, an 
Increased Cost of Hedging, a Change in Law, Merger of a Bond Issuer and Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates or a Holding Limit 
Event. 
 
Exceptional Event Date means in respect of an Exceptional Event, the date, from and including the Issue Date to and including the 
Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date, on which the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that an Exceptional Event has 
occurred. An Exceptional Event Date may not occur after a Bond Event Determination Date. 
 
Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date means the fourth (4th) Business Day (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants 
or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the twelfth Business Day) immediately preceding the Expiration Date. 
 
Similar Bond means a bond with an equivalent residual maturity, and (i) an equivalent Rating if available (as defined below) or (ii) 
an equivalent credit risk (if no Rating is available) and to the extent possible as secondary criteria, geographic and industry proximity. 
For the purposes of this definition Rating means the senior unsecured debt rating assigned by the three rating agencies Moody’s 
France S.A.S., S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited or any of them, it being understood that if the 
ratings assigned in respect of an entity are not equivalent, only the highest one(s) will be taken into consideration. 
 
2.    DEFINITIONS 
 
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly 
or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any entity 
or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned. 
 
Aggregate Loss Amount means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, the aggregate of the Loss Amounts in respect of the 
Bond(s) in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred. 
 
Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount means, as of the Issue Date, in respect of an Issue of Warrants, the product of the Notional 
Amount per Warrant multiplied by the number of Warrants in respect of such Issue of Warrants. 
 
American Settlement means, in respect of Bond Linked Warrants that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement 
Type" is "American Settlement". 
 
Auction Period means, the number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each being a Quotation Day) immediately 
following and excluding the Third Quotation Day as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Basket Bond Linked Warrant means, a Bond Linked Warrant indexed on several Bonds for which the applicable Final Terms specify 
that the clause "Type of Bond Linked Warrants" is "Basket Bond Linked Warrants". 
 
Bond means each Bond specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Bond Acceleration means, in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become due and payable before it would otherwise have been due and 
payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, early redemption or other similar condition or 
event (however described in the terms and conditions governing such Bond as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date). 
 
Bond Change in Law Event means, as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date (i) the adoption of any change in any applicable 
law or regulation (including without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or (ii) the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction). 
 
Bond Currency means, the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms being the currency in which the Bond is 
denominated. 
 
Bond Default means, in respect of a Bond, a Bond has become capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise 
have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default, or other similar condition 
or event (however described in the terms and conditions governing such Bond as of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date), 
notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such Bond.  
 
Bond Early Redemption means, in respect of a Bond (i) an early repayment at par of the Bond other than in accordance with its 
terms and conditions, (ii) an early redemption of the Bond for tax reasons in accordance with its terms and conditions, (iii) an early 
redemption of the Bond at, below or above par in accordance with its terms and conditions or (iv) any other early redemption and/or 
early repayment of the Bond in accordance with its terms and conditions, including, without limitation, any partial or total call of the 
Bonds by the Bond Issuer.

--- Page 548 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
548 
Bond Event means, in respect of a Bond, as determined by the Calculation Agent and described in the Bond Event Notice, the 
occurrence during the period from and including the First Bond Event Occurrence Date to and including the Last Bond Event 
Occurrence Date of one or more of Bond Acceleration, Bond Default, Bond Early Redemption, Bond Failure to Pay, Bond 
Governmental Intervention, Bond Issuer ISDA Event or Bond Restructuring, including if such Bond Event is the result of a Bond 
Change in Law Event, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Bond Event, such occurrence will constitute a Bond Event whether or not such 
occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
 
(a)    any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of a Bond Issuer to enter into any Bond;  
 
(b)    any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Bond; 
 
(c)    any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
 
(d)    the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any 
monetary or other authority, however described. 
 
A Bond Event need not be continuing on the Bond Event Determination Date. 
 
Bond Event Amount means, the maximum of zero and: 
 
(a)    In respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants where the Bond Currency is the same as the Settlement Currency of the Warrants, 
an amount equal for each Warrant to the sum (subject to a minimum of zero)  of (A)(i) the product of the Bond Final Value and the 
Notional Amount per Warrant and (ii) the product of the Relevant Proportion and the Breakage Cost Amount of the Bond (in the 
case of (ii) which may be a negative amount) if this option is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms or zero if this 
option is specified as "Not applicable" in the applicable Final Terms minus (B) the product of the Notional Amount of each Warrant  
and the Reference Transaction Price (unless Reference Transaction Price is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final 
Terms); or 
 
(b)    In respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants where the Bond Currency is different from the Settlement Currency of the Warrants 
an amount equal for each Warrant to the sum (subject to a minimum of zero) of (A)(i) the product of the Bond Final Value and the 
Relevant Proportion of the Bond Notional Amount (expressed in the Settlement Currency of the Warrants using the Relevant Spot 
Exchange Rate on or around the Bond Final Value Determination Date) and (ii) the product of the Relevant Proportion and the 
Breakage Cost Amount of the Bond (in the case of (ii) which may be a negative amount) if this option is specified as “Applicable” in 
the applicable Final Terms or zero if this option is specified as “Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms minus (B) the product 
of the Notional Amount of each Warrant and the Reference Transaction Price (unless Reference Transaction Price is specified as 
“Not Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms); or 
 
 
(c)    In respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, an amount equal for each Warrant to the sum (subject to a minimum of zero) of 
(A)(i) the product of the Relevant Proportion and the difference between the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount and the Aggregate 
Loss Amount as at the Expiration Date and (ii) the product of the Relevant Proportion and the aggregate Breakage Cost Amount of 
each of the relevant Bonds if this option is specified as "Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms or zero if this option is specified as 
"Not applicable" in the applicable Final Terms minus (B) the product of the Notional Amount of each Warrant and the aggregate 
Reference Transaction Price  of each of the relevant Bonds (unless Reference Transaction Price is specified as “Not Applicable” in 
the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Bond Event Date means, a date that is a Payment Business Day: 
 
(a)    If American Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
The day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants 
or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following the Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date. 
 
(b)    If European Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
The later of (a) the Settlement Date and (b) the day that is four Payment Business Days (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish 
Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, twelve Payment Business Days) following the Bond 
Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, or in the case of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, following the last Bond Final Valuation Notice 
Receipt Date. 
 
Bond Event Determination Date means, in respect of a Bond Event, the day during the Notice Delivery Period on which a Bond 
Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the information of the Warrantholders. 
 
Bond Event Notice means, an irrevocable notice (including Succession Event Information, if any) that is effective during the Notice 
Delivery Period delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders that describes a Bond Event that occurred on or prior to 
the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date. A Bond Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to

--- Page 549 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
549 
the determination that a Bond Event has occurred (subject to the description therein being limited by any confidentiality restrictions, 
applicable laws, rules or regulations binding on the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent). The Bond Event that is the subject of a Bond 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the Bond Event Determination Date. If a Bond Event Notice contains Publicly Available 
Information, such Bond Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
 
Bond Failure to Pay means, in respect of a Bond, the failure by a Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, any payment under a 
Bond, provided that such failure is not remedied on or before the third Business Day (included) immediately following the relevant 
scheduled payment date, notwithstanding any grace period set forth in the terms and conditions governing such Bond at the time of 
such failure. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, such failure by a Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, any payment under a Bond shall include 
(but is not limited to) any payment deferral due to (i) the own funds regulatory capital (or, if different, whatever the terminology 
employed to denote such concept by the then applicable supervisory regulations) of the Bond Issuer being not sufficient to cover its 
capital requirements (including, the applicable solvency capital requirement or the applicable minimum capital requirement) or any 
applicable capital requirements for internationally active insurance groups whichever occurs earlier; or (ii) the relevant supervisory 
authority having notified the Bond Issuer that it has determined, in view of the financial condition of the Bond Issuer, that in accordance 
with the then applicable supervisory regulations at such time, the Bond Issuer must take specified action in relation to payments under 
the Bond. 
 
Bond Final Price means, in respect of a Bond, a quotation (expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount) obtained from 
Quotation Dealers in the manner provided below. The Calculation Agent will determine, based on the then current market practice, 
whether such quotations will include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and all quotations will be obtained in accordance with this 
determination. The Calculation Agent will determine the Bond Final Price from the Full Quotations, the Weighted Average Quotation, 
the Partial Weighted Average Quotation or the Residual Quotation Amount (each as defined below).  For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Bond Final Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent, is based on obtained Quotations, without any obligation by the Calculation 
Agent to actually realise any sale transaction in relation to such Quotations. 
 
The Calculation Agent will require each Quotation Dealer to provide quotations to the extent reasonably practicable on the relevant 
day at approximately 11.00 a.m. London time or 11.00 a.m. New York time or 11.00 a.m. in any other leading market where the 
liquidity of such Bond may be better, as determined by the Calculation Agent, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent, may on 
the First Quotation Day and if applicable, on the Second Quotation Day, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determine 
whether to request (i) at least one Full Quotation and/or (ii) several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in order to establish a 
Weighted Average Quotation. 
 
To such end: 
 
(a)    if the Calculation Agent obtains at least one Full Quotation and/or one Weighted Average Quotation on the First Quotation Day, 
the Bond Final Price will be the highest Quotation of the Full Quotation(s) or Weighted Average Quotation(s) obtained (if any) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
 
(b)    if the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain at least one Full Quotation or to determine a Weighted Average Quotation on the 
First Quotation Day, the Calculation Agent will attempt to obtain at least one Full Quotation and/or one Weighted Average Quotation 
on the Second Quotation Day, and the Bond Final Price will be the highest Quotation of the Full Quotation(s) or Weighted Average 
Quotation(s) obtained (if any) by the Calculation Agent; 
 
(c)    if the Calculation Agent obtains quotations for an aggregate amount lower than the Quotation Amount on the Second Quotation 
Day, then on the Third Quotation Day, it will attempt to obtain several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in order to establish 
a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation Amount. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to establish on the Third Quotation Day a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual 
Quotation Amount, it will, until obtaining a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation 
Amount, on each Quotation Day during the Auction Period, attempt to obtain several firm bid quotations from Quotation Dealers in 
order to establish a Partial Weighted Average Quotation in respect of an amount equal to the Residual Quotation Amount.  For the 
avoidance of doubt, once a Partial Weighted Average Quotation is obtained on either the Third Quotation Day or on any Quotation 
Day in the Auction Period there will be no obligation on the Calculation Agent to seek a further Partial Weighted Average Quotation. 
The Bond Final Price will then be the weighted average of (i) the firm bid quotations obtained on the Second Quotation Day (if any) 
and (ii) the Partial Weighted Average Quotation (if any) for the portion equal to the Residual Quotation Amount and (iii) the value 
determined by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner and for the avoidance of doubt this value can be 
zero for any remaining amount for which no quotation was obtained. 
 
Bond Final Price Accrued Interest means, in respect of a Quotation: 
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final Price Accrued Interest" is "Excluding Accrued Interest": 
 
Taking into account whether Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest, the Bond 
Final Price will be determined by the Calculation Agent as being the equivalent price to the Bond Final Price otherwise calculated so 
that it is a 'clean" price, excluding accrued but unpaid interest.  
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final Price Accrued Interest" is "Including Accrued Interest":

--- Page 550 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
550 
Taking into account whether Quotations obtained by the Calculation Agent include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest, the Bond 
Final Price will be determined by the Calculation Agent as being the equivalent price to the Bond Final Price otherwise calculated so 
that it is a "dirty" or "all in" price, including accrued but unpaid interest. 
 
Bond Final Valuation Notice means, the notice delivered on the Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date, specifying: 
 
(i)    The Bond Notional Amount of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred and the Bond Final 
Value of each Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred each as of the Bond Final Value Determination 
Date; 
 
(ii)    the Bond Event Amount; and 
 
(iii)    the Bond Event Date. 
 
Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date means, the day (such day being expected to be no later than the 10th Business Day 
following the Bond Final Value Determination Date) on which the Calculation Agent delivers the Bond Final Valuation Notice on behalf 
of the Issuer to the relevant Clearing Systems, for the information of the Warrantholders. 
 
Bond Final Value means, in respect of a Bond in respect of which a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred, either: 
 
(a)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final Value" is stated as being "Fixed Recovery":  
The percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(b)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final Value" is stated as being "Floating Recovery":  
        The percentage determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
 
(i)     the Bond Final Price;  
 
(ii)     plus, if any, any partial or total repayment in cash of the Bond which would have been paid to the holders of the Bond under the 
Bond as of the Bond Final Value Determination Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed as a percentage of the Bond 
Notional Amount;  
 
(iii)     plus, if any, the price (expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount), calculated using a method similar to that used 
to determine the Bond Final Price, of any securities which would have been delivered to the holders of the Bond under the Bond as 
of the Bond Final Value Determination Date as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
 
(iv)     minus the Valuation Hedging Cost; 
 
(v)    minus any amount due and payable under the Bond in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Bond as in force and 
effect as of the Issue Date (expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount) which is still unpaid at the Bond Final Value 
Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
The Bond Final Value is subject to a minimum of zero per cent and to a maximum of 100 per cent of the Bond Notional Amount unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Bond Final Value Determination Date means: 
 
(a)    If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Bond Final Value" is stated as being "Fixed Recovery": 
 
The date on which the Bond Event Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System for the information of the Warrantholders. 
 
(b)     If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Bond Final Value" is stated as being "Floating Recovery": 
 
The date on which the Bond Final Price is calculated by the Calculation Agent.  
 
Bond Governmental Intervention means, with respect to one or more Bonds that any one or more of the following events occurs 
as a result of action taken or an announcement made, by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and 
resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Bond Issuer in a form which is 
binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the Bond: 
 
(i) any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
 
(A)    a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of 
redenomination); 
 
(B)    a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
 
(C)    a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal 
or premium; or

--- Page 551 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
551 
(D)    a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the Bond, causing the Subordination of such obligation to 
any other obligation of the Bond Issuer; 
 
(ii) an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the Bond; 
 
(iii) a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
 
(iv) any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this definition. 
 
Bond Issuer ISDA Event means that there is a public announcement by ISDA of the occurrence of a Credit Event (as defined in 
Condition 3) in relation to the Bond Issuer.   
 
Bond Issuer means, in respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants, the Bond Issuer (or its Successor) or, in respect of Basket Bond 
Linked Warrants, each Bond Issuer (or its Successor) comprised in the Reference Portfolio, specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
In the case of a Single Bond Linked Warrant or in the case of a Basket Bond Linked Warrants where any Bond Issuer represents 20% 
or more of all Bond Issuers in the Reference Portfolio, then, the Bond Issuer shall have its securities already admitted to trading on 
a regulated market, equivalent third country market or SME Growth Market. 
 
Bond Linked Warrant means, a Warrant in respect of which (i) the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Linked 
Warrants Provisions" is "Applicable" and (ii) these Additional Terms and Conditions apply.  
 
Bond Notional Amount means, (a) in respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants, on the Issue Date the amount as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and thereafter as such amount is adjusted pro rata the outstanding Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount of 
the Warrants or (b) in respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, on the Issue Date, in respect of each Bond, the amount as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (being in respect of each Bond the product of the Bond Weighting and the Reference Portfolio Notional 
Amount) and thereafter as such amount is adjusted pro rata the outstanding Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount of the Warrants. 
 
Bond Restructuring means that: 
 
(a)    with respect to each Bond, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds any holders of such Bond 
(including, in each case, by way of an exchange), whether or not such event is expressly provided for or not under the terms of such 
Bond in effect as of the later of the First Bond Event Occurrence Date and the date as of which such Bond is issued or incurred: 
 
(i)    any amount to be received by any holder of the Bond under the Bond would be reduced or paid in or exchanged into another 
form due to any Bond Change in Law Event; 
 
(ii)    a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals initially provided for; 
(iii)     a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled redemption dates initially provided for; 
 
(iv)    a postponement, suspension or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest or (B) the 
payment of principal or premium; 
 
(v)    a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any obligation under the Bond, causing the Subordination of such obligation to 
any other obligation of the Bond Issuer;  
 
(vi)    any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to any other currency; or 
 
(vii)    any variation of the terms of the Bond. 
 
(b)    Notwithstanding the provisions of (a) above, the following will not constitute a Bond Restructuring: the payment in euro of interest 
or principal in relation to a Bond denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union. 
 
Bond Weighting means, the proportion specified as such for each Bond in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Breakage Cost Amount means, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent, expressed in the Settlement Currency of the 
Warrants using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the relevant calculation date(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent, equal 
to the fees, costs and expenses arising directly or indirectly, in connection with (i) terminating, unwinding, realizing or enforcing any 
repurchase transaction (if any) with the Bond as underlying asset, the purpose of which is to refinance the relevant Bond and (ii) 
entering into, trading or increasing any repurchase transaction (or any transaction with similar purposes) with the Collateral Assets (if 
any) as underlying asset, the purpose of which is to refinance the Collateral Assets (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, the Breakage 
Cost Amount may be a positive amount (if to be received by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates) or a negative amount (if to be 
paid by Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates).  
 
Business Days means the days specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, it means, in respect of any city, 
any day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in that city.

--- Page 552 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
552 
Calculation Agent of the Reference Transaction means Societe Generale 
 
Close-out Amount means, with respect to the Reference Transaction (the Terminated Transaction), the amount of the losses 
and/or costs of the Determining Party, converted if necessary in the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on 
the Reference Transaction Price Determination Date, that are or would be incurred under then prevailing circumstances (expressed 
as a positive number) or gains of the Determining Party converted if necessary in the Settlement Currency using the Relevant Spot 
Exchange Rate on the Reference Transaction Price Determination Date that are or would be realized under the prevailing 
circumstances (expressed as a negative number) in terminating, liquidating or re-establishing the Terminated Transaction 
, assuming an Early Termination Date has not occurred.  
 
Any Close-out Amount will be determined by the Determining Party (or its agent), which will act in good faith and use commercially 
reasonable procedures in order to produce a commercially reasonable result.  
 
In determining a Close-out Amount, the Determining Party may consider any relevant information, including, without limitation, one 
or more of the following types of information:  
 
(i)    quotations (either firm or indicative) for terminating, liquidating or re-establishing the Terminated Transaction supplied by one or 
more third parties that may take into account the creditworthiness of the Determining Party at the time the quotation is provided and 
the terms of any relevant documentation, including credit support documentation, between the Determining Party and the third party 
providing the quotation;  
 
(ii)    information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more third parties, including, without 
limitation, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant 
market;  
 
(iii)    information of the types described in clause (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including any of the Determining Party’s 
Affiliates) if that information is of the same type used by the Determining Party in the regular course of its business for the valuation 
of similar transactions, and/or 
 
(iv)    parameters regarding the CSA Terms relating to the Reference Transaction as defined below in this Condition 1.  
 
When considering information described in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, the Determining Party may include costs of funding, to 
the extent costs of funding are not and would not be a component of the other information being utilised.  
 
Third parties supplying quotations pursuant to clause (i) above or market data pursuant to clause (ii) above may include, without 
limitation, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, information vendors, brokers and other sources of 
market information. 
 
Commercially reasonable procedures used in determining the Close-out Amount may include, without limitation, the following:  
 
(1) application to relevant market data from third parties pursuant to clause (ii) above or information from internal sources pursuant 
to clause (iii) above of pricing or other valuation models that are, at the time of the determination of the Close-out Amount, used by 
the Determining Party in the regular course of its business in pricing or valuing transactions between the Determining Party and 
unrelated third parties that are similar to the Terminated Transaction; and  
 
(2) application of different valuation methods to the Terminated Transaction depending on the type, complexity or size of the 
Terminated Transaction. 
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this definition shall have the meaning given to them in the Reference Transaction unless 
defined elsewhere in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
CSA Terms means pursuant to the CSA (as defined in the definition “Reference Agreement” below) the following terms: 
 
"Alternative to Interest Amount":  The provisions of Interest Amount will apply 
 
“Base Currency” means EUR 
 
"Base Currency Equivalent" means in the case of an amount denominated in the Base Currency, such Base Currency amount and, 
in the case of an amount denominated in a currency other than the Base Currency (the "Other Currency"), the amount of Base 
Currency required to purchase such amount of the Other Currency at the spot exchange rate determined by the Valuation Agent for 
value on such Valuation Date. 
 
"Credit Support Amount" means, with respect to a Transferor on a Valuation Date the Transferee’s Exposure; provided that the 
Credit Support Amount will be deemed to be zero whenever the calculation of Credit Support Amount yields a number less than 
zero.  
 
"Credit Support Balance" means, with respect to a Transferor on a Valuation Date, the aggregate of all Eligible Credit Support that 
has been transferred to or received by the Transferee under the CSA, together with any Distributions and all proceeds of any such 
Eligible Credit Support or Distributions, as reduced pursuant to the Return Amount, an event of default in relation to a party or if the 
Transferor has transferred to the Transferee Eligible Credit Support in exchange for certain Eligible Credit Support comprised in the

--- Page 553 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
553 
Transferor's Credit Support Balance. Any Equivalent Distributions or Interest Amount (or portion of either) not transferred pursuant 
to the Distributions or Interest Amount will form part of the Credit Support Balance. 
 
"Delivery Amount" will equal the amount by which: 
 
(i) the Credit Support Amount  
 
exceeds  
 
(ii) the Value as of the Valuation Date of the Transferor's Credit Support Balance (adjusted to include any prior Delivery Amount and 
to exclude any prior Return Amount, the transfer of which, in either case, has not yet been completed and for which the relevant 
Settlement Day falls on or after such Valuation Date). 
 
"Distributions": The Transferee will transfer to the Transferor not later than the Settlement Day following the Local Business Day on 
which a holder of such Eligible Credit Support is entitled to receive Distributions, cash, securities or other property of the same type, 
nominal value, description and amount as the relevant Distributions ("Equivalent Distributions"), as calculated by the Valuation 
Agent (and the date of calculation will be deemed a Valuation Date for this purpose).  
 
"Eligible Credit Support" for both parties means cash in the Eligible Currency  
 
“Eligible Currency” means the Base Currency or a currency of any member of the Group of Seven (G7) 
 
"Exposure" means, with respect to a party on a Valuation Date, the amount, if any, that would be payable to that party by the other 
party (expressed as a positive number) or by that party to the other party (expressed as a negative number) if all transactions (other 
than the transaction constituted by the CSA) were being terminated as of the relevant Valuation Time. 
 
"Independent Amount", "Threshold" and "Minimum Transfer Amount" mean zero for both parties 
 
"Interest Amount": The Transferee will transfer to the Transferor on the Local Business Day following the date such Interest Amount 
is determined (which will be the first Local Business Day of each calendar month) the relevant Interest Amount, as calculated by the 
Valuation Agent (and the date of calculation will be deemed a Valuation Date for this purpose).  
 
"Interest Rate" means the standard overnight rate for cash in the Eligible Currency 
 
"Local Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London, Paris, Luxembourg and the 
additional business days specified in the applicable Final Terms in the Section "Business Days (for the purposes of the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants)". 
 
"Notification Time" means 2.00 p.m., London time, on a Local Business Day 
 
"Return Amount" will equal the amount by which: 
 
(i) the Value as of that Valuation Date of the Transferor's Credit Support Balance (adjusted to include any prior Delivery Amount and 
to exclude any prior Return Amount, the transfer of which, in either case, has not yet been completed and for which the relevant 
Settlement Day falls on or after such Valuation Date 
 
exceeds 
 
(ii) the Credit Support Amount 
 
“Rounding”: The Delivery Amount will be rounded up / down to the nearest integral multiple of EUR 100,000.  The Return Amount 
will be rounded up / down to the nearest integral multiple of EUR 100,000 
 
"Settlement Day" means, in relation to a date, (i) with respect to a transfer of any type of Eligible Credit Support, (i) the Local 
Business Day after such date on which settlement of a trade in the relevant type of Eligible Credit Support, if effected on such date, 
would have been settled in accordance with customary practice when settling through the clearance system or on the market in 
which such type of Eligible Credit Support is principally traded; or (ii) if there is no such customary practice, the Local Business Day 
after such date on which it is reasonably practicable to transfer such type of Eligible Credit Support. 
 
"Transferee" means, in relation to each Valuation Date, the party in respect of which Exposure is a positive number and, in relation 
to a Credit Support Balance, the party which, subject to the CSA, owes such Credit Support Balance or, as the case may be, the 
Value of such Credit Support Balance to the other party. 
 
"Transferor" means, in relation to a Transferee, the other party. 
 
"Transfer of Interest Amount": The transfer of the Interest Amount will be made on the last Local Business Day of each calendar 
month and on any Local Business Day that a Return Amount consisting wholly or partly of cash is transferred to the Transferor. 
 
“Valuation Agent” means Societe Generale in all circumstances

--- Page 554 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
554 
 
“Valuation Date” means each Local Business Day 
 
"Valuation Percentage" means 100% 
 
“Valuation Time” means the close of business on the Local Business Day immediately preceding the Valuation Date or date of 
calculation, as applicable 
 
"Value" means, for any Valuation Date other date for which Value is calculated, with respect to: 
 
(i) Eligible Credit Support comprised in a Credit Support Balance that is: 
amount of cash, the Base Currency Equivalent of such amount multiplied by the Valuation Percentage, if any; and 
 
(ii) a security, the Base Currency Equivalent of the bid price obtained by the Valuation Agent multiplied by the Valuation 
Percentage, if any; and 
 
(iii) items that are comprised in a Credit Support Balance and are not Eligible Credit Support, zero. 
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Reference Agreement. 
 
Determining Party means Societe Generale. 
 
European Settlement means, in respect of Bond Linked Warrants that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement 
Type" is stated as being "European Settlement". 
 
Excluding Accrued Interest means, that the Bond Final Price Accrued Interest will be calculated according to paragraph (a) of the 
definition of Bond Final Price Accrued Interest. 
 
Expiration Date means, a day that is a Payment Business Day: 
 
(a)     If American Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
The earlier of the dates set out in (i) and (ii) below: 
 
(i)     the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Expiration Date) ; or 
 
(ii)     the Bond Event Date if a Bond Event Notice is delivered during the Notice Delivery Period; or 
 
(b)     If European Settlement is specified in the applicable Final Terms: the later of the dates set out in paragraphs (a)(i) and (ii) 
above. 
 
PROVIDED THAT in respect of both Single Bond Linked Warrants and Basket Bond Linked Warrants, in the case of an Unsettled 
Bond Event, the Bond Event Date may occur after the Scheduled Expiration Date and in such case the Settlement Date of the 
Warrants will be the Bond Event Date.   
 
Extension Date means, the fourth Business Day (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian 
Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the twelfth Business Day) following the Last Bond Event Occurrence Date. 
 
First Bond Event Occurrence Date means, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
First Quotation Day means, the first day the Calculation Agent attempts to obtain Full Quotations (such day falling no later than 20 
Business Days or the number of Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms after the Bond Event Determination Date). 
 
Fixed Recovery means, in respect of Bond Linked Warrants that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final 
Value" is "Fixed Recovery: [●] per cent.". 
 
Floating Recovery means, in respect of Bond Linked Warrants, that the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Bond Final 
Value" is "Floating Recovery". 
 
Full Quotation means, each firm bid quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer for an amount equal to the Quotation Amount. 
 
Governmental Authority means: 
 
(i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
 
(ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body;  
 
(iii) any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or 
supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Bond Issuer or some or all of its obligations; or

--- Page 555 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
555 
(iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above. 
 
Hedge Positions means as defined in Condition 6.8.3 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, provided that for the 
purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions, Hedge Positions will be deemed to include, as applicable, the Optional Hedge 
Positions (if any). 
 
Including Accrued Interest means, that the Bond Final Price Accrued Interest will be calculated according to paragraph (b) of the 
definition of Bond Final Price Accrued Interest. 
 
Last Bond Event Occurrence Date means, the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if not specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the fourth (4th) Business Day (or in respect of Uncertificated Swedish Warrants, Uncertificated Norwegian 
Warrants or Uncertificated Finnish Warrants, the twelfth Business Day) immediately preceding the Expiration Date. 
 
Loss Amount means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, in respect of a Bond in respect of which a Bond Event 
Determination Date has occurred, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the product of (i) the Bond Notional Amount and (ii) 
the difference between the Reference Price in respect of each Bond, and the Bond Final Value, subject to a minimum of zero. 
 
Notice Delivery Period means, the period from and including the Issue Date to and including the Extension Date. 
 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means, in relation to a Bond Event Notice, an irrevocable notice delivered by or on behalf 
of the Issuer that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Bond Event, described in the Bond Event 
Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If a 
Bond Event Notice contains Publicly Available Information, such Bond Event Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information. 
 
Partial Weighted Average Quotation means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, in respect of the Third Quotation Day and, if 
relevant, the Auction Period, the weighted average of the firm bid quotation(s) requested by the Calculation Agent for the Residual 
Quotation Amount and obtained from the Quotation Dealers on the Third Quotation Day and, if relevant, during the Auction Period, to 
the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, that in aggregate are equal to or greater than the 
Residual Quotation Amount.  PROVIDED THAT if the aggregate of such quotations is greater than the Residual Quotation Amount, 
the Calculation Agent shall reduce pro rata the notional amount of each firm bid quotation so that the aggregate of the firm bid 
quotations shall be equal to the Residual Quotation Amount. 
 
Publicly Available Information means, information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the determination that the 
Bond Event as applicable, described in the Bond Event Notice, has occurred and which: 
 
(a)    has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, (regardless of whether the reader or user 
thereof pays a fee to obtain such information); or 
 
(b)    is information received from or published by: 
 
(i)    a Bond Issuer (or if the Bond Issuer is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority thereof 
acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank of such Sovereign); or 
 
(ii)    a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for a Bond, or 
 
(c)    is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, 
exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body; or 
 
(d)    is information contained in a public announcement by ISDA. 
 
PROVIDED THAT where any information of the type described in paragraph (b) or (c) of this definition is not publicly available, it can 
only constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other 
restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the party receiving such information 
may assume that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered 
into any agreement or understanding with the Bond Issuer or any Affiliate of the Bond Issuer that would be breached by, or would 
prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state that such occurrence (a) is the result of exceeding any applicable 
grace period, or (b) has met any subjective criteria specified in a Bond Event. 
 
Public Source means, each source of Publicly Available Information specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if no such source is 
specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones, Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, 
Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and 
successor publications), as well as the main source(s) of business news in the country in which the Bond Issuer is organised and any 
other internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
 
Quotation means, a Full Quotation, a Weighted Average Quotation or a Partial Weighted Average Quotation, as the case may be.

--- Page 556 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
556 
 
Quotation Amount means, an amount equal to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount, in respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants 
(for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with the provisions of the Weighted Average Quotation, such Quotation Amount may be 
greater than the Bond Notional Amount or Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount); otherwise (in respect of Basket Bond Linked 
Warrants), the Quotation Amount shall be a weighted amount in respect of each Bond, the sum of all such Quotation Amounts being 
equal to the Aggregate Warrant Notional Amount (for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with the provisions of the Weighted 
Average Quotation, such Quotation Amount may be greater than the Bond Notional Amount).  
 
Quotation Dealers means, at least three leading dealers in bonds of the type of the Bond for which Quotations are to be obtained, 
which may include Societe Generale, as selected by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
Reference Agreement means a hypothetical  agreement between Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates and a hypothetical 
counterparty in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency – Cross Border) (the ISDA Master) together with a 
hypothetical  annex thereto in the form of the 1995 Credit Support Annex (Bilateral Form – Transfer) (the CSA) as if Societe 
Generale or any of its Affiliates and a hypothetical counterparty had executed on the Issue Date of the Warrants  (i) the hypothetical 
ISDA Master in such form with only one hypothetical Transaction (as defined in the hypothetical ISDA Master) thereunder (but 
without any Schedule except for (x) the election of English law as the governing law, (y) the Settlement Currency of the Warrants as 
the Termination Currency and (z) the deletion of all of the Events of Default and termination events (other than the Reference 
Transaction Additional Termination Event(s) (as defined below in this Condition) in respect of each party)) and (ii) the hypothetical 
CSA having the CSA Terms (as defined above). Societe Generale shall make all calculations and determinations pursuant to the 
Reference Agreement.  
 
Reference Transaction means a hypothetical transaction deemed entered into between Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates 
and a hypothetical counterparty, under the Reference Agreement, with a notional amount equal to the outstanding Aggregate 
Notional Amount of the Warrants, in order to hedge amounts (whether principal, interest or any other amounts) that would have 
been paid (i) on the Bond, in accordance with its original terms as at the Issue Date of the Warrants, from (and including) the Issue 
Date of the Warrants to (and including) the maturity date of the Bond (such amounts being deemed payable by Societe Generale or 
any of its Affiliates to the hypothetical counterparty) and (ii) on the Warrants from (and including) the Issue Date of the Warrants to 
(and including) the Scheduled Expiration Date (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) of the Warrants (such amounts being 
deemed payable by the hypothetical counterparty to Societe Generale or any of its Affiliates). The Reference Transaction is used to 
calculate and determine the Reference Transaction Price. Societe Generale shall make all calculations and determinations pursuant 
to the Reference Transaction.  
 
Reference Transaction Additional Termination Event(s) means the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date. Upon the 
occurrence of such an event, an Early Termination Date (as defined in the ISDA Master) under the Reference Agreement shall be 
deemed to have occurred. 
 
Reference Transaction Price means the price determined on the Reference Transaction Price Determination Date (expressed as 
a percentage of the outstanding Aggregate Notional Amount of the Warrants), as determined by the Calculation Agent of the 
Reference Transaction in accordance with the Reference Transaction Price Determination Method, which corresponds to the Close-
out Amount (as defined above). For the avoidance of doubt, Unpaid Amounts (as defined in Section 14 “Definitions” of the ISDA 
Master (as defined in the definition “Reference Agreement” above)) in respect of the terminated Reference Transaction, legal fees 
and out-of-pocket expenses are to be excluded in the determination of the Close-out Amount. 
 
Reference Transaction Price Determination Date means:  
 
(i)    if a Bond Event Determination Date, but no Exceptional Event Date, has occurred, the day selected by the Calculation Agent of 
the Reference Transaction falling in the period from and including the Bond Event Determination Date to and including the Bond 
Final Value Determination Date but no later than the date falling 1 Business Day prior to the Expiration Date. 
 
(ii)    if an Exceptional Event Date has occurred, the first Business Day after such date on which the Calculation Agent of the 
Reference Transaction is able, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to determine the Reference Transaction Price provided 
that in such circumstances a Bond Event Determination Date may not occur after the Last Exceptional Event Occurrence Date. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Bond Event Determination Date occurs after an Exceptional Event Date, the Reference 
Transaction Price Determination Date shall not be affected by such occurrence and will remain the date determined in accordance 
with this sub-paragraph (ii). An Exceptional Event Date may not occur after a Bond Event Determination Date. 
 
Reference Transaction Price Determination Method means the method applied by the Calculation Agent of the Reference 
Transaction to determine the amount which would be payable in accordance with the provisions of section 6(e)(ii)(1) of the ISDA 
Master (as defined in the definition “Reference Agreement” above) relating to the Reference Transaction, whereby: 
 
- the Reference Transaction was a “Terminated Transaction” with respect to the occurrence of an “Additional Termination Event”; 
 
- the “Early Termination Date” under the Reference Transaction is the Reference Transaction Price Determination Date; 
 
- the Reference Transaction is the sole “Affected Transaction”; 
 
- the hypothetical counterparty is the sole “Affected Party” under the Reference Transaction; and

--- Page 557 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
557 
- Societe Generale is the Non-affected Party under the Reference Transaction and, accordingly, is the Determining Party for the 
purposes of calculating the Close-out Amount (as defined above) in accordance with section 6(e)(ii)(1) of the ISDA Master relating 
to the Reference Transaction. 
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this definition shall have the meaning given to them in the Reference Transaction unless 
defined elsewhere in the applicable Final Terms. 
  
Reference Portfolio means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, a portfolio comprising all the Bonds. 
 
Reference Portfolio Notional Amount means, the amount of the Reference Portfolio specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reference Price means, in respect of Basket Bond Linked Warrants, 100% or the percentage specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Relevant Proportion means, the proportion which one Warrant bears to the total number of Warrants outstanding. 
 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means as defined in Condition 6.8.3 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants. 
 
Residual Quotation Amount means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, an amount equal to the difference between the 
Quotation Amount (such Quotation Amount being subject for the purposes of this definition to a deemed cap of the Bond Notional 
Amount) and the aggregate amount of the firm bid quotations obtained on the Second Quotation Day. 
 
Second Quotation Day means, the Business Day following the First Quotation Day. 
 
Settlement Date for the purposes of these Additional Terms and Conditions only means up to six Payment Business Days following 
the Expiration Date or such other date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Settlement Type means, American Settlement or European Settlement as specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
 
Single Bond Linked Warrant means, a Bond Linked Warrant indexed on one Bond for which the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Type of Bond Linked Warrants" is "Single Bond Linked Warrants". 
 
SME Growth Market means a multilateral trading facility that is registered as an SME growth market in accordance with Article 33 of 
MiFID II. 
 
Sovereign means, any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other 
authority (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
 
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the applicable Final Terms (or if a number is not specified, two). 
 
Subordination means, with respect to a Bond (the Subordinated Obligation) and another obligation of the Bond Issuer to which 
such Bond is being compared (the Senior Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the Bond Issuer, claims of the holders of the Senior Obligation are required to 
be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Subordinated Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Subordinated Obligation will not 
be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Bond Issuer at any time that the Bond Issuer is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the Senior Obligation. Subordinated will be construed accordingly. For purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is 
being compared (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit 
enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising 
by operation of law shall be taken into account where the Bond Issuer is a Sovereign and (y) the ranking in priority of payments shall 
be determined as of the date as of which the Bond was issued and shall not reflect any change to such ranking in priority of payment 
after such date. 
 
succeed means, for the purposes of determining a Successor, with respect to a Bond Issuer and its related obligations with respect 
to a Bond, that a party other than such Bond Issuer assumes or becomes liable for such obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including with respect to a Bond Issuer that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, 
concord, entente, pact or other agreement) and such Bond Issuer is no longer an obligor (primarily or secondarily) or guarantor with 
respect to such obligations.  
 
Succession Event means:  
 
(a)    with respect to a Bond Issuer that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets 
or liabilities, demerger, spin-off or other similar event in which one entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, whether by 
operation of law or pursuant to any agreement; or 
 
(b)    with respect to a Bond Issuer that is a Sovereign, an event such as annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, 
consolidation, reconstitution or other event that results in any direct or indirect successor(s) to such Bond Issuer.   
 
Succession Event Information means, information about the occurrence of a Succession Event that occurred on or after the issue 
date of the Bond with a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination of (a) the Succession Event or the

--- Page 558 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
558 
change of name of the Bond Issuer that has occurred and (b) the identity of any Successor or, as applicable, the name of the Bond 
Issuer. Such Succession Event Information may be requested at any time by the Warrantholders at the office of the Calculation Agent, 
and will be notified as part of a Bond Event Notice (if any) by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Warrantholders. 
 
Successor means, with respect to a Bond, the entity who succeeds to the obligations of the Bond Issuer as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event on the basis of Publicly 
Available Information.  
 
With respect to a Sovereign Bond Issuer, Successor means, each entity which becomes a direct or indirect successor to such Bond 
Issuer by way of a Succession Event, irrespective of whether any such successor assumes any of the obligations of such Bond Issuer. 
 
Third Quotation Day means, the Business Day following the Second Quotation Day. 
 
Unsettled Bond Event means, with respect to a Bond, that a Bond Event Determination Date has occurred prior to the Expiration 
Date but the corresponding Bond Final Valuation Notice Receipt Date has not occurred on or immediately prior to the fourth Business 
Day preceding the Expiration Date. 
 
(a) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "American Settlement":  
 
In respect of both Single Bond Linked Warrants and Basket Bond Linked Warrants, in the case of an Unsettled Bond Event, the Bond 
Event Date may occur after the Scheduled Expiration Date and in such a case the Expiration Date of the Warrants will be the Bond 
Event Date.     
 
(b) If the applicable Final Terms specify that the clause "Settlement Type" is "European Settlement":  
 
In respect of Single Bond Linked Warrants, in the case of an Unsettled Bond Event, the Bond Event Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Expiration Date and in such a case the Expiration Date of the Warrants will be the Bond Event Date.    
 
Valuation Hedging Cost means, in relation to a Bond, the direct and duly documented cost (expressed in the Settlement Currency 
of the Warrants using the Relevant Spot Exchange Rate on the relevant calculation date(s) as determined by the Calculation Agent), 
if any, borne by the Issuer, the Issuer's hedging counterparty, the Calculation Agent or an agent on their behalf in relation to the 
determination of the Bond Final Price, expressed as a percentage of the Bond Notional Amount.  
 
Weighted Average Quotation means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the weighted average of firm bid quotations obtained 
from the Quotation Dealers, to the extent reasonably practicable, each for an amount as large a size as available, that in aggregate 
are equal to or greater than the Quotation Amount.  PROVIDED THAT if the aggregate of such quotations is greater than the Quotation 
Amount, the Calculation Agent shall reduce pro rata the notional amount of each firm bid quotation so that the aggregate of the firm 
bid quotations shall be equal to the Quotation Amount. 
 
3.    DEFINITIONS IN RELATION TO THE BOND ISSUER ISDA EVENT 
  
Affiliate means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly 
or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For this purpose, control of any 
entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person concerned. 
 
Bankruptcy means a Bond Issuer: 
 
(A) is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
 
(B) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative proceeding or 
filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
 
(C) makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, or such a 
general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
 
(D) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other similar relief under 
any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, 
in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding up or liquidation or (ii) is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
 
(E) has a resolution passed for its winding up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
 
(F) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
 
(G) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; 
or

--- Page 559 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
559 
 
(H) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to 
any of the events specified in paragraphs (A) to (G) (inclusive) of this definition of Bankruptcy. 
 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note 
(other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of 
Borrowed Money. 
 
Bond Issuer has the meaning given to it in Condition 1  above. 
 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for which there are no 
outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit). 
 
Buyer means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation. 
 
Confirmation means, with respect to a Credit Derivative Transaction, one or more documents and other confirming evidence 
exchanged between the parties or otherwise effective, which taken together, confirm or evidence all of the terms of that Credit 
Derivative Transaction. 
 
Credit Derivative Transaction means any transaction that is identified in the related Confirmation as a Credit Derivative Transaction 
or any transaction that incorporates the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions.  
 
Credit Event means, with respect to a Credit Derivative Transaction, one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention as specified in the related 
Confirmation. 
 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such 
occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
 
(A) any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Bond Issuer to enter into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying 
Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
 
(B) any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any Obligation or, as applicable, any 
Underlying Obligation, however described; 
 
(C) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or any change in, the 
interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
 
(D) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any 
monetary or other authority, however described. 
 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established by ISDA pursuant to the DC Rules for purposes 
of reaching certain DC Resolutions (including, but not limited to, the determination of the occurrence of a Credit Event) in connection 
with “Credit Derivative Transactions” as more fully described in the DC Rules. 
 
DC Resolution has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules.  
 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by ISDA on its website at http://www.isda.org 
(or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof.   
 
DC Secretary has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
 
Default Requirement means USD 10,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the Confirmation for the applicable Credit Derivative 
Transaction (or in each case its equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event). 
 
Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. 
 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or 
sell, as appropriate, in order to convey all right, title and interest to the Seller as more fully described in the Definitions.  
Delivery and Delivered  will be construed accordingly.  
 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity, whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, 
more than 50%. owned, directly or indirectly, by the Bond Issuer. 
 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations 
at the time of such failure.

--- Page 560 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
560 
 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the Bond Issuer in respect of some 
or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference 
to a formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant 
to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs). 
 
Governmental Authority means: 
 
(i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
 
(ii) any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational body;  
 
(iii) any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged with the regulation or 
supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the Bond Issuer or some or all of its obligations; or  
 
(iv) any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above. 
 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made, 
by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or 
regulation), in each case, applicable to the Bond Issuer in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
 
(i) any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
 
(A) a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of 
redenomination); 
 
(B) a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
 
(C) a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest or (ii) the payment of principal 
or premium; or 
 
(D) a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation; 
 
(ii) an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the Obligation; 
 
(iii) a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
 
(iv) any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (iii) of this definition. 
 
For purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the Bond Issuer is 
acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
 
Grace Period means: 
 
(A) subject to paragraphs (B) and (C) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments under and in accordance with the 
terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
 
(B) if Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior 
to the Scheduled Termination Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled 
Termination Date, the Grace Period will be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and  the period specified as such in the 
related Confirmation, or if no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and 
 
(C) if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to payments or a grace period with 
respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; provided that; unless Grace Period Extension is 
specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Termination 
Date. 
 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle 
payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant Obligation and if a place or places are not 
so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation 
Currency. 
 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in the related Confirmation and (b) a 
Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, the date that is the number of days in the Grace Period

--- Page 561 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
561 
after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay.  If Grace Period Extension is not specified as applicable in the related Confirmation, 
Grace Period Extension shall not apply to the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction.  
 
Guarantee means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money category that is documented by a term loan agreement, 
revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money. 
 
Multiple Holder Obligation means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is 
held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to 
consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to 
satisfy the requirement in this subparagraph (ii) of this definition of Multiple Holder Obligation. 
 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Notifying Party to the other party that cites Publicly 
Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in 
the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in 
reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is applicable to a Credit 
Derivative Transaction and the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly 
Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information. 
 
Notifying Party means  “Buyer or Seller” unless otherwise specified in the related Confirmation.  
 
Obligation means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) of the Bond Issuer (either directly or as provider 
of a Relevant Guarantee) for the payment or repayment of money (including, without limitation, Borrowed Money), including for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Reference Obligation. 
 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have 
become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence 
of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, 
in respect of the Bond Issuer under one or more Obligations. 
 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement have become 
capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis 
of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make 
any required payment, in respect of the Bond Issuer under one or more Obligations. 
 
Payment Requirement means USD 1,000,000 or the amount specified as such in the Confirmation for the applicable Credit Derivative 
Transaction (or in each case, its equivalent in the Obligation Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential 
Failure to Pay, as applicable). 
 
Permitted Transfer  means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any single transferee of 
such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same 
terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Bond Issuer to the same single 
transferee. 
 
Potential Failure to Pay  means the failure by the Bond Issuer to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the 
time of such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations. 
 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph (i)(a) of the definition of 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
 
Qualifying Guarantee means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a statute or regulation), pursuant 
to which the Bond Issuer irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except 
for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the Underlying 
Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is 
equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law).  
 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
 
(i) which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or legal arrangement which is equivalent 
thereto in form); or

--- Page 562 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
562 
(ii) pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Bond Issuer can be discharged, released, 
reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case 
other than: 
 
(a) by payment; 
 
(b) by way of Permitted Transfer; 
 
(c) by operation of law; 
 
(d) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
 
(e) due to: 
 
(A) provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable 
in the related Confirmation; or 
 
(B) any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the related 
Confirmation.  
 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, assignment or other 
alteration of the principal payment obligations of the Bond Issuer and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the 
time of the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the 
occurrence of (I) a non-payment in respect of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the 
definition of Bankruptcy in respect of the Bond Issuer or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such 
cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
 
(i) the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
 
(ii) if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being 
Delivered together with the Delivery of such guarantee. 
 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Bond Issuer in respect of an Underlying Obligation of 
a Downstream Affiliate of the Bond Issuer. 
 
Reference Obligation means each obligation specified as such or of a type described in the related Confirmation. 
 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as applicable in the related 
Confirmation, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: (i) an authorised officer of the Bond Issuer or a 
Governmental Authority (a) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (b) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll 
over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement and (ii) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined 
without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date. 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or prior to the date that is 
fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Termination Date, (i) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
and (B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration 
date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; 
provided that, in either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Termination Date 
unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied.  
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition means a condition that is satisfied:  
 
(A) if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to the 
Scheduled Expiration Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the Bond Issuer and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date, or  
 
(B) otherwise, by the delivery by the Notifying Party to the other party of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and unless Notice 
of Publicly Available Information is specified as "Not Applicable" in the related Confirmation, a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
that are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Termination Date.

--- Page 563 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
563 
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not capable of being 
satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit 
Derivative Transaction with respect to an Obligation of the Bond Issuer or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium for purposes of the relevant Credit Derivative Transaction has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
Bond Issuer but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Termination Date. 
 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Notifying Party to the other party that describes a 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the 
subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice is effective.  
 
Resolve has the meaning given to it in the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” shall be construed accordingly. 
 
Restructuring means that: 
 
(A) with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one 
or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the Bond Issuer or a 
Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or 
otherwise decreed) by the Bond Issuer or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation (including, in 
each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange) and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such 
Obligation in effect as of the later of the credit event backstop date in accordance with the Definitions and the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred: 
 
(1)    a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals (including by way of 
redenomination); 
 
(2)    a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of redenomination); 
 
(3)    a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (a) the payment or accrual of interest, or (b) the payment of principal 
or premium; 
 
(4)    a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such Obligation to any other 
Obligation; or 
 
(5)    any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other than the lawful currency of 
Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any 
of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in 
whole).  
 
(B) Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (A) above, none of the following will constitute a Restructuring: 
 
(1)    the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated in a currency of a Member State 
of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
 
(2)    the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (i) the redenomination occurs as a result of action taken by a 
Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (ii) a freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the 
time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined 
by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
 
(3)    the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above, due to 
an administrative adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course 
of business; and 
 
(4)    the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above in 
circumstances where such event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition 
of the Bond Issuer, provided that in respect of paragraph (A)(5) above only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Bond Issuer is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action 
taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority. 
 
(C) For the purposes of paragraphs (A) and (B) above and Multiple Holder Obligation, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the Bond Issuer is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (A) above shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference 
to the Bond Issuer in paragraph (B) above shall continue to refer to the Bond Issuer.

--- Page 564 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
564 
(D) If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above 
has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting 
obligations immediately following such exchange. 
 
(E) Unless Multiple Holder Obligation is specified as not applicable in the related Confirmation, then, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary above, the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs (A)(1) to (A)(5) above 
shall not be a Restructuring unless the Obligation in respect of any such events is a Multiple Holder Obligation. 
 
Seller means the party specified as such in the related Confirmation. 
 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second Obligation) and another obligation of the Bond Issuer to which 
such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (i) upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding-up of the Bond Issuer , claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required to 
be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation or (ii) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled 
to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the Bond Issuer at any time that the Bond Issuer is in payment arrears 
or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation, as more fully described in the Definitions.   
 
Scheduled Expiration Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Scheduled Termination Date means the date specified as such in the related Confirmation. 
 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the Bond Issuer’s payment obligations thereunder to 
be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to 
constitute capital resources of a particular tier.  
 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject of the guarantee. 
 
Underlying Obligor means with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the borrower in the case of a 
Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or similar governing body of 
an entity. 
 
4. MARKET TRIGGER EVENT 
 
4.1 Market Trigger Event Determination Date 
 
If a Market Trigger Event Determination Date has occurred, the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the remaining outstanding 
Warrants early at their Market Trigger Event Settlement Amount upon giving notice in accordance with this Condition 4 and Condition 
13 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Market Trigger Event means that the Calculation Agent has determined that the secondary mid price of the Warrants (expressed as 
a percentage of the Notional Amount) and published on the source specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Market Trigger Event 
Source) has fallen below a percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Market Trigger Event Percentage) and is 
continuing for a period of five (or such other number of days as specified in the applicable Final Terms) consecutive Business Days 
(as defined in Condition 2 of the “Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants”). 
 
Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value means the bond value (expressed as a percentage) determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value Determination Date using the same methodology as the one used for the 
determination of the Bond Final Value (with Floating Recovery) in the “Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants”, 
for the avoidance of doubt provided that Bond Event Determination Date is deemed replaced by Market Trigger Event Determination 
Date. 
 
Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value Determination Date means the day on or prior to the Market Trigger Event Valuation 
Notice Delivery Date, on which the Calculation Agent determines the Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value. 
 
Market Trigger Event Determination Date means the day on which a Market Trigger Event Notice is delivered by or on behalf of 
the Issuer to the relevant Clearing System for the information of the Warrantholders. A Market Trigger Event Determination Date may 
not occur after the occurrence of a Bond Event Determination Date. 
 
Market Trigger Event Notice means an irrevocable notice delivered on the Market Trigger Event Determination Date by or on behalf 
of the Issuer to the relevant Clearing System(s) for the information of the Warrantholders that specifies that a Market Trigger Event 
has occurred. 
 
Market Trigger Event Payment Date means the day that is four Payment Business Days following the Market Trigger Event Valuation 
Notice Delivery Date. 
 
Market Trigger Event Settlement Amount means Specified Denomination x Max(Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value – Market 
Trigger Event Reference Transaction Price ; 0).

--- Page 565 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants 
 
 
565 
Market Trigger Event Reference Transaction Price means the price determined on the Market Trigger Event Reference Transaction 
Price Determination Date (expressed as a percentage of the Reference Transaction Notional Amount of the Reference Transaction) 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Reference Transaction Price Determination Method, which 
corresponds to the termination value of the Reference Transaction. 
 
Market Trigger Event Reference Transaction Price Determination Date means the Market Trigger Event Bond Market Value 
Determination Date, unless the Calculation Agent is not able to determine the Market Trigger Event Reference Transaction Price on 
such date in which case the Market Trigger Event Reference Transaction Price Determination Date shall be the first day on or prior 
to the Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice Delivery Date on which the Calculation Agent is able to determine the Market Trigger 
Event Reference Transaction Price. 
 
Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice means the notice delivered on the Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice Delivery Date, 
specifying the Market Trigger Event Settlement Amount and the Market Trigger Event Payment Date. 
 
Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice Delivery Date means the day (such day being expected to be no later than the 10th Business 
Day (as defined in Condition 2 of the “Additional Terms and Conditions for Bond Linked Warrants”) following the Market Trigger Event 
Determination Date) on which the Calculation Agent delivers the Market Trigger Event Valuation Notice on behalf of the Issuer to the 
relevant Clearing System(s), for the information of the Warrantholders. 
 
Reference Transaction Notional Amount means a notional amount equal to the outstanding aggregate Notional Amount of the 
Warrants.

--- Page 566 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for  ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
 
566 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETP LINKED WARRANTS AND FOR ETF LINKED WARRANTS 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Warrants and ETP Linked Warrants apply if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the clause   "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "ETF Linked Warrants" or "ETP Linked 
Warrants".  
 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for ETF Linked Warrants and ETP Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these 
Additional Terms and Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and 
Conditions for ETF Linked Warrants and ETP Linked Warrants unless otherwise specified herein. 
 
For the purpose of the Additional Terms and Conditions for ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants the following terms in 
Condition 6.8.3 of the General Terms and Conditions shall be amended as follows: 
 
- Hedge Positions as used in Condition 6.8.3 of the General Terms and Conditions means Hypothetical Hedge Positions; 
- Optional Hedge Positions as used in Condition 6.8.3 of the General Terms and Conditions means Optional Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions. 
 
1.  DEFINITIONS  
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and an ETP or an ETF, each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day) unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below; 
 
Basket means a basket composed of ETPs or ETFs (each an Underlying) in the relevant proportions or numbers of ETP or ETF 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
Closing Price means in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the official closing price of such ETF on the relevant Exchange, as adjusted (if 
applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below. 
 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an ETP or of an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETP or a Basket of ETF, in respect of any 
ETP or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) a relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or (b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
 
ETF means the exchange traded fund (or the exchange traded funds in case of a Basket) specified as Underlying in the applicable 
Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
 
ETF Documents means, in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents and other agreements of the ETF 
specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF. 
 
ETF Service Provider means, in respect of any ETF, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that 
ETF, whether or not specified in the ETF Documents, including any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person 
appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary 
investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such ETF (the ETF Adviser), 
trustee or similar person with the primary administrative responsibilities for such ETF, operator, management company, depository, 
custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary agent. 
 
ETF Unit or Unit means, in respect of any ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
 
ETP means the exchange-traded product (with the exclusion of ETFs) (or the exchange-traded products in case of a Basket) specified 
as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below; 
 
ETP Documents means, in respect of any ETP, the constitutive and governing documents and other agreements of the ETP 
specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETP; 
 
ETP Issuer means the legal entity which issued the ETP; 
 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the corresponding exchange or quotation system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the 
ETP or the ETF has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such ETP or ETF, on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of the ETP or the ETF, (or, in the case of a Basket of ETP or Basket of ETF, in respect 
of any ETP or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange 
and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
 
Full Liquidation Date means, in respect of the Settlement Date, , the date on which the liquidation proceeds of the Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions (including inter alia by satisfying any obligations or liabilities in place with respect to or part of such Hypothetical

--- Page 567 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for  ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
 
567 
Hedge Positions, if any, with the liquidation proceeds of the assets of such Hypothetical Hedge Positions) are deemed, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, to be fully received by the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by a Hypothetical Investor, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in ETPs or in the ETF, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, 
(b) securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) cash deposits or cash borrowings and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described, in order to hedge individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Warrants linked to or indexed to the relevant ETP or to the relevant ETF, as the case may be, due on the Settlement Date apportioned 
pro rata to each outstanding Warrant provided that, if the Full Liquidation Date and/or the Optional Full Liquidation Date has not 
occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Settlement Date, then Hypothetical Hedge Positions will include the 
Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, 
 
provided further that: 
 
- all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this definition of "Hypothetical Hedge Positions", Clearing System means the clearing system through which the 
Warrants are cleared and settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Hypothetical Investor means, with respect to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions, a hypothetical investor in such Hypothetical Hedge 
Positions (including the ETPs or the ETF Units), located in France (which for the avoidance of doubt may be Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates), and deemed, in respect of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions constituted by the ETPs or by the ETF, to have (a) the 
benefits and obligations, as provided under the ETP Documents or under the ETF Documents, as the case may be, of an investor 
holding ETPs or the ETFs; (b) in the case of any deemed redemption of such ETP or of such ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order 
requesting redemption of ETPs or of the ETF, as the case may be; and (c) in the case of any deemed investment in such ETP (when 
such ETPs are open-ended) or in such ETF, to have submitted a Valid Order requesting subscription of ETPs or of the ETF, as the 
case may be; 
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the price of such ETP or such ETF on the relevant Exchange at any time 
during a trading session on an Exchange Business Day, including the Closing Price; 
 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an 
Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one hour period that 
ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (c) an Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
   
  A. Trading Disruption means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the ETP or to the ETF on the Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts 
relating to the ETP or to the ETF on any relevant Related Exchange; 
 
  B. Exchange Disruption means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for (a) the ETP or the ETF on the Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the ETP or to the ETF on any relevant 
Related Exchange; 
 
  C. Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of in the case of an ETP or an ETF, the relevant Exchange or 
any Related Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on 
such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for 
orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day. 
 
Maturity Disruption Event, means, in respect of ETP only, that   a Full Liquidation Date and/or an Optional Full Liquidation Date has 
not occurred on or before the fourth Business Day preceding the Expiration Date; 
 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating to such ETP or ETF, 
any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or substitute quotation system to which trading in futures or 
options contracts relating to an ETP or to an ETF, has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such ETP or such ETF, on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange); 
 
Relevant Spot Exchange Rate means, in respect of ETP only, in respect of a date and an amount to be converted into the Settlement 
Currency, the rate of exchange of the currency in which such amount is denominated into the Settlement Currency used to convert 
such amount on such date into the Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours;

--- Page 568 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for  ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
 
568 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF (or, in the case of a Basket of ETPs or Basket of ETFs, in respect 
of any ETP or ETF comprising the Basket and observed separately), any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, 
if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session; 
 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the ETP Issuer or the ETP advisor or agent (in the 
case of ETPs) or to the ETF or the ETF Service Provider (in the case of ETFs) that generally accepts such order, in accordance with 
the subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the ETP Documents or in the ETF Documents, 
as the case may be; 
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for such ETP or for such ETF, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted 
Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below ; 
 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETP or an ETF, the Scheduled Closing Time provided however that if the Exchange closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time of the Exchange. 
 
2. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS  
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively), is a Disrupted Day for an ETP or for an ETF, the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such ETP 
or for such ETF shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that ETP or that ETF, 
unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging 
Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
   A. that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for the ETP or the ETF 
notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and 
 
   B. the Calculation Agent shall determine in good faith, its estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF as of the Valuation Time 
on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that ETP or that ETF last in effect 
prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the ETP or in the ETF (or if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred 
in respect of the relevant security on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value of the relevant security 
as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day) and the good faith estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
 
Provided that if the ETP or the ETF is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the ETP or the ETF affected by 
the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each ETP or ETF not affected by a Disrupted 
Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
 
provided however that: 
 
     (a) if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to 
the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor 
another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall 
make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith estimate of the value of the ETP or of the ETF so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
 
     
(b) notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment 
to be made under the Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date 
or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall less than the earlier of (i) the 
Expiration Date and (ii) after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the basis of 
determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) that fourth Business 
Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations 
described in (B) above at the latest as of the Valuation Time on the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) such fourth Business Day 
and the good faith estimate of the value of the ETP or the ETF so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price, provided however 
that, all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System.  
 
 
 
provided however that: 
 
    - all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System.

--- Page 569 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for  ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
 
569 
For the purposes of this Condition 2, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Warrants are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3. POTENTIAL ADJUSTMENT EVENTS - EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES - MONETISATION UNTIL THE   
EXPIRATION DATE – DISRUPTED EVENTS – SETTLEMENT DISRUPTION EVENTS 
 
3.1 Potential Adjustment Events 
 
In the case of the occurrence at any time on or after the Issue Date of any event affecting an ETP Issuer or the value of the relevant 
ETP or affecting an ETF including, without limitation: 
 
  A. a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of ETPs or of ETF Units, or a free distribution (or dividend 
in the case of ETF Units) of any such ETPs or ETF Units to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalization or similar issue; 
 
  B. a distribution or issue (or dividend in the case of ETF Units) to existing holders of the relevant ETPs or ETF Units of (a) an 
additional quantity of such ETP or such ETF Units, or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of distributions 
and/or dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such ETPs or of such ETF Units, or (c) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the ETP Issuer or by the ETF as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, 
rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
  C. an extraordinary income distribution in case of ETP or dividend in case of ETF; 
 
  D. a repurchase by the ETP Issuer of relevant ETPs or a repurchase by the ETF of relevant ETF Units whether the consideration for 
such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of (i) ETPs initiated by an investor in such 
ETPs that is consistent with the ETP Documents or of (ii) ETF Units initiated by an investor in such ETF Units that is consistent with 
the ETF Documents; or 
 
  E. any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETPs or quantity of ETPs 
or of the relevant ETFs or quantity of ETF Units; 
 
the Calculation Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Warrants. 
 
3.2 Extraordinary Events and consequences 
 
Upon the occurrence or likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events (each an 
Extraordinary Event) on or after the Issue Date: 
 
 
A.   Change in Law means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, without 
limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change 
in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines in good faith that (x) it has become illegal for a 
Hypothetical Investor to hold, acquire or dispose of the Hypothetical Hedge Positions or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions 
(including the relevant ETPs or the relevant ETF Units), 
 
or, in each case, it has become illegal to maintain the agreement entered into by Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates with the 
ETP Issuer or the ETF or an ETP advisor mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below or an ETF Service Provider 
mentioned in "Breach or Termination of Agreement" in (B) below, or (y) Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under such Warrants or the agreement entered into by Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates or the Issuer with the ETP Issuer or the ETF or the ETP advisor or an ETF Service Provider mentioned in "Breach or 
Termination of Agreement" in (B) below (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or 
other adverse effect on its tax position); 
 
  B.   Breach or Termination of Agreement means:   
any failure by the ETP Issuer or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider, in both cases as the case may be, to 
comply with or perform any agreement entered into by the ETP or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider with 
Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, defining the terms and conditions at which Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates 
may make subscriptions and/or redemptions in the ETPs or in the ETF Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions 
and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the ETP Documents or pursuant to the ETF Documents, as relevant), including as 
the case may be the rebates of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, the termination of such 
agreement by the ETP Issuer or an ETP advisor or by the ETF or an ETF Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of Societe 
Generale or its affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the ETP Issuer or the ETP advisor 
or the ETF or the ETF Service Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such 
agreement;

--- Page 570 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for  ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
 
570 
   C.   (x) In respect of an ETP Linked Warrant, Closure of the ETP Issuer means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the ETP 
Issuer for any reason other than those mentioned in (F) or (K) below and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Warrant, Closure of the 
ETF means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the ETF for any reason other than those mentioned in (F) or (K) below;  
 
   D.   (x) in respect of an ETP Linked Warrants, ETP advisor assets Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over 
a period of twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by the ETP advisor (including the ETP Issuer) has decreased by 50 
per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value of such assets) and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Warrants, ETF Adviser 
Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of twelve months, the total value of the assets managed by 
the ETF Adviser (including the ETF) has decreased by 50 per cent.(either due to redemptions or decrease in value of such assets); 
 
   E.  (x) in respect of an ETP Linked Warrant, ETP Hedging Disruption means that a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is impractical 
for a Hypothetical Investor, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions   or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions    or Optional Hypothetical Hedge Positions, without limitation, where such inability 
or impracticability has arisen by reason of (i) the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions or subscriptions that the ETP 
Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of accepting the redemption or subscriptions orders) will accept in relation to 
a single date on which the ETP Issuer normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (ii) the suspension for any reason of the 
subscription or redemption orders by the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of accepting the subscription 
and redemption orders), or (iii) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the 
financial statements of the ETP Issuer have been reviewed by the ETP Issuer’s statutory auditors (holdback), or increase in charges 
or fees imposed by the relevant ETP Issuer or (iv) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such ETP imposed by the relevant 
ETP Issuer, in each case whether these events are imposed by the ETP Issuer without being envisaged in the ETP Documents on 
the Issue Date of the Warrants or are already envisaged by the ETP Documents on the Issue Date of the Warrants and are solely 
implemented by the ETP Issuer after such date and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Warrant, "ETF Hedging Disruption" means that 
a Hypothetical Investor is unable or it is impractical for a Hypothetical Investor, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions   or Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions   or Optional Hypothetical 
Hedge Positions, in each case whether these events are imposed by the ETF without being envisaged in the ETF Documents on the 
Issue Date or are already envisaged by the ETF Documents on the Issue Date and are solely implemented by the ETF after such 
date; 
 
   F.   in respect of any ETP, provided that this event is applicable to the ETP Issuer only, an ETP Issuer Insolvency Event and in 
respect of any ETF, an ETF Insolvency Event, in both cases, means that in respect of any ETP, that the related ETP Issuer or in 
respect of the related ETF that such ETF or such ETF, as the case may be: (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for its 
dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general 
assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor 
or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organization or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-
up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or 
entity not described in clause (i) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; or (f) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any 
of the events specified in clauses (a) through (f) above; provided that in the case of an ETP Linked Warrant, this event is applicable 
to the ETP Issuer only. 
 
   G.   (x) in respect of an ETP Linked Warrant, ETP Issuer Modification means any change or modification of the related ETP 
Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Warrants, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such ETP or the 
rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited to an open-ended ETP that becomes a closed-end ETP), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Warrant, ETF Modification means any change or 
modification of the related ETF Documents prevailing on the Issue Date of the Warrants, that could reasonably be expected to affect 
the value of such ETF or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
 
   H.   (x) in respect of an ETP Linked Warrant, ETP advisor Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of 
any ETP advisor, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any ETP advisor, (c) any of the ETP advisor is subject to an ETP advisor 
Insolvency Event, where "ETP advisor Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as ETP Issuer Insolvency Event described in (F) 
above, except that ETP Issuer is replaced by ETP advisor or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the ETP 
advisors is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the 
resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management of the ETP Issuer has occurred 
and (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Warrants, ETF Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or 
replacement of any ETF Service Provider, (b) a change of control or indirect control of any ETF Service Provider, (c) any of the ETF 
Service Provider is subject to an ETF Service Provider Insolvency Event, where "ETF Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the 
same meaning as ETF Insolvency Event described in (F) above, except that ETF is replaced by ETF Service Provider or (d) in the

--- Page 571 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for  ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
 
571 
reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, any of the ETF Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with 
the standard of care which was prevailing on the Issue Date or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person 
deemed to be key in the management of the ETF has occurred; 
 
   I.   Holding Ratio means the reduction of the ETP’s aggregate value or the reduction of the ETF’s aggregate net asset value under 
an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management 
conditions of the ETP or the ETF, as the case may be, and/or its operating expenses or would increase the proportion of ETPs or 
ETF Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Investor, or any funds managed by Societe Generale and/or any of its affiliates, 
to such extent that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the ETPs or of the ETF Units held by a Hypothetical Investor or 
funds managed by the same, is likely to be impaired; 
 
   J.   Increased Cost of Hedging means that a Hypothetical Investor would incur a materially increased (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Issue Date of the Warrants) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) 
to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any Hypothetical Hedge Positions     or Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions or (b) realize, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Hypothetical Hedge Positions     or Optional 
Hypothetical Hedge Positions, provided that, assuming the Hypothetical Investor is Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
 
   K.   Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up 
of or any analogous proceeding affecting an ETP Issuer or an ETF, (a) all the ETPs of that ETP Issuer or all the ETF Units of that 
ETF, as the case may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the ETPs of 
that ETP Issuer or holders of the ETF Units of that ETF become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
 
   L.   in respect of ETP only, Liquidity Modification means that the ETP Issuer modifies the terms and conditions at which 
subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the ETP Issuer as provided in the ETP Documents as of the 
Issue Date of the Warrants or implements a modification of the conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be 
submitted or are settled by the ETP Issuer regardless as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the 
ETP Documents as of the Issue Date of the Warrants; 
 
   M.   Merger Event means the conversion of the ETP into another class of ETPs or securities or the conversion of the ETF Units 
into another class of funds units or securities, or the split of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF, its consolidation or its merger with, or its 
sale or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
 
   N.   in respect of ETF only, Nationalization means that all the ETF Units or all or substantially all the assets of an ETF are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof; 
 
   O.   Regulatory Action means, with respect to any ETP or any ETF, (a) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration 
or approval of such ETP or the related ETP Issuer or of such ETF by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over 
such ETP or ETP Issuer or over such ETF Units or ETF Service Provider, as the case may be, (b) any change in the legal, tax, 
accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant ETP Issuer or its ETP advisor or of the relevant ETF or its ETF Service Provider 
that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETP or of such ETF or on any investor therein (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent), or (c) the related ETP Issuer or any of its ETP advisor or such ETF or any of its ETF Service Provider, 
becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving 
the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such ETP Issuer or ETP advisor 
or of such ETP or ETF Service Provider; 
 
   P.   Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any ETP or any ETF, any failure of the related ETP Issuer or of such ETF to deliver, 
or cause to be delivered, (a) information that such ETP Issuer or such ETF has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a 
Hypothetical Investor or (b) information that has been previously delivered to a Hypothetical Investor in accordance with such ETP 
Issuer or with such ETF, or its authorised representative’s, normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor 
such ETP Issuer’s compliance or such ETF’s compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies or any other 
similar policies relating to such ETPs or relating to such ETF, as the case may be; 
 
   Q.   Strategy Breach means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related ETP 
Documents or in the related ETF Documents, that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the ETPs or of the ETF or the rights or 
remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, of the risk profile of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date of the 
Warrants by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction of diversification, of the type of assets in 
which the ETP Issuer or the ETF invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the ETP Issuer or of the ETF; 
 
   R.   In respect of an ETF only, Delisting Event means that such ETF (a) ceases to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
relevant Exchange or listing compartment of the relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and 
is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange 
(or where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) or (b) has its listing, trading or 
public quotation maintained in inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without 
limitation, a lack of liquidity or the disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant ETF); 
 
   S.   Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants ,

--- Page 572 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for  ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
 
572 
 
   T.   FRTB Event means in respect of any Fund Unit that, from 1 January 2023, the related ETF Service Provider or ETP Issuer (a) 
does not make publicly available on a voluntary basis or as the case may be, as required by applicable laws and regulations, the 
FRTB Information and (b) in breach of a bilateral agreement with Societe Generale, if any, does not provide Societe Generale with 
the FRTB Information and as a consequence, Societe Generale or any of its affiliates would incur materially increased (as compared 
with circumstances existing on the issue date of the Warrants) capital requirements pursuant to the Fundamental Review of the trading 
Book as implemented into French law, in holding the ETP or ETF, 
 
      where FRTB Information means sufficient information, including relevant sensitivities, in a processable format to enable Societe 
Generale, as a holder the ETP or ETF, to calculate its market risk in relation thereto as if it were holding directly the assets of the ETF 
fund or ETP Issuer; "processable format" means that the format of such information can be readily used by Societe Generale by using 
the existing functionality of a software or application commonly used by financial institutions to compute its market risk as described 
above, 
 
then the Calculation Agent may: 
 
 
 (1)  (i) consider such Extraordinary Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination 
Event). In this case, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as 
possible after the Early Termination Event, (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination 
Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants or 
(ii), in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early 
Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the General Term and Conditions of the 
Warrants; or  
 
(ii) only in case of Liquidity Modification, (a) consider such event as an Early Termination Event and may decide to pay, in full or in 
part, the Early Termination Settlement Amount by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early Termination 
Settlement Amount in cash; or (b) if Liquidity Modification is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not 
consider such event as an Early Termination Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Settlement Amount by the delivery of the 
ETP in lieu of its obligations to pay the Settlement Amount in cash; 
 
(2) in the case of Merger Event above only, replace the ETP or the ETF Units by the kind and number of units or other securities and 
property receivable on such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance by a holder of ETPs or of ETF Units, as the 
case may be, prior to such conversion, split, consolidation, merger, sale or conveyance for the purposes of determining the value of 
the ETP or of the ETF and make any adjustment (if necessary) to the value of such ETP or of such ETF; or 
 
(3)   apply any of the following methods: 
 
(a)    "Monetisation until the  Expiration Date" as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions), or  
 
(b)    (x) in respect of an ETP Linked Warrant, substitute the ETP affected by the Extraordinary Event (the Affected ETP) with an ETP 
(the New ETP) having an investment strategy and/or an economic payout similar to the investment strategy and/or the economic 
payout of the Affected ETP and adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Warrants; or (y) in respect of an ETF Linked Warrant, Substitution and the Calculation Agent shall (i) identify 
an exchange traded fund (the Substitute ETF) having an investment strategy similar to the investment strategy of the ETF affected 
by the Extraordinary Event (the Affected ETF) and (ii) may adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve the economic 
equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants. 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where an ETP or an ETF is substituted, on any date "t", 
with a New ETP or a Substitute ETF, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid as 
described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" in respect of the New ETP or of the 
Substitute ETF and would mean the closing price of such New ETP on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an 
appropriate linking coefficient so that it is equal to the closing price of the Affected ETP or of the Affected ETF on such date "t". 
 
or only in the case of Increased Cost of Hedging: 
 
   XX.   deduct: 
 
 
 
 
(i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, 
Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) due under the Warrants, as the case may 
be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level 
Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement  Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any Optional Early Settlement Amount, 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount in respect of 
the Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement  Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging, the amount of any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the 
Increased Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Hypothetical Hedge Positions hedging 
the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants 
(such reduction being the Reduction Amount and the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or

--- Page 573 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for  ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
 
573 
 
 (ii)     in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, any Physical Delivery Amount, Event-Linked Early Settlement Price, Early Termination 
Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount which is calculated in connection with the Warrants shall 
be reduced by the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero); or 
 
Or only in case of FRTB Event: 
 
 YY.    Substitute the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF with the Substitute Index (an Index Substitution Event), where Substitute 
Index means an Index determined by the Calculation Agent as being similar to the benchmark of the Affected ETP or the Affected 
ETF, or, in the absence of benchmark for the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF as having an investment strategy similar to the 
investment strategy of the Affected ETP or the Affected ETF. Following the occurrence of the Index Substitution Event, the Warrants 
shall be governed by the Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Linked Warrants for any aspect in relation with the Substitute 
Index. 
 
3.3 Disruption Events relating to any ETP Issuer and/or any ETP 
 
Upon the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events (each a 
Disruption Event) in respect of a Valuation Date (the Disrupted Day) and in respect of an ETP Issuer or ETP: 
 
   A.   Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor 
(including in case of any gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the ETP Documents permitting the ETP Issuer to delay or 
refuse subscription and/or redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the official ETP Value by the ETP 
Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge of calculating such official ETP Value); or 
 
  B.   ETP Settlement Disruption means a failure by the ETP Issuer to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption proceeds on 
the date by which the ETP Issuer was scheduled to have paid such amount and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
makes it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the Closing Price, including without limitation due to (a) 
the restriction on the amount or number of redemptions orders that the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent generally in charge 
of accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which the ETP Issuer normally accepts redemption orders 
(a gate), (b) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the ETP Issuer (or the ETP advisor or agent 
generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption orders); 
 
   C.   ETP Determination Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event (beyond the control of a Hypothetical Investor) other 
than the events mentioned in "Calculation and/or Publication Disruption" in (A) above or "ETP Settlement Disruption" in (B) above 
affecting such ETP which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent 
to determine the Closing Price, 
 
the Valuation Date, in respect of the ETP affected by such Disruption Event, shall be postponed to the immediately following Business 
Day (as specified to be applicable in relation to such Valuation Date in the applicable Final Terms) that is no longer affected by a 
Disruption Event for such affected ETP.  
 
If a Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing on each of the five scheduled Business Days, following the Scheduled Valuation 
Date or if no Business Day, that is not affected by a Disruption Event has occurred at the latest on the thirty-fifth calendar day following 
the Scheduled Valuation Date, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
X.    (i) determine its good faith estimate of the ETP Value which shall be deemed to be the Closing Price in respect of such Valuation 
Date provided that if the Calculation Agent decides to make such determination, the Valuation Date shall occur no later than  (a) the 
earlier of the Expiration Date and (b)  the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the 
basis of such determination (except in respect of Uncertificated Nordic Warrants for which the determination shall be made pursuant 
to the provisions below"); or 
 
(ii) only in case of ETP Settlement Disruption,  
 
 
 (a) consider such event as an Early Termination Event and may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Early Termination Settlement 
Amount by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of its obligations to pay the Early Termination Settlement Amount in cash; or (b) if Liquidity 
Modification or ETP Settlement Disruption is continuing on the last Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent did not consider such 
event as an Early Termination Event may decide to pay, in full or in part, the Settlement Amount by the delivery of the ETP in lieu of 
its obligations to pay the Settlement Amount in cash; or 
 
 Y.   consider such Disruption Event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination 
Event).Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as 
the case may be, as soon as possible after the Early Termination Event, (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to 
the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants or (ii), in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if 
applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the General 
Term and Conditions of the Warrants; or 
 
 Z.  apply one of the following methods:

--- Page 574 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for  ETP Linked Warrants and for ETF Linked Warrants 
 
 
574 
(a)    Monetisation until the   Expiration Date  (as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions), or  
 
(b)    substitute the ETP affected by such Disruption Event with an ETP having an investment strategy and/or an economic payout 
similar to the investment strategy and/or the economic payout of the ETP affected by such Disruption Event (the New ETP) and adjust 
any relevant terms of the Warrants to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than : 
 
-   the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants 
on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed 
as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall less than the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) the fourth 
Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date, then the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) that fourth Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) above at the latest as 
of the Valuation Time on the earlier of (i) the Expiration Date and (ii) such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of the 
value of the ETP so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price,  
 
provided however that:  
 
- all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.3, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Warrants are cleared and 
settled, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3.4 Settlement Disruption Event relating to any ETP Issuer and/or any ETP 
 
Upon the occurrence or the likely occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of a Settlement Disruption Event: 
A.- the Issuer shall consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination 
Event). Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, 
as the case may be, (i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the 
basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants or (ii), in the case of Physical 
Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical 
Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the General Term and Conditions; or 
 
B.     apply "Monetisation until the Expiration Date"  as defined above.

--- Page 575 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Warrants 
 
 
575 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NON EQUITY SECURITY LINKED  WARRANTS 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms 
specify that the clause   "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Non Equity Security Linked Warrants".  
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS  
 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, at any time, Hedge Positions that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a 
Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, would consider necessary to hedge the  Warrants at that time. 
 
Basket means a basket composed of the Non Equity Securities (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Non 
Equity Securities specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Closing Price means: 
 
(a) in respect of a Non Equity Security being a note, a certificate or an over-the-counter derivative product, the fair market value of 
such Non Equity Security, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
 
(b) in respect of a Non Equity Security being an option contract or any other instrument negotiated on an organised market, the official 
settlement price (however described under the rules of the relevant related exchange or its clearing house) of such option contract 
published by the related exchange or its clearing house and adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2.1 below. 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliate, of one or more (a) 
positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligation under the  Warrants or any agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer in 
relation to the Warrants. 
 
Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants.  
 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, 
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant laws or arrangements. 
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Non Equity Security being an option contract or any other instrument negotiated on an organised 
market, the price or level of such Non Equity Security at any time during a trading session published by the related exchange or its 
clearing house, including the Closing Price. 
 
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange is located. 
 
Local Taxes means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including interest and 
penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a 
Hypothetical Investor in connection with any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall 
net income of the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Non Equity Security means a note, a certificate, an over-the-counter derivative product, an option contract or any other instrument 
negotiated on an organised market (or the notes, the certificates, the over-the-counter derivative products, the option contracts or any 
other instrument negotiated on an organised market in case of a Basket), specified as Underlying in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to adjustments pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2.1 below. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organisation of the issuer of any component security. 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence 
of the issuer and in respect of a Non Equity Securities, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of any issuer of a 
component security. 
 
Valuation Date means any date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2. ADJUSTMENTS AND EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS - HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING AND 
CONSEQUENCES - CHANGE IN LAW AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
2.1  Adjustments and Extraordinary Events  
 
In case of the occurrence at any time on or prior to the last Valuation Date of (i) the material or substantial modifications of the 
conditions of any Non Equity Security or (ii) any event or any change affecting any Non Equity Security or (iii) a Holding Limit Event 
in respect of any Non Equity Security or issuance of Non Equity Security, as applicable, (in each case, the Affected Non Equity

--- Page 576 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Non Equity Security Linked Warrants 
 
 
576 
Security) (such as but not limited to definitive interruption of quotation of this Affected Non Equity Security or termination of the 
obligations of the Issuer of this Affected Non Equity Security under the Affected Non Equity Security for any reason, including the 
early redemption of the Affected Non Equity Security) and that (in the case of (i) or (ii)), in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation 
Agent, is likely to have a significant effect on the value of the Affected Non Equity Security, then, the Calculation Agent may: 
 
(1) adjust any terms of the Warrants, it determines appropriate, in order to take into account the economic effect on the Warrants of 
such event; or 
 
(2) substitute the Affected Non Equity Security with a new underlying asset;  
 
 
(3) consider such event as an event triggering the early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event), in which case the 
Calculation Agent shall determine, in good faith, the fair market value of the Warrants and an early termination of the Warrants.Where 
an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay to each Warrantholder, 
as soon as possible after the occurrenceor cause to be paid  (i) in the case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount 
equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and 
Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if 
applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.5 of the General 
Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(4) apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date (as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions). 
 
2.2. Change in law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and consequences  
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Insolvency Filing have the meanings given to them in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging relating to a Non Equity Security 
(the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and Conditions for 
Structured Warrants.

--- Page 577 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants 
 
 
577 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUTURE LINKED WARRANTS 
 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms Terms specify 
that the clause “Type of Structured Warrants”   is stated as being "Future Linked Warrants”. 
 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these Additional Terms and 
Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked 
Warrants unless otherwise specified herein.  
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS  
 
Active Future Contract means the Future specified as such in the applicable Final Terms if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being 
Applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, at any time, Hedge Positions that Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a 
Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, would consider necessary to hedge the Warrants at that time.  
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Future, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day) 
unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below.  
 
Basket means, a basket composed of the Futures (each an Underlying) in the relative proportions or numbers of Futures specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Future Linked Warrants are cleared and settled, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms 
 
Closing Price means, in respect of a Future, the Daily Settlement Price of such Future on the relevant Exchange, as adjusted (if 
applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below or, if Roll Adjustment is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Daily Settlement Price multiplied by the Quantity Factor as determined by the Calculation Agent . 
 
Daily Fixing Time means the official time on which the Daily Settlement Price of the Future is computed by the Exchange. For the 
avoidance of doubt, when the Daily Settlement Price is computed by the Exchange on a period of one or several minutes, the Daily 
Fixing Time will correspond to the end of this period.  
 
Daily Settlement Price means, in respect of a Future, the official daily settlement price, determined under the rules of the applicable 
Exchange at the Daily Fixing Time.  
 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of any Future comprising the Basket 
and observed separately), any Scheduled Trading Day on which a Market Disruption Event has occurred.  
 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Future, the corresponding exchange or quotation system specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Future, has 
temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Future, 
on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange).  
 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of any Future comprising 
the Basket and observed separately) any Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time.  
 
Expiry Date means, in respect of a Future, the expiry date (or month if such information is sufficient to identify the Future) of such 
Future, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Fixing Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement Price of the Active Future 
Contract.  
 
Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the Daily Settlement Price of the Next Active 
Future Contract.  
 
Future(s) means a future contract, which is a standardized contract traded on the relevant Exchange specified as Underlying in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to (i) adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below and/or (ii) Roll Adjustment if "Roll 
Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Future End Time means, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time is specified therein, the Scheduled 
Closing Time.

--- Page 578 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants 
 
 
578 
Future Start Time means, the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time is specified therein, the 
Scheduled Opening Time.  
 
Future Underlier means, in respect of a Future, the asset(s), rate(s), index(indices) or reference(s) underlying such Future, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Intraday Price means, in respect of a Future and any time between the Future Start Time and the Future End Time on a Valuation 
Date, the price of such Future on the relevant Exchange.  
 
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange is located.  
 
Local Taxes means, in respect of a Future, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including interest and penalties thereon) 
imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by a Hypothetical Investor 
in connection with any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the overall net income of the 
Hypothetical Investor.  
 
Initial Quantity Factor, means 1, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Market Disruption Event means with respect to a Future the occurrence or existence of any of the following events: Failure to 
Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure where:  
A. Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of such Future or the Future Underlier, including 
pursuant to the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of such Future or the Future Underlier,  
B. Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation on trading imposed on the over-the-counter, organized or regulated 
market(s) on which such Future or the Future Underlier is traded,  
C. Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, comply with its clearing obligations or obtain market values for, (a) such Future or the Future Underlier 
on the relevant Exchange or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or over-the-
counter market, relating to such Future or the Future Underlier,  
D. Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of:  
(a) any relevant Exchange(s) relating to such Future or the Future Underlier or;  
(b) any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to such Future or the Future Underlier, in each case, prior to the 
Scheduled Closing Time.  
 
Next Active Future Contract means any subsequent nearby Future of the Active Future Contract specified as such in the Applicable 
Final Terms, having a later Expiry Date than the Active Future Contract.  
 
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a Scheduled Trading Day in 
accordance.  
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, Quantity_Adjustment_Factor will be equal to 1.  
If Option Fixing Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
Quantity_Adjustment_Factor(i) = (Fixing Active Future Contract(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / (Fixing Next Active Future Contract(i) x (1 + 
Rolling Cost))  
If Option TWAP Roll is set as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then:  
Quantity Adjustment Factor(i) = (TWAP Active Future Contract(i) x (1 - Rolling Cost)) / (TWAP Next Active Future Contract(i) x (1 + 
Rolling Cost))  
 
Quantity Factor means a multiplicative factor determined by the Calculation Agent on a Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with 
to the following mechanism:  
In respect of Valuation Date(0), Quantity Factor will be equal to the Initial Quantity Factor  
If such Scheduled Trading Day is a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day 
multiplied by the Quantity Adjustment Factor.  
If such Scheduled Trading Day is not a Rolling Date, the Quantity Factor as of the immediately preceding Scheduled Trading Day  
 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Future, each exchange or quotation system on which the trading activity has a material 
effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for options contracts relating to such Future or its Future 
Underlier, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in options 
contracts relating to a Future or its Future Underlier has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined 
that there is comparable liquidity relative to options contracts relating to such Future or its Future Underlier on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange).  
 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation of the 
issuer of any Future Underlier.  
 
Roll Adjustment means that, if "Roll Adjustment" is stated as being Applicable in the applicable Final Terms, an adjustment according 
to which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on any Rolling Date at the 
relevant Rolling Time.

--- Page 579 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants 
 
 
579 
 
Rolling Cost means 0%, unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Rolling Date(s) means the date(s) on which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future 
Contract. Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Final Terms, the Expiry Date of any Active Future Contract will be a Rolling Date. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Calculation Agent may roll the Active Future Contract into the Next Active Future Contract on one or 
several dates which will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Rolling Time means the time on (or the period during) which the Calculation Agent will roll the Active Future Contract into the Next 
Active Future Contract on a Rolling Date. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Daily Fixing Time of the Future 
will be the Rolling Time.  
 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.  
 
Scheduled Opening Time means, in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday opening time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to pre-opening hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours.  
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Future (or, in the case of a Basket of Futures, in respect of any Future comprising 
the Basket and observed separately), any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be 
open for trading for their respective regular trading session.  
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Future, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer.  
 
TWAP Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time weighted average price of the Active Future 
Contract, as calculated between the AFC_TWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the AFC_TWAPEndTime 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
TWAP Next Active Future Contract(i) means in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day, the time weighted average price of the Next 
Active Future Contract, as calculated between the NAFC_TWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the 
NAFC_TWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Future, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Future, the next following Scheduled Trading Day), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which 
case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 2 below.  
 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Future, the Scheduled Closing Time provided however that if the Exchange closes prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time of the Exchange.  
 
2. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS  
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively) is a Disrupted Day for a Future, the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for such Future shall be the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Future, unless each of the eight Scheduled 
Trading Days immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day.  
 
In that case:  
 
A. that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for the Future notwithstanding 
the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day; and  
 
B. the Calculation Agent shall determine, its good faith estimate of the value of the Future as of the Valuation Time on that eighth 
Scheduled Trading Day and the good faith estimate of the value of the Future so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price.  
 
Provided that if the Future is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the Future affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each Future not affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled 
Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date;  
provided however that:  
(a) if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor 
another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent shall 
make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith estimate of the value of the Future so calculated shall 
be deemed the Closing Price;  
 
(b) notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the basis 
of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case 
may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under

--- Page 580 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants 
 
 
580 
the Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be 
deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) 
above at the latest as of the Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of the value of the Future so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price, provided however that all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be 
a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System.  
. 
3. ADJUSTMENTS, EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS AND HOLDING LIMIT EVENTS HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST 
OF HEDGING,CHANGE IN LAW AND CONSEQUENCES  
 
3.1 Adjustments and Extraordinary Events  
 
3.1.1 Potential Adjustment Events  
 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of such event determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Future and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements relating 
to the Future used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Warrants and/or adjust any other terms of the Warrants 
as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants (subject to any 
Local Taxes to be withhold or paid as explained below) and (b) determine the effective date of that adjustment. In its determination of 
the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Future of any Potential Adjustment 
Event, and any related adjustments to the terms of the Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall take into account any amounts of Local 
Taxes that would, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred in connection with 
such Potential Adjustment Event. If relevant, the Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by 
reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange (if any) to options on the 
Future or the Future Underlier (if any) traded on such Related Exchange (if any).  
 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Future, any event having, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent, a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of such Future and which is not anticipated in terms of such Future as at the 
Issue Date of the Warrants or the occurrence of which is not scheduled to occur.  
  
 
3.1.2 Extraordinary Events and consequences  
 
Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Future, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Futures Exchange, (b) a Change of Future 
Contract, (c) a Modification of Futures Contract, (d) a Cancellation of Future Contract, (e) an Illiquidity Event, Roll-Over Failure Event 
or (g) a Holding Limit Event.  
 
A. Change of Futures Exchange means that the Future is no longer negotiated on the Exchange and/or under a market-standard 
format as of the Issue Date but is negotiated on an exchange and/or under a format that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent.  
 
B. Change of Future Contract means that the Future is replaced by a successor futures contract that is not acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent.  
 
C. Modification of Futures Contract means that the publisher of the documentation governing the Future announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating such Future or in any other way materially modifies that Future.  
 
D. Cancellation of Future Contract means that the publisher of a Future announces that it will permanently cancel such Future.  
 
E. Illiquidity Event means that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the liquidity of the Future has decreased significantly 
since the Issue Date, such decrease of liquidity being likely to have a material impact on the hedge of Societe Generale or one of its 
affiliates in connection with the Warrants.  
 
F. Roll-Over Failure Event means that the Calculation Agent is unable to make a Roll Adjustment for any of the other Extraordinary 
events above.  
 
G. Holding Limit Event as defined in the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants.  
 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of a Future (such Future, the Affected Future) on a Scheduled Trading Day (an 
Extraordinary Event Day), then the Calculation Agent may:   
 
(a) consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). Where an Early 
Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the 
case of Structured Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the 
basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Structured Warrants that 
are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination 
Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions, or 
 
(b) substitute the Affected Future with another instrument (which shall then become a substitute Future) provided that when doing so, 
the Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
obligations of the Issuer under the  Future Linked Warrants (subject to any taxes to be withhold or paid); or

--- Page 581 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Future Linked Warrants 
 
 
581 
 
(c)  apply Monetisation until the  Expiration Date  in accordance with Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
  
Subparagraph (a) shall not apply to Warrants to be listed on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.).  
 
3.1.3 Correction of the Closing Price  
 
In the event that any price or level of a Future published on the Exchange and which is used for any calculation or determination 
made under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public by the 
Exchange after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to  the Expiration Date of the Warrants (or any 
payment date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a 
result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Warrants to account for such correction, provided 
however that, all references to the words "fourth" and “four” above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as 
determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
3.2 Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Holding Limit Event, Change in Law and consequences 
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging and Holding Limit Event have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, or a Holding Limit Event 
relating to a Future (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional 
Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 582 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
582 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PORTFOLIO LINKED WARRANTS 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause  "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Portfolio Linked Warrants".  
 
References in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants to a "Condition" or "these Additional Terms and 
Conditions" shall be construed as a reference to the relevant conditions in these Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked 
Warrants unless otherwise specified herein. 
 
Capitalised terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the General Terms and Conditions and in the 
Additional Terms and Conditions Relating to Formulae.  
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS 
 
ACT(t-1,t) means, in respect of Calculation Date (t), the number of calendar days between the Calculation Date (t-1) (included) and 
Calculation Date (t) (excluded), or such other period as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Affiliate means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power 
of the entity or person. 
 
Aggregate Applicable Transaction Tax means a rate determined by the Calculation Agent as the aggregate rate of stamp duty, 
exchange levies or other equivalent amounts  which would apply to any Hypothetical Investor placing an order which corresponds to 
the Modification Proposal communicated by the Weighting Advisor, after taking into account any eventually applicable exemptions in 
relation to theWarrants.  
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Portfolio, each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms for 
the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Calculation Date, the next following Scheduled Calculation 
Date) unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 below. 
 
Basket Component means an Equity Instrument, a Commodity Instrument, a Debt Instrument or a Derivatives Instrument  which is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being a component of the Portfolio and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. 
 
Basket Component Type means, the type of a Basket Component, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. A Basket Component 
Type is one of the following: Index, Share, ETF Share, Fund, Single Commodity, Single Debt, Single Derivatives. 
 
Calculation Date means any Scheduled Calculation Date on which no Portfolio Disruption Event exists, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with Condition 6 and on which the Calculation Agent determines that it is possible for Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates to hedge its positions under the Warrants using commercially reasonable efforts. 
 
China Connect Business Day means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the China Connect Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China 
Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
 
China Connect Service means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the securities trading and clearing 
links programme developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides 
order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides 
clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities. 
 
Commodity Instrument means an article of trade or commerce such as aluminium, crude oil, cocoa, corn, cotton, copper, milk, 
cattle, gas oil, gold, silver, heating oil, coffee, wheat, lean hogs, natural gas, nickel, orange juice, lead, palladium, platinum, sugar, 
soybean, and more generally any commodity, any index on the aforementioned and if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Commodity Instrument may either be a Single Commodity or 
an Underlying Index. 
 
Company means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share. 
 
Crash Put Cost(t) (CPC(t)) means, in respect of Calculation Date (t), a rate which is determined by the Calculation Agent, in 
accordance with Condition 2.6, in order to reflect the cost that the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) would charge if it were to replicate 
the performance of the Portfolio, which includes, inter alia, the costs of hedging the risk of the market value of the Portfolio becoming 
negative. 
 
CSDCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Securities Depository and Clearing 
Corporation. 
 
DDIMPLong means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 583 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
583 
DDIMPShort means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
DDLS means a percentage, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Debt Instrument means a bond (including a structured bond), a note (including a Euro Medium Term Note), and more generally any 
other debt instrument representing a debt of an issuer, any index on the aforementioned as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Debt 
Instrument may either be a Single Debt or an Underlying Index. 
 
Derivatives Instrument means a warrant, an over-the-counter swap, future or option, a future or option or other contract traded on 
a regulated or organised market, an index on the aforementioned regardless of the underlying of such Derivatives Instrument, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to 
the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Derivatives Instrument may either be a Single Derivatives or an Underlying Index. 
 
Disrupted Day means any Scheduled Calculation Date on which a Portfolio Disruption Event occurs. 
 
DistRate(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a rate which is determined in accordance with the 
provisions of the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, (i) if Q(k,t) is a positive number, a rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent as the percentage of PortfolioDist(k,t) that would be received by a hypothetical investor located in Luxembourg, 
net of any withholding tax, before application of any tax credit and assuming that such hypothetical investor does not benefit from 
double taxation treaties and (ii) if Q(k,t) is a negative number, 100%. 
 
Dynamic Portfolio means a Portfolio that is actively managed by the Weighting Advisor pursuant to the Weighting Advisory 
Agreement. 
 
Equity Instrument means (i) a Share or (ii) an ETF Share or (iii) a Fund or (iv) an Index on the aforementioned as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria. An Equity Instrument may either be a Single Equity or an Underlying Index. 
 
ETF means a fund traded on an Exchange that issues ETF shares. 
 
ETF Share means, in respect of an ETF, a share or unit of such ETF. 
 
Exchange means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, each exchange or quotation system (if applicable) on which such Portfolio 
Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an 
Underlying Index) trade, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio 
Component that is an Underlying Index) has relocated. 
 
Exchange Business Day means: 
 
(i)   in respect of a Portfolio Component that is not an Underlying Index any Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange 
and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time;  
 
(ii)   in respect of an Underlying Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange of such 
Underlying Index are open for trading during their respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the index sponsor of the Underlying Index publishes the closing level of 
such Underlying Index; 
 
(iii)   in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Services any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which each relevant Exchange 
and Related Exchange are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and (ii) which is a China Connect Business Day. 
 
Fund means a Basket Component which is a fund, with a Basket Component Type specified as Fund in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Fund Adviser means, in relation to a Fund, any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the 
role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser 
to a discretionary manager or another non-discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund. 
 
Fund Documents means in respect of a Fund or fund underlying an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, the constitutive and 
governing documents, subscription agreements and other agreements specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund or 
fund underlying an Underlying Index. 
 
Fund Service Provider means in respect of a Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index on the aforementioned, any person 
who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for that Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including 
any fund investment adviser, fund administrator, manager, any person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or 
non-discretionary investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary manager or another non-
discretionary investment adviser) for such Fund (the Fund Adviser), trustee or similar person with the primary administrative

--- Page 584 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
584 
responsibilities for such Fund, operator, management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, registrar and 
transfer agent, domiciliary agent. 
 
Fund Unit means, in respect of a Fund, a share or unit of such Fund. 
 
Fund Valuation Day means, in respect of each Fund observed separately, any date as defined in the Fund Documents in respect of 
which the official net asset value of such Fund is determined as of such date in accordance with its Fund Documents. 
 
FXHedgeInd(k) means, for each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
(i)    if FX Hedge is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if Portfolio Component Currency is different from 
Portfolio Currency: 1;  
 
(ii)    if FX Hedge is not specified or is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 0  
 
FXRatio(k,t) means for each Calculation Date (t) and each Portfolio Component (k) the FX-hedge ratio applicable if relevant when 
FX Hedge is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and if Portfolio Component Currency is different from Portfolio 
Currency. If Dynamic Fx-hedge is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms then FXRatio(k,t) is set 
to 1. 
 
GearingInfLong means a minimum gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
GearingInfShort means a minimum gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
GearingSupLong means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
GearingSupShort means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
GrossGearingSup means a maximum gearing percentage applicable to the sum of the long exposure and the short exposure of the 
Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Gross Ordinary Distribution means: 
 
(i)   in respect of a Portfolio Component which is an Underlying Index, the sum of distributions (including dividends and coupons), 
expressed in index points, paid in cash by the components of the Underlying Index which give rise neither to any adjustment at the 
level of such Underlying Index nor to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, in each case multiplied 
by their relevant quantity in the Underlying Index and converted into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency 
exchange rate as published by the PortfolioFXSource as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime.  
 
(ii)   In respect of Portfolio Component which is a Single Equity, any distribution which is an ordinary cash dividend (or distribution 
with similar characteristics) and which does not give rise to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, 
converted into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency exchange rate as published by the PortfolioFXSource as of 
the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime. 
 
(iii)   In respect of Portfolio Component which is a Single Debt, any distribution which is a coupon (or distribution with similar 
characteristics) and which does not give rise to any other adjustment according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, converted 
into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency exchange rate as published by the PortfolioFXSource as of the 
PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime. 
 
(iv)   In respect of Portfolio Component which is a Single Derivatives, any distribution which does not give rise to any other adjustment 
according to these Additional Terms and Conditions, converted into the Portfolio Component Currency (k) using the currency 
exchange rate as published by the PortfolioFXSource as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime provided that such distribution does not 
include any payment due under the Derivatives Instrument on scheduled termination thereof or as a result of the amortisation of the 
notional amount of such Derivatives Instrument. 
 
Any Gross Ordinary Distribution shall be determined by the Calculation Agent before the withholding or deduction of any taxes at the 
source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such a Gross Ordinary Distribution, and shall 
exclude any imputation or other credits, refunds or deductions granted by any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of 
such Gross Ordinary Distribution and any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits imposed, withheld, assessed or levied thereon. 
 
Hedge Positions means any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance, by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates, of one or more 
(a) positions or contracts in securities, options, futures, derivatives, interest rate transactions or foreign exchange transactions, (b) 
securities lending/borrowing transactions, (c) any cash deposits or cash borrowing and/or (d) other instruments, arrangements, assets 
or liabilities howsoever described in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio basis, the part of Societe Generale or any of its 
affiliates’ obligation under the Warrants.

--- Page 585 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
585 
Holding Limit Event as defined pursuant to the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
Hypothetical Investor means a hypothetical institutional investor not resident in (a) the applicable Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Relevant Jurisdiction, Local 
Jurisdiction and/or the Tax Residence Jurisdiction, as applicable; or (b) a jurisdiction where any refund, credit or any other benefit, 
exemption or reduction in relation to any Local Taxes may arise under an applicable tax treaty or any relevant laws or arrangements. 
 
Hypothetical Replicating Party means a hypothetical party taking positions in the Portfolio Components for the purposes of 
replicating the performance of the Portfolio. 
 
InitialWeight(k) means the initial weight of Portfolio Component(k) as of Calculation Date(0), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Lag means a positive number, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if no such number is specified therein, one (1). 
 
Local Jurisdiction means, if relevant, the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange is located. 
 
Local Taxes means, in respect of one or several Portfolio Component(s), taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including 
interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise 
incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with any Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied on the 
overall net income of the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Market Data means a rate (including an interest rate, a foreign exchange rate or a swap rate), a spread, or any other data which is 
either (i) specified as a Portfolio Component and Market Data in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) which is otherwise used in the 
computation of the Portfolio Level. A Market Data may notably be a reference rate like a foreign exchange rate, an interest rate or a 
securities lending or borrowing rate. 
 
Net Asset Value means, in respect of a Fund and a Fund Valuation Day, the amount or amounts per unit of such Fund including (for 
subscription orders) or net (for redemption orders) of all applicable costs, taxes and fees (if any) that would be paid (for subscription 
orders) or received (for redemption orders) in cash in one or more times by a Hypothetical Replicating Party pursuant to a Valid Order 
for the subscription or redemption (as applicable) of units of the Fund scheduled to be executed on the official net asset value per unit 
determined by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) dated as of such Fund Valuation Day. 
 
Net Portfolio Level means the level of the Portfolio, net of Crash Put Costs, denominated in the Portfolio Currency, determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
NPC(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the number of distinct Portfolio Component (k) within the Portfolio. 
 
Portfolio means a portfolio constituted of Portfolio Components, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Portfolio Cash Component Level (“PCCL(t)”) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the cash component in the 
Portfolio. 
 
Portfolio Component or Portfolio Component (k) means any component of the Portfolio specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and, if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, subject to the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A Portfolio 
Component may either be a Basket Component or a Market Data. 
 
Portfolio Component Currency (k) means the denomination currency of Portfolio Component (k), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Portfolio Currency means the denomination currency of the Portfolio, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
denomination currency is specified therein, the Settlement Currency. 
 
Portfolio Disruption Event means the occurrence of a disruption event affecting the Portfolio or a Portfolio Component, as further 
set out in Condition 6. 
 
Portfolio Level means the level of the Portfolio denominated in the Portfolio Currency, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
PortfolioDist(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the sum of all Gross Ordinary Distributions 
with an ex date which is between Calculation Date (t-1) (excluded) and Calculation Date (t) (included). 
 
PortfolioFX(k,t) means, for each Calculation Date (t) and each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
   (i)    If Quanto Option is not specified or is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  the currency exchange 
rate used to convert the currency of S(k,t) into the Portfolio Currency as of the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) of the Calculation Date (t), as published by the PortfolioFXSource or any successor thereto. If no such 
currency exchange rate is available at the PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) of the Calculation 
Date (t), the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate in respect of the Calculation Date (t); and

--- Page 586 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
586 
   (ii)    If Quanto Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 1. 
 
PortfolioFXSource means a foreign exchange rate source as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such source is specified 
therein, the WM Company or any successor thereto. 
 
PortfolioFXSourceFixingTime means a time used to determine foreign exchange rates as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or if no such time is specified therein, 4:00 PM London time (or any successor time as of which the Portfolio FX Source publishes it 
closing foreign exchange rate). 
 
Portfolio Publication Website means a website specified in the applicable Final Terms, where the Calculation Agent will publish (i) 
the composition of the Portfolio and (ii) (if Dynamic Portfolio is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) details relating 
to each Modification Proposal, as further detailed in Condition 3.3. 
 
PRC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, 
Macau and Taiwan). 
 
Q(k,0) means the number of unit of Portfolio Component (k) as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if not specified, the number of unit of Portfolio Component (k) on the Calculation Date (0) as determined in accordance with Condition 
2.4. 
 
Q(k,t) means the number of units of Portfolio Component (k) on Calculation Date (t) as determined in accordance with Condition 2.4. 
 
RateLong(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a long cash position in the 
Portfolio Component Currency (k) as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified 
therein, zero (0). Unless the level of RateLong(k,t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the 
value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or gain that would be incurred by the Issuer 
(or any of its affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging instruments in respect of the Warrants and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical 
remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a cash holding in the Warrants. 
 
RateShort(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a short cash position in 
the Portfolio Component Currency (k) as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is 
specified therein, zero (0). Unless *fixed* is specified next to the level of RateShort(k,t) in the applicable Final Terms, on each 
Calculation Date, the value of such rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent, upon prior notice to the Warrantholders in order 
to replicate the cost or gain that would be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging instruments 
in respect of the Warrants and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a cash holding  in the Warrants. 
 
RateLong(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a long cash position in the 
Portfolio Currency as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero 
(0). Unless the level of RateLong(t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the value of such 
rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or gain that would be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its 
affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging instruments in respect of the Warrants and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical 
remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a cash holding  in the Warrants.  
 
RateShort(t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t), the level of the relevant rate which corresponds to a short cash position in the 
Portfolio Currency as of such Calculation Date, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero 
(0). Unless the level of RateShort(t) is specified as *fixed* in the applicable Final Terms, on each Calculation Date, the value of such 
rate may be amended by the Calculation Agent in order to reflect the cost or gain that would be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its 
affiliates) if it were to (i) lend/borrow hedging instruments in respect of the Warrants and/or (ii) reflect a hypothetical 
remuneration/borrowing rate in respect of a cash holding  in the Warrants. 
 
Reference Price has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.5. 
 
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material 
effect on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating to such Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments 
underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that is an Underlying Index), any successor exchange or 
quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Portfolio Component (or the securities or instruments underlying such Portfolio Component in the case of a Portfolio Component that 
is an Underlying Index), has temporarily relocated. 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of incorporation or 
organisation of the issuer (if any) of (1) such Portfolio Component or (2) the Portfolio Component(s) underlying such Underlying Index.  
 
RepoRate(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a rate which is determined as follows: 
 
(i)    If Q(k,t) is a positive number: RepoRate(k,t) = RepoRateLong(k,t); and 
 
(ii)    If Q(k,t) is a negative number: RepoRate(k,t) = RepoRateShort(k,t). 
 
RepoRateLong(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0).

--- Page 587 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
587 
 
RepoRateShort(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such rate is specified therein, zero (0). 
 
Restriking Date means each Valuation Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
S(k,0) means the level of Portfolio Component (k) as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
level is specified, the Reference Price of Portfolio Component (k) on the Calculation Date (0) as determined in accordance with 
Condition 2.5. 
 
S(k,t) means the Reference Price of Portfolio Component (k) on the Calculation Date (t) as determined in accordance with Condition 
2.5. 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of an Exchange or Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time of such 
Exchange or Related Exchange, without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
 
For Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following definition of Scheduled Closing Time applies: 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an Exchange, Related Exchange or China Connect Service, the scheduled weekday 
closing time of such Exchange, Related Exchange or the China Connect Service, without regard (in the case of any Exchange or 
Related Exchange) to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours or (in the case of the China Connect 
Service) any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing session hours. 
 
Scheduled Calculation Date means the scheduled computation dates of the Portfolio Level, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means: 
 
(i)    in respect of a Portfolio Component that is not an Underlying Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange 
for such Portfolio Component are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions; 
 
(ii)    in respect of an Underlying Index, any day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange of such Underlying Index are 
scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading sessions and the index sponsor of the Underlying Index is 
scheduled to publish the level of such Underlying Index; and 
 
(iii)    in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Services, any day on which (i) each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their respective regular trading session and (ii) the China Connect Service 
is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions. 
 
SEHK means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
 
Share means a share of a company or any depositary receipt thereon. 
 
Similar Portfolio means, a portfolio whose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the Portfolio, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of a Portfolio comprise, without limitation, its strategy, its currency, the asset class and 
the geographical or economic sectors reflected in such Portfolio. 
 
Similar Portfolio Component means any Portfolio Component whose "main characteristics" are similar to those of the relevant 
Affected Underlying, in the determination of the Calculation Agent. The "main characteristics" of a Portfolio Component comprise, 
without limitation, its strategy, its currency, the asset class and the geographical or economic sectors reflected in such Portfolio 
Component. 
 
Single Commodity means any Basket Component that is a physical commodity or future contract on a physical commodity, with a 
Basket Component Type specified as Single Commodity in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Single Debt means any Basket Component that is a note, a euro medium term note, or a bond, with a Basket Component Type 
specified as Single Debt in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Single Derivatives means any Basket Component that is a derivative instrument such as a structured warrant, a future, a forward or 
an option, with a Basket Component Type specified as Single Derivatives in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Single Equity means any Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument, with a Basket Component Type specified as Share, ETF 
Share or Fund in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
TargetGearingLong(t) means:  
 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  
 
    a fixed target gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such percentage is specified therein, one (1).

--- Page 588 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
588 
 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  
 
    in respect of Calculation Date t, a target gearing percentage applicable to the long exposure of the Portfolio, as communicated by 
the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.6. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, TargetGearingLong(t) shall always be comprised between GearingInfLong (excluded) and 
GearingSupLong (excluded), and the sum of TargetGearingLong(t) and TargetGearingShort(t) shall be less than GrossGearingSup 
if such percentages are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
TargetGearingShort(t) means:  
 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being not applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  
 
    a fixed target gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, if relevant, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or if no such percentage is specified therein, one (1).  
 
If “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms,  
 
    In respect of Calculation Date t, a target gearing percentage applicable to the short exposure of the Portfolio, as communicated by 
the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.6. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, TargetGearingShort(t) shall always be comprised between GearingInfShort (excluded) and 
GearingSupShort (excluded), and the sum of TargetGearingLong(t) and TargetGearingShort(t) shall be less than GrossGearingSup 
if such percentages are specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Portfolio Component, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence 
of the issuer (if any) and in respect of an Underlying Index, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of the issuer (if 
any) of the financial instrument(s) underlying such Underlying Index. 
 
TimeBasis means the time basis specified in the applicable Final Terms or if no such time basis is specified therein: (i) 365 if the 
Portfolio Currency is set to GBP and (ii) 360 in any other case. 
 
Underlying Index means any Basket Component with a Basket Component Type specified as Index in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Underlying Index Calculation Agent means the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Underlying Index, if different from 
the Underlying Index Sponsor, as specified in the operating rules of such Underlying Index. 
 
Underlying Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Underlying Index and/or (b) announces 
(directly or through an Underlying Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Underlying Index on a regular basis. 
 
Valid Order means a valid and timely subscription or redemption order sent to the Fund or the Fund Service Provider that generally 
accepts such order, in accordance with the subscription or redemption notice period and the relevant cut off time as set forth in the 
Fund Documents. 
 
Valuation Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Calculation 
Date, the next following Scheduled Calculation Date), unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant 
to the provisions of Condition 4 and Condition 6 below. 
 
Weight Reset Date means each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
2. DETERMINATION OF THE PORTFOLIO LEVEL  
 
2.1 Portfolio Level 
 
The Portfolio Level (PL(t)) is, in respect of any Calculation Date (t), determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to the occurrence 
or existence of a Portfolio Disruption Event, in accordance with the following formula:  
 
PL(t) = (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) - ReplicationFeeCost(t) - TC(t-1,t) 
 
Where: 
 
PL(0) means the initial level of the Portfolio as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level 
is specified, the Notional Amount (if any). 
 
And with 
 
If Crash Put Costs Calculation is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 589 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
589 
ReplicationFeeCost(t) means (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) x CPC(t-1) x ACT(t-1,t) / TimeBasis 
 
Otherwise, if Crash Put Costs Calculation is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms:  
 
ReplicationFeeCost(t) = 0 
 
Where 
 
If Weight Reset is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Calculation Date (t) is a Weight Reset Date: 
 
TC (t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to TNPC(t-1,t)) (Abs(Q(k,t) - Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor (k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t) x TCR(k,t)) 
 
 
TCR(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the transaction cost of such Portfolio Component (k), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified, such Portfolio Component (k) is deemed to be equal to 0. 
 
Otherwise 
 
TC(t-1,t) = 0 
 
2.2 Performance  
 
The performance component is determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
 
Perf(t-1,t) = Perf_Component(t-1,t) - Perf_FX(t-1,t) + DivBucket(t) 
 
Where: 
 
Perf_Component(t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (Q(k,t-1) x (AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t) x S(k,t) - PortfolioFX(k,t-1) x 
S(k,t-1) x (1 - RepoRate(k,t-1) x Act(t-1,t) / TimeBasis))) 
 
 
And 
 
Perf_FX(t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (FXRatio(k, t-1) x FXHedgeInd(k) x Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1) x S(k,t-1) x (PortfolioFX(k,t) 
/ PortfolioFX(k,t-1) - 1))  
 
And 
 
DivBucket(t) is determined in accordance with section 2.4. 
 
2.3 Financing Cost 
 
Only if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Fin(t-1,t) = - Fin_Underlying(t-1,t) - Fin_ForexStrat(t-1,t)  
 
If Excess Return is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Fin(t-1,t) = PL(t-1) x ERate(t-1) x ACT(t-1,t) / TimeBasis - Fin_Underlying(t-1,t) - Fin_ForexStrat(t-1,t)  
 
In each case, where: 
 
Fin_Underlying(t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1) x S(k,t-1) x IsFunded(k) x ERate(k,t-1) x Act(t-1,t) / 
TimeBasis) 
 
 
And 
 
Fin_ForexStrat(t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (FXRatio(k,t-1) x FXHedgeInd(k) x Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1) x S(k,t-1) x 
(IsFunded(k) x Rate(k,t-1) x Act(t-1,t) / TimeBasis - IsFunded(k) x ERate(k,t-1) x Act(t-1,t) / TimeBasis)) 
 
And where: 
 
IsFunded(k) means: 
 
Only if Unfunded Component is applicable in respect of Portfolio Component (k): 
 
0

--- Page 590 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
590 
If Unfunded Component is not specified or is specified as not applicable in respect of Portfolio Component (k):  
 
1 
 
ERate(t-1) and each ERate(k,t-1) is determined in accordance with the following: 
 
If Excess Return is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
If Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting is not specified or is specified as not applicable in the Final Terms: 
  
   ERate(t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then: ERate(k,t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then:  
 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateShort(t-1) 
 
Only if Portfolio Ccy Cash Positions Netting is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
If: 
 
PL(t-1) – Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) ((FXRatio(k, t-1)) x (1 - FXHedgeInd(k)) x IsFunded(k) x Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1) x S(k,t-1)) ≥ 
0  
 
then: 
 
ERate(t-1)= RateLong(t-1) and ERate(k, t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
 
Else: 
 
ERate(t-1) = RateShort(t-1) and ERate(k, t-1) = RateShort(t-1) 
 
Only if Excess Return is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then  
 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateLong(t-1) 
 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then  
 
ERate(k,t-1) = RateShort(t-1) 
 
Each Rate(k,t-1) is determined in accordance with the following: 
 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then: Rate(k,t-1) = RateShort(k,t-1) 
 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then: Rate(k,t-1) = RateLong(k,t-1) 
 
2.4 Computation of the quantities Q(k,t) 
 
For each Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), and subject to any adjustment determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to a Portfolio Extraordinary Event or a Portfolio Disruption Event Q(k,t) shall be determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
- If Weight Reset is specified as applicable and Calculation Date (t) is a Weight Reset Date : 
 
Q(k,t) = PL(t-1) × InitialWeight(k) / (S(k,t-1) × PortfolioFX(k,t-1)) 
 
- Otherwise 
 
Q(k,t) = Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x ReweightFactor(k,t) 
 
Where: 
 
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Q(k,0) = PL(0) × InitialWeight(k) / (S(k,0) × PortfolioFX(k,0)) 
 
And

--- Page 591 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
591 
 
ReweightFactor(k,t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect of each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then  
 
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorLong(t) 
 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then  
 
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorShort(t) 
 
ReweightFactorLong(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t): 
 
If: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
 
Or if: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong 
 
Or if: 
    
 t is a Restriking Date 
 
Or if: 
 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
  
       And: 
 
Either : 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
 
Or : 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort 
 
Or : 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup 
 
Then: 
 
ReweightFactorLong(t) = TargetGearingLong(t) x 2 x (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) / (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-1)) 
+ Q(k,t-1)) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) 
 
Else:  
 
ReweightFactorLong(t)=1 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfLong nor GearingSupLong nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorLong(t) shall always be set to 1. 
 
ReweightFactorShort(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t): 
 
If: 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
 
Or if: 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort 
 
Or if: 
 
t is a Restriking Date 
 
Or if:

--- Page 592 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
592 
 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
 
And: 
 
Either: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
 
Or: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong 
 
Or: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup 
 
Then: 
 
ReweightFactorShort(t) = TargetGearingShort(t) x 2 x (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) / (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-
1)) - Q(k,t-1)) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) 
 
Else:  
 
ReweightFactorShort(t)=1 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfShort nor GearingSupShort nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorShort(t) shall always be set to 1. 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) = (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-Lag)) + Q(k,t-Lag)) x S(k,t- Lag) x PortfolioFX(k,t-Lag)) / (2 
x PL(t-Lag)) 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following: 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) = (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-Lag)) - Q(k,t-Lag)) x S(k,t- Lag) x PortfolioFX(k,t-Lag)) / (2 
x PL(t-Lag)) 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) and DivBucket(t) are determined in accordance with the following on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect 
of each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Individual Components or if no Reinvestment Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t)) / (S(k,t-1) - PortfolioDist(k,t)) 
 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Portfolio in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x 
DistRate(j,t) x PortfolioDist(j,t))) / (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x S(j,t-
1))) 
 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
 
If Reinvestment Method is set to Cash Bucket in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
    AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 
 
And  
 
DivBucket(t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t) x Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1)) 
 
2.5 Reference Price 
 
Reference Price means in respect of any Scheduled Calculation Date (t) and any Portfolio Component (k): 
 
(i) If "Closing Price" is specified as applicable or if no Reference Price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, and

--- Page 593 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
593 
   a.   if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Equity Instrument that is a Share or an ETF Share, the official closing price of such Share 
or ETF Share at the Scheduled Closing Time on such Scheduled Calculation Date (t) (or the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
Scheduled Trading Day preceding such Scheduled Calculation Date (t), as the case may be);  
 
   b.   if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit, the latest available Net Asset Value dated in respect 
of such Scheduled Calculation Date (t) as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
 
   c.   if such Portfolio Component (k) is a Commodity Instrument, the official closing price published on the relevant price source as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
   d.   if such Portfolio Component (k) a Debt Instrument, the official closing price of such Debt Instrument as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
 
   e.   if such Portfolio Component (k) is an Underlying Index, the official closing level of such Underlying Index as determined by the 
Underlying Index Calculation Agent on the Scheduled Closing Time on such Scheduled Calculation Date (t) (or the Scheduled Closing 
Time on the Scheduled Trading Day preceding such Scheduled Calculation Date (t), as the case may be); or 
 
   f.   if such Portfolio Component (k) is a Derivatives Instrument, the closing value of such Derivatives Instrument on such Scheduled 
Calculation Date (t), as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
(ii) if "Fixing Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the price or level of such Portfolio Component (k), as 
relevant, as of such Calculation Date (t) and as of the ReferenceFixingTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms); 
 
(iii) if "TWAP" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the time weighted average price or level of such Portfolio 
Component (k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date (t), calculated between the TWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and the TWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
(iv) if "VWAP" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the volume weighted average price or  level of such Portfolio 
Component (k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date (t), calculated between the VWAPStartTime (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and the VWAPEndTime (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
(v) if "Opening Price" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the official opening price  or level of such Portfolio 
Component (k), as relevant, on such Calculation Date (t); 
 
(vi) if "Best Effort" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any of the above options, provided that the Reference Price 
will correspond to the above Reference Price that would be actually obtained by the Calculation Agent (or any of its affiliates) if it were 
to hedge such Reference Price, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
 
(vii) if "Bid-Ask Spread" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then: 
 
   a.   if the relevant Reference Price is determined by reference to purchase order because of an increased exposure to such Portfolio 
Component (k), the resulting Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by (1 + SpreadMidAsk) (SpreadMidAsk being 
specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
   b.   if the relevant Reference Price is determined by reference to sell order because of a decreased exposure to such Portfolio 
Component (k), the resulting Reference Price shall be further adjusted and multiplied by (1 - SpreadBidMid) (SpreadBidMid being 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
 
provided that, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, any of one of the above options may be applied in a different manner in 
respect of (i) different Scheduled Calculation Dates, (ii) different Portfolio Components or provided that, if “Dynamic Portfolio” is set 
to applicable in the applicable Final Terms, any  one of the above options may be applied in a different manner in respect of any 
Scheduled Calculation Dates and any Portfolio Components, depending on whether a Modification Proposal (as defined in Condition 
3) is effective on a given Calculation Date. 
 
2.6 Determination of the Crash Put Cost CPC(t) 
 
If: 
 
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)) + 
 
(Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) - Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)) > 1 
 
Then: 
 
CPC(t) = LeverageEff(t) x CPLevel(ADD (t)) 
 
Else:  
 
CPC(t) = 0 
 
Where LeverageEff is the effective leverage determined as follows

--- Page 594 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
594 
 
LeverageEff(t) = Max((Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t))) ; (Sum(k from 1 to 
NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) - Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)))) 
 
And the Crash Put Level (CPLevel(ADD(t))) is, in respect of Calculation Date (t), determined by the Calculation Agent based on the 
value of the Average Decade Down (ADD(t)) as of such date. and in accordance with the CPLevel table specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, The CPLevel table contains the CPLevel rates applicable for any given level of the Average Decade Down.  
 
The Average Decade Down ADD(t) is, in respect of Calculation Date (t), determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following formula: 
 
ADD(t) = LeverageLS(t) x DDLS + LeverageIMP(t) x DDIMP(t) 
 
Where 
 
The Long-Short Leverage (LeverageLS(t)) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t): 
 
LeverageLS(t) = Min((Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) + Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t))) ;  (Sum(k from 1 to 
NPC(t))) ((Abs(Q(k,t)) - Q(k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) / (2 x PL(t)))) 
 
The Implicit Leverage (LeverageIMP(t)) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t): 
 
LeverageIMP(t) = LeverageEff(t) – LeverageLS(t) 
 
DDIMP(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date(t): 
 
If (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) (Q(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) >= 0  
 
Then: DDIMP(t) = DDIMPLong 
 
Else: DDIMP(t) = DDIMPShort 
 
2.7 Determination of the Portfolio Cash Component Level, “PCCL(t)” 
 
The Portfolio Cash Component Level is determined, in respect of Calculation Date (t), in accordance with the following formula : 
 
PCCL(t) = PL(t) - (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t))) (Q(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) 
 
3. SPECIFIC PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO DYNAMIC PORTFOLIOS 
 
This Condition 3 applies only if “Dynamic Portfolio” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms. Unless otherwise 
stated herein, the following is to be considered as an additional Condition to these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
As further detailed hereinafter and in particular in Conditions 3.3 and 3.6, the composition of the Portfolio and the target gearing 
exposures may be amended by way of Modification Proposal(s) submitted by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with these 
Conditions 3.3 and 3.6. 
 
3.1 Additional definitions applicable to Dynamic Portfolios 
 
Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria means a Global Portfolio Eligibility Criteria, a Component Related Eligibility Criteria or a 
Modification Related Eligibility Criteria, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Communication Deadline means a deadline as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
ExecCostRateIn (k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) an execution cost rate which is set out in 
http://email.sgmarkets.com/Content/resource/DISTRIB_FILES_TEMP_20180612114851 , or which is set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect the cost that would be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) if it 
were to buy hedging instruments in respect of the Warrants. 
 
ExecCostRateOut (k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) an execution cost rate which is set out 
in http://email.sgmarkets.com/Content/resource/DISTRIB_FILES_TEMP_20180612114851 , or which is set out in the applicable Final 
Terms, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, to reflect the cost that would be incurred by the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) if it 
were to sell hedging instruments in respect of the Warrants. 
 
ExecAddOnRate (k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) a transaction cost rate which is set out 
in the applicable Final Terms, or 0 (zero) if not specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Force Majeure Event means exceptional circumstances with respect to the Warrants, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Weighting Advisor beyond the control of such parties such as, without limitation, any change in national or international political, legal, 
tax, financial or regulatory conditions or any calamity or emergency which prevent or to a material extent restrict the performance of

--- Page 595 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
595 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor of its obligations under the Weighting Advisory Agreement or the General 
Terms and Conditions, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
 
GL means the level of the Portfolio denominated in the Portfolio Currency without including the Performance Fees. 
 
Portfolio Eligibility Criteria means a set of Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria, as set out in the applicable Final Terms and as 
further detailed in Condition 3.4. Any Modification Proposal by the Weighting Advisor which is in breach of any Applicable Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria, as set out in the applicable Final Terms shall be rejected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 3.3. 
 
Modification Proposal means a modification proposed by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.3. 
 
Modification Trigger means a trigger for a Modification Proposal. A Modification Trigger shall be one or more of the following:  
 
(a) past or forecasted level and/or performance of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; 
and/or 
 
(b) past or forecasted level and/or level of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
 
(c) past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
 
(d) past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio; and/or 
 
(e) publication of a macroeconomic data or indicator which is relevant to the Portfolio or the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) 
subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
 
(f) determination of expected or publication of realised fundamental valuation the Portfolio Component(s) which is(are) subject to the 
Modification Proposal; and/or 
 
(g) determination of expected or publication of realised coupon or dividend yield; and/or 
 
(h) determination of expected or publication of realised earnings; and/or 
 
(i) absence of the Modification Proposal, the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria would not be complied with; and/or  
 
(j) regulatory requirement or restriction; and/or 
 
(k) determination of expected or publication of realised traded volumes or more generally liquidity of the Portfolio Component(s) which 
is(are) subject to the Modification Proposal; and/or 
 
(l) determination of expected or publication of realised interest rates (or any variation thereof); and/or 
 
(m) events (including notably change of rules or composition) of the relevant benchmark index. 
 
Rebalancing Date means the day on which a Modification Proposal is deemed to be effective, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Rebalancing Lag means the number of Calculation Date between the Review Date and the Rebalancing Date. 
 
Review Date means each day specified as such in the applicable Final Terms on which a Modification Proposal is deemed to be 
received by the Calculation Agent from (i) the Issue Date to (but excluding) (ii) the final Valuation Date, that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of any of the existing Portfolio Components that are the subject of the Modification Proposal and would not be a Disrupted 
Day assuming that any instrument or data that is proposed by the Weighting Advisor in a Modification Proposal to become a new 
Portfolio Component(s) is already included in the Portfolio.  
 
Target Exposure Implementation Date means the day on which a Target Exposure Modification Proposal is deemed to be effective, 
as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Target Exposure Modification Proposal means a modification proposed by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 
3.6. 
 
Target Exposure Modification Trigger means a trigger for a Target Exposure Modification Proposal. A Target Exposure Modification 
Trigger shall be one or more of the following: 
 
(a)    past or forecasted volatility of the Portfolio; and/or 
 
(b)    publication of a macroeconomic data or indicator which is relevant to the Portfolio; and/or 
 
(c)    determination of expected or publication of realised coupon or dividend yield; and/or 
 
(d)    determination of expected or publication of realised earnings; and/or

--- Page 596 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
596 
 
(e)    regulatory requirement or restriction; and/or 
 
(f)    determination of expected or publication of realised traded volumes or more generally liquidity of the Portfolio Components; 
and/or 
 
(g)    determination of expected or publication of realised interest rates (or any variation thereof); and/or 
 
(h)    events (including notably change of rules or composition) of the relevant benchmark index. 
 
Theoretical Communication Deadline means a deadline as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Total Number of Portfolio Components over two Consecutive Days or TNPC(t-1,t) means in respect of the Calculation Dates (t) 
and (t-1), the cumulative number of different Portfolio Components comprising the Portfolio as of such Calculation Dates (t) and (t-1). 
 
Weighting Advisor means the entity specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and which is entitled to propose Modification 
Proposal(s) in accordance with Condition 3.3. 
 
Weighting Advisory Agreement means an agreement entered into by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer and the Weighting Advisor 
in respect of the Warrants pursuant to which the Issuer and the Calculation Agent will appoint the Weighting Advisor whose duties 
will include proposing Modification Proposal(s) to the Portfolio. Under the terms of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, the 
Weighting Advisor and every Modification Proposal will aim to maximise the Portfolio Level in accordance with these 
Additional Terms and Conditions including, without limitation Condition 3 and the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. The Weighting 
Advisor will also remain responsible, in performing its duties under the Weighting Advisory Agreement, for acting honestly and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and for exercising the diligence of a reasonably prudent investment advisor or adviser in comparable 
circumstances. 
 
3.2 Amendments to Condition 2 
 
The following amendments are made to Condition 2 above for the purpose of determining the Portfolio Level of the Portfolio. 
 
3.2.1    Amendments to Condition 2.1 
 
The formula used to determine the Portfolio Level is replaced with the following: 
 
PL(t) = PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t) - TC(t-1,t) 
 
Where: 
 
PL(0) means the initial level of the Portfolio as of Calculation Date (0), as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level 
is specified, the Notional Amount. 
 
TC(t-1,t) = Sum(k from 1 to TNPC(t-1,t)) (Abs(Q(k,t) - Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor (k,t)) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t) x TCR(k,t)) 
 
TCR(k,t) means in respect of Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k) the transaction cost of such Portfolio Component (k), 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such level is specified, the transaction cost is determined in accordance with the 
following: 
 
Where TCR(k,t) = ExecCostRate(k,t) + ExecAddOnRate(k,t) 
 
And ExecCostRate (k,t) is determined in accordance with the following: 
If Q(k,t) ≥ Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor (k,t)) then ExecCostRate (k,t) = ExecCostRateIn (k,t) 
 
If Q(k,t) < Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor (k,t)) then ExecCostRate (k,t) = ExecCostRateOut (k,t) 
 
3.2.2    Amendments to Condition 2.4 
 
Condition 2.4 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
 
For each Calculation Date (t) and Portfolio Component (k), and subject to any adjustment determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to a Portfolio Extraordinary Event or a Portfolio Disruption Event Q(k,t) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formulae: 
 
If there is no Modification Proposal with a Rebalancing Date on Calculation Date (t) 
 
- If Weight Reset is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and Calculation Date is a Weight Reset Date : 
 
Q(k,t) = PL(t-1) × InitialWeight(k) / (S(k,t-1) × PortfolioFX(k,t-1)) 
 
- Otherwise

--- Page 597 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
597 
 
Q(k,t) = Q(k,t-1) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x ReweightFactor(k,t) 
 
Where: 
unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
Q(k,0) = PL(0) × InitialWeight(k) / (S(k,0) × PortfolioFX(k,0)) 
 
ReweightFactor(k,t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect of each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
If Q(k,t-1) ≥ 0 then  
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorLong(t) 
 
If Q(k,t-1) < 0 then  
ReweightFactor(k,t) = ReweightFactorShort(t) 
 
ReweightFactorLong(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t): 
 
If: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
 
Or if: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong 
 
Or if: 
t is a Restriking Date 
 
Or if: 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
 
And: 
 
Either: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) < GearingInfShort 
 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup 
 
Then: 
 
ReweightFactorLong(t) = TargetGearingLong(t) x 2 x (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) / (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-1)) + 
Q(k,t-1)) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) 
 
Else:  
 
ReweightFactorLong(t)=1 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfLong nor GearingSupLong nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorLong(t) shall always be set to 1. 
 
ReweightFactorShort(t) is determined as follows on each Calculation Date (t): 
 
If: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GearingSupShort 
 
Or if: 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag)  < GearingInfShort 
 
Or if: 
t is a Restriking Date 
 
Or if: 
Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified as Applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
 
And: 
 
Either:

--- Page 598 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
598 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) > GearingSupLong 
 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) < GearingInfLong 
 
Or: 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) + EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) > GrossGearingSup 
 
Then: 
 
ReweightFactorShort(t) = TargetGearingShort(t) x 2 x (PL(t-1) + Perf(t-1,t) + Fin(t-1,t)) / (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-1)) - 
Q(k,t-1)) x AdjustmentFactor(k,t) x S(k,t) x PortfolioFX(k,t)) 
 
Else :  
ReweightFactorShort(t)=1 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, if neither GearingInfShort nor GearingSupShort nor Simultaneous Long and Short Restrikes is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, then ReweightFactorShort(t) shall always be set to 1. 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following: 
 
EffectiveGearingLong(t-Lag) = (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-Lag)) + Q(k,t-Lag)) x S(k,t- Lag) x PortfolioFX(k,t-Lag)) / (2 
x PL(t-Lag)) 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) is determined in accordance with the following: 
 
EffectiveGearingShort(t-Lag) = (Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-Lag)) ((Abs(Q(k,t-Lag)) - Q(k,t-Lag)) x S(k,t- Lag) x PortfolioFX(k,t-Lag)) / (2 
x PL(t-Lag)) 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) and DivBucket(t) are determined in accordance with the following on each Calculation Date (t) and in respect 
of each Portfolio Component (k): 
 
- If Reinvestment Method is set to Individual Components or if no Reinvestment Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t)) / (S(k,t-1) - PortfolioDist(k,t)) 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
 
- If Reinvestment Method is set to Portfolio in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 + (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x 
DistRate(j,t) x PortfolioDist(j,t))) / (Sum(j from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (0.5*(Abs(Q(j,t-1)) + Sign(Q(k,t-1)) x Q(j,t-1)) x PortfolioFX(j,t-1) x S(j,t-
1))) 
And DivBucket(t) = 0 
 
- If Reinvestment Method is set to Cash Bucket in the applicable Final Terms: 
AdjustmentFactor(k,t) = 1 
And DivBucket(t) = Sum(k from 1 to NPC(t-1)) (DistRate(k,t) x PortfolioDist(k,t) x Q(k,t-1) x PortfolioFX(k,t-1)) 
 
If there are one or more Modification Proposal(s) affecting Portfolio Component (k) with a Rebalancing Date on Calculation Date (t): 
 
Unless communicated by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.3, Q(k,t) is determined according with the below 
formula: 
 
Q(k,t) = PL(t-RLag) × RebalWeight(k) / (S(k,t-RLag) × PortfolioFX(k,t-Rlag)) 
 
Where : 
 
RebalWeight (t) is providing by the Weighting Advisor in accordance with Condition 3.3; 
RLag means the maximum between (i) 1 and (ii) the Rebalancing Lag. 
 
3.3 Re-Weighting of Dynamic Portfolio composition 
 
3.3.1    The Weighting Advisor may on each Review Date propose to the Calculation Agent a modification to the Portfolio, subject to 
the Portfolio remaining in compliance with each and every Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. 
 
The Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to: 
(i)    the quantity or the weight of any Portfolio Component (k) in the Portfolio; 
 
(ii)    the inclusion of one or several new Portfolio Component (k) in the Portfolio;

--- Page 599 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
599 
 
(iii)    the removal of one of several Portfolio Component (k) from Portfolio; or 
 
(iv)    the Reference Price of any Portfolio Component(k) in the Portfolio and 
-  If such Reference Price is VWAP, the Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to the VWAP 
Start Time and the VWAP End Time of any Portfolio Component (k), 
- If such Reference Price is TWAP, the Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to the TWAP Start 
Time and the TWAP End Time of any Portfolio Component (k), or 
 
(v)    any combination thereof. 
 
(each a Modification Proposal, together the Modification Proposals) in accordance with the procedure described in Condition 3.4 
(the Re-Weighting Procedure). For the avoidance of doubt, any Q(k,t) may be equal to 0 in which case the Portfolio Component 
shall be deemed to be removed from the Portfolio. It is understood that it is under the responsibility of the Weighting Advisor to ensure 
that any Modification Proposal complies with the Portfolio Eligibility Criteria and that, subject to Condition 3.3.2, neither the Issuer nor 
the Calculation Agent will influence a Modification Proposal. 
 
In addition, when submitting a Modification Proposal, the Weighting Advisor shall provide (i) all necessary details required to 
implement such Modification Proposal and (ii) the Modification Trigger(s) applicable to such Modification Proposal.  
 
3.3.2    Under normal market conditions, the Calculation Agent shall implement the Modification Proposals relating to the Portfolio 
unless the Calculation Agent determines: 
 
(i) the proposed Modification Proposal would breach or cause a breach of any provision of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, any 
applicable law, regulations or risk or compliance guidelines and policy of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; or in the context of 
Portfolio Components being equity stocks only, would not comply with SG Group Restricted List or Restricted List; or  
   
(ii) the Weighting Advisor fails to comply with the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, and in particular the Modification 
Proposal is in breach of any Applicable Portfolio Eligibility Criteria set out in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(iii) the information provided by the Weighting Advisor in relation to a proposed Modification Proposal is incomplete, in particular it 
does not include parameters which are necessary to implement the proposed Modification Proposal, including but not limited to the 
applicable Modification Trigger and information necessary to identify each Portfolio Component or elements necessary to determine 
the quantity of each Portfolio Component; or  
 
(iv) the Issuer's or any of its affiliate's ability to hedge its exposure under the Warrants would be materially affected by the 
implementation of the Modification Proposal or such Modification Proposal would increase the cost of hedging the Warrants, including 
but not limited to (i) as a result of a change in law or regulation, (ii) the imposition of taxes, stamp duties, financial transaction tax or 
any other tax or levy having a similar effect or (iii) in case the Calculation Agent determines in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner that the liquidity of the Portfolio Component affected by such Modification Proposal is not sufficient for the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates, to implement such Modification Proposal; or 
 
(v) a case of Force Majeure Event affecting the Warrants, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor has occurred 
and is continuing. 
 
“Restricted List” means any internal policies or restricted lists determined internally whether voluntarily or mandatorily by SG or 
produced by a third party and used by SG for, among other purposes, determining the eligibility of Portfolio Components, and/or 
sanctions or other policies not otherwise included as an SG Group Policy or as part of an SG Group Restricted list. 
 
“SG Group Policies” means the internal, formal and documented policies, procedures, standards and guidelines (as revised from 
time to time) which have been established at SG by persons acting independently of the trading or front office function and which 
ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and regulatory standards by each member of the SG Group subject thereto.  
As used herein, the term “regulatory standards” includes codes of conduct, banking standards, frameworks and guidance (such as 
capital and liquidity standards, frameworks or guidance, among other things) issued by any competent authority (including, but not 
limited to, relevant supranational bodies, treaty organisations, supervisory committees or governmental, judicial, tax, banking or 
regulatory authorities, or self-regulatory organizations) with a view to setting standards for the business conduct, organisation and 
prudential supervision of banks and financial services firms. 
 
“SG Group Restricted List” means any internal policy restriction, internal compliance-related restricted list and/or sanctions list or 
policy not otherwise included as SG Group Policies. 
 
Unless a Modification Proposal has been rejected by the Calculation Agent on the basis of one or more of the above grounds, the 
Calculation Agent shall then implement such Modification Proposal in accordance with the Re-Weighting Procedure without any 
liability of the Calculation Agent in relation to the opportunity of such Modification Proposal. 
 
The following information shall be made available by the Calculation Agent on the Portfolio Publication Website: 
 
-    the composition of the Portfolio; and 
 
-    the detail of each Modification Proposal including the applicable Modification Trigger.

--- Page 600 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
600 
 
3.4 Re-Weighting Procedure 
 
Subject to the provision of 3.3.2 above, the Calculation Agent shall on each Rebalancing Date make the Modification Proposal(s) to 
the Portfolio requested by the Weighting Advisor, provided the relevant request was received before the Communication Deadline on 
the Review Date. Any request received on a Review Date after the Communication Deadline shall be deemed to be received on the 
immediately subsequent Review Date. 
 
 
3.5 Portfolio Eligibility Criteria 
 
Global Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria 
means one or more of the following: 
The Portfolio shall meet the diversification requirements applying to the assets of an Undertaking for 
Collective Investment in Transferable Securities complying with the European Union Directive 
85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative 
provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities or any successor 
thereto (including the Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 
2009, as amended); or  
The Portfolio must [not] contain [less][more] [than] [specify number of Portfolio Components in the 
applicable Final Terms] Portfolio Components 
 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Component Related 
Eligibility Criteria 
means the combination of (i) a Portfolio Component Type Criteria and/or (ii) a Portfolio Component 
Sub Type Criteria and/or (iii) one or more Attribute Criteria and/or (iv) a Criteria Impact,  
 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
A Component Related Portfolio Eligibility Criteria is expressed as follows: 
[Portfolio Component Type Criteria] [and] [Portfolio Component SubType Criteria] [and] [one or more 
Attribute Criteria] [Criteria Impact] 
 
Only instruments or market data that meet the Component Related Eligibility Criteria may become a 
Portfolio Component at the exclusion of all the others. 
 
 
Portfolio 
Component Type 
Criteria 
means a criteria which defines the types of Portfolio Components (each a 
“Portfolio Component Type” and together the “Portfolio Component Types”) 
which are subject to a Component Related Portfolio Eligibility Criteria. A 
Portfolio Component Type Criteria is expressed as follows:  
 
[A] Portfolio Component[s]which [is][are] [one of the following] [a][an][Portfolio 
Component Type]  
 
Where “Portfolio Component Type” means any of  the following:  
- 
Commodity Instrument 
- 
Debt Instrument 
- 
Derivatives Instrument 
- 
Equity Instrument 
- 
Market  Data 
which shall be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
Portfolio 
Component 
Sub 
Type Criteria 
means in respect of a Portfolio Component Type defined pursuant to the 
Portfolio Component Type Criteria, a criteria which defines the sub type of 
Portfolio Component Type (each a “Portfolio Component Sub Type” and 
together the “Portfolio Component Sub Types”) . A Portfolio Component Sub 
Type Criteria is expressed as follows:  
 
[and] [which] [is][are] [not] [one of the following][a][an] [Portfolio Component 
Sub Type] 
 
Where the Portfolio Component Sub Type(s): 
- 
In respect of Commodity Instruments means either Single Commodity 
or  Underlying Index  
- 
In respect of Debt Instruments means either Single Debt, or Underlying 
Index

--- Page 601 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
601 
- 
In respect Derivatives Instruments means either Single Derivatives or 
Underlying Index 
- 
In respect Equity Instruments means either Share, ETF Share, Fund or 
Underlying Index 
- 
In respect Market Data means either  foreign exchange rate, interest rate 
or securities lending or borrowing rate. 
In each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Attribute Criteria 
means one or more of the identification conditions listed in the section 
“Attribute Criteria” below, and specified in the applicable Final Terms that must 
be met by a Portfolio Component in addition to the Portfolio Component Type 
Criteria and the Component Portfolio Sub-Type Criteria (if any) and expressed 
as follows:  
 
[for][which] 
[is][are] 
[not] 
[has][have][does 
not 
have][do 
not 
have] 
[a][an][Attribute(s)] [higher] [lower] [than] [or] [equal to][among the following] 
[one of the following] [is][are][not] [set to] [Attribute Value(s)] 
 
 
 
Criteria Impact 
means the constraint or set thereof which apply(ies) to an Attribute Criteria (or 
set thereof) in relation to a given set of Portfolio Component Type(s) and/or 
Portfolio Component Sub Type(s). It is expressed as follows: 
 
[[is][are] [not] allowed] 
 
 
[must [not] have [an individual][an aggregate] [quantity][weight (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent as its quantity multiplied by its price or level, 
converted if necessary into the Portfolio Currency, then divided by the Portfolio 
Level)] [higher][lower][than][or][equal to] [Quantitative Constraint]]. 
 
Where Quantitative Constraint(s) is a number, rate, percentage or level 
specified in the applicable Final Terms under the item Portfolio Eligibility 
Criteria. 
 
Modification Related 
Eligibility Criteria 
means one or more of the following: 
- 
The proposed Modification Proposal shall not require the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to 
trade more than [specify percentage] of the average of traded volumes on the relevant Exchange 
over the past  [specify the number of days in the applicable Final Terms] days (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent);  
- 
The Weighting Advisor must [not] propose [at least][at most][more than][less than] [specify 
number of Modification Proposal(s) in the applicable Final Terms] Modification Proposal(s) 
per [specify frequency]; . 
- 
The Weighting Advisor [may][must][not][only] propose a Modification Proposal on the 
following dates: [specify date in the applicable Final Terms] 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 602 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
602 
List of Attributes with Attribute Values  
 
Attributes 
Attribute 
Values 
listed on a regulated Exchange of 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
country 
where 
the 
Exchange(s) 
of the Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria 
are 
located.] 
listed on  
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
Exchange(s) 
of the Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
issued by  
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
Company(ies) 
or issuer(s) of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
issued by an entity located in  
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
registration 
country(ies) of 
the 
Company(ies) 
or issuer(s) of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria]

--- Page 603 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
603 
issued by an entity whose industry is  
 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
industry(ies) 
of 
the 
Company(ies) 
or issuer(s) of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
issued by an entity whose sector is  
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the sector(s) 
of the Portfolio 
Component(s) 
or, 
as 
relevant, 
of 
the  
Company(ies) 
or issuer(s) of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
issued by an entity whose sub-sector is  
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
sub-
sector(s) 
of 
the 
Company(ies) 
or issuer(s) of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
denominated in  
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
denomination 
currency(ies) 
of the Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria]

--- Page 604 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
604 
issue size 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the aggregate 
issue size of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
Net Asset Value 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the aggregate 
net 
asset 
value of the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
market capitalisation 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the aggregate 
market 
capitalisation 
of the Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
[number of days] days average traded volume 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the period (for 
example 
60 
days) and the 
corresponding 
average 
volume traded 
on 
the 
relevant 
market 
or 
Exchange 
over 
 
such 
period] 
registered for public offering in 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
country(ies) 
where 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are)

--- Page 605 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
605 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria 
can 
be offered to 
the public] 
compliant with the European Union Directive 85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable 
securities or any successor thereto (including the Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July 2009, as amended) 
not applicable 
sponsored by 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the sponsor of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
(for example 
an 
index) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
managed by 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the manager 
of the Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
advised by 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the advisor of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria, 
for 
example 
the 
advisor  of the 
fund] 
sub-managed by 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
sub-
manager 
of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related

--- Page 606 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
606 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
issued by an entity whose long term credit rating 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
credit 
rating of the 
Company(ies) 
or issuer(s) of 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
published by 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the publisher 
of the Portfolio 
Component(s) 
(for example 
an 
index) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
member of [a publicly available Index] 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the 
publicly 
available 
index 
or 
indices which 
must contain 
the 
Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
underlying 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the underlying 
of the Portfolio 
Component(s) 
which is(are) 
subject to the 
Component 
Related 
Eligibility 
Criteria] 
eligible for inclusion to the assets of an Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities 
complying with the European Union Directive 85/611/EEC of 20 December 1985 on the coordination of laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable 
securities or any successor thereto (including the Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 July 2009, as amended). 
not applicable

--- Page 607 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
607 
Reference Price 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the Reference 
Price election, 
see  Condition 
2.5] 
FX Hedge 
[specify in the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
the FX Hedge 
election, 
i.e. 
applicable or 
not 
applicable] 
 
3.6 Changing the target exposures 
 
3.6.1    The Weighting Advisor may on each Review Date propose to the Calculation Agent a modification to the target gearing 
percentages of the exposures. 
 
The Weighting Advisor will be entitled to make modification proposals in relation to: 
 
(i)    the value of TargetGearingLong; 
 
(ii)    the value of TargetGearingShort; 
 
(each a Target Exposure Modification Proposal, together the Target Exposure Modification Proposals) in accordance with the 
procedure described in Condition 3.7 (the Change in Target Gearings Procedure). It is understood that neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent will influence a Target Exposure Modification Proposal. 
 
In addition, when submitting a Target Exposure Modification Proposal, the Weighting Advisor shall provide (i) all necessary details 
required to implement such Target Exposure Modification Proposal and (ii) the Target Exposure Modification Trigger(s) applicable to 
such Target Exposure Modification Proposal.  
 
3.6.2     Under normal market conditions, the Calculation Agent shall implement the Target Exposure Modification Proposals relating 
to the Portfolio unless the Calculation Agent determines: 
 
(i) the proposed Target Exposure Modification would breach or cause a breach of any provision of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, 
any applicable law, regulations or risk or compliance guidelines and policy of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; or  
 
(ii) the Weighting Advisor fails to comply with the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants; or 
 
(iii) the information provided by the Weighting Advisor in relation to a proposed Target Exposure Modification is incomplete, in 
particular it does not include parameters which are necessary to implement the proposed Target Exposure Modification, including but 
not limited to the applicable Target Exposure Modification Trigger; or  
 
(iv) the Issuer's or any of its affiliate's ability to hedge its exposure under the Warrants would be materially affected by the 
implementation of the Target Exposure Modification Proposal; or 
 
(v) a case of Force Majeure Event affecting the Warrants, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Weighting Advisor has occurred 
and is continuing. 
 
Unless a Target Exposure Modification Proposal has been rejected by the Calculation Agent on the basis of one or more of the above 
grounds, the Calculation Agent shall then implement such Target Exposure Modification Proposal in accordance with the Change in 
Target Gearings Procedure without any liability of the Calculation Agent in relation to the opportunity of such Target Exposure 
Modification Proposal. 
 
The following information shall be made available by the Calculation Agent on the Portfolio Publication Website: 
 
-    the values of the TargetGearingLong and TargetGearingShort; and 
 
-    the detail of each Target Exposure Modification Proposal including the applicable Target Exposure Modification Trigger. 
 
3.7 Change in Target Gearings Procedure 
 
Subject to the provision of 3.6.2 above, the Calculation Agent shall on each Target Exposure Implementation Date make the Target 
Exposure Modification Proposal(s) to the Portfolio requested by the Weighting Advisor, provided the relevant request was received

--- Page 608 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
608 
before the Communication Deadline on the Review Date. Any request received on a Review Date after the Communication Deadline 
shall be deemed to be received on the immediately subsequent Review Date. 
 
3.8 Effect of Termination of Weighting Advisory Agreement 
 
If the Weighting Advisory Agreement is terminated prior to the   Expiration Date(or, in case of open-ended Warrants, the last    
Expiration Date, the Calculation Agent may: 
 
(i) in the case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis 
of Market Value as defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical 
Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical 
Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(ii) apply "Monetisation until the   Expiration Date" as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
name a substitute Weighting Advisor (the “Substitute Weighting Advisor”), suitable to the Calculation Agent, that will take over the 
obligations of the existing Weighting Advisor, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Termination of the Weighting Advisory 
Agreement and no later than one month after the Termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement. If the substitute Weighting 
Advisory Agreement is not signed at the same time as the Weighting Advisory Agreement is terminated, the Portfolio Components 
will keep the same weightings as those on the date of Termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement. If no such Substitute 
Weighting Advisor is named up to one month after the Termination of the Weighting Advisory Agreement, the Calculation Agent may 
apply either (i) or (ii) above. 
 
4. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS FOR VALUATION DATES OR AVERAGING DATES 
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled 
Averaging Date) is a Disrupted Day for a Portfolio, then the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for such Portfolio shall be the first 
succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day in respect of that Portfolio, unless each of the eight Scheduled 
Calculation Dates immediately following the Scheduled Valuation Date or Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
A. the eighth Scheduled Calculation Date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, notwithstanding the fact that 
such day is a Disrupted Day; and  
 
B. the Calculation Agent shall determine the level of the Portfolio on that eighth Scheduled Calculation Date in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating that Portfolio last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day; 
 
provided that if the Portfolio is included in a Basket, the hereabove provisions shall apply only to the Portfolio affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date for each other underlying comprised in the Basket and not 
affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date; 
 
provided however that: 
 
a) if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the 
first succeeding Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the 
eighth Scheduled Calculation Date following the Scheduled Averaging Date a Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day 
nor another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Calculation Date shall be deemed the Averaging 
Date (irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Calculation Date is also a Scheduled Averaging Date), and the Calculation Agent 
shall make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the good faith estimate of the level of the Portfolio so calculated 
shall be deemed the Closing Price; and 
 
b) notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Warrants on the basis 
of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date. If a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case 
may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be made under 
the Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth Business Day shall be 
deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the determinations described in (B) 
above at the latest on such fourth Business Day and the good faith estimate of the level of the Portfolio so calculated shall be deemed 
the Portfolio Level,  
 
provided however that, all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined 
by the Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 4, Clearing System means the clearing system through which the Warrants are cleared and settled, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5. ADJUSTMENTS, EVENTS, MONETISATION UNTIL THE EXPIRATION DATE, HEDGING DISRUPTION, INCREASED COST 
OF HEDGING, INCREASED COST OF BORROW, LOSS OF BORROW, CHANGE IN LAW CHINA CONNECT SHARE 
DISQUALIFICATION, CHINA CONNECT SERVICE TERMINATION,HOLDING LIMIT EVENTS AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
5.1 Stop-Loss Event relating to a Portfolio

--- Page 609 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
609 
 
If, on any Calculation Date after the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date (included), the Portfolio Level 
of a Portfolio is affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Portfolio Level on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Portfolio 
and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then the Calculation Agent may decide to: 
 
A. consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event).Where an Early 
Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the 
case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market 
Value as defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
  
B. continue the Warrants according to their terms. 
 
Subparagraph A shall not apply to Warrants to be listed on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
 
5.2 Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Borrow, Loss of Borrow and consequences 
 
Hedging Disruption means, in respect of Warrants that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s) that Societe Generale or any 
of its affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to either (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the price risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the Warrants or the agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer in 
relation to the Warrants; or (b) freely realize, recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer the proceeds of Hedge Positions as the 
case may be between accounts within the jurisdiction of the Hedge Positions (the Affected Jurisdiction) or from accounts within the 
Affected Jurisdiction to accounts outside of the Affected Jurisdiction. 
 
In addition, for Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the definition of Hedging Disruption is completed by adding: 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, "using commercially reasonable efforts" to hedge the risks with respect to the transaction(s) referred to 
in Hedging Disruption does not include the use of any quota granted to Societe Generale or its Affiliates under the Qualified Foreign 
Institutional Investor (QFII) and Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (RQFII) regimes. 
 
Increased Cost of Hedging means, in respect of Warrants that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s), that Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date(s) on which Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Warrants) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other 
than brokerage commissions) or costs specified in these Additional Terms and Conditions, and the applicable Final Terms to (a) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge 
the equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Warrants or any agreement entered into with 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer with respect to the Warrants or (b) freely realize, recover or remit the proceeds 
of its Hedge Positions. 
 
Increased Cost of Borrow means, in respect of Warrants that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s), that Societe Generale 
or any of its affiliates would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date(s) on which Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates enters into the Hedge Positions in respect of the Warrants) rate to borrow hedging instruments in 
respect of the Warrants. 
 
Loss of Borrow means, in respect of Warrants that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s), that Societe Generale or any of 
its affiliates is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) hedging instruments with 
respect to the Warrants in an amount it deems necessary to hedge the equity price risk of entering into and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Warrants or any agreement entered into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer with respect to 
the Warrants. 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging, an Increased Cost of Borrow or a Loss of Borrow 
relating to a Portfolio (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may: 
 
A. consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). In that case, the 
Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the case of Warrants that are Cash 
Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 
5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the 
Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with 
Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; 
 
B. apply the Monetisation until the   Expiration Date (as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions); but only in the 
case of Increased Cost of Hedging; or  
 
C. replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant 
adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants (subject 
to any taxes to be withhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under no obligation to remove the Portfolio 
Component triggering the Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Borrow or Loss of Borrow and reinvest 
its proceeds into the other Portfolio Components,

--- Page 610 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
610 
 
and: 
 
deduct: 
 
(i) in the case of Cash Settled Warrants, deduct (a) from the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, 
Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or the Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) due under the Warrants, as the case may 
be, on the payment date of the Optional Early Settlement Amount, Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level 
Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount (if any) and (b) in the absence of any Optional Early Settlement Amount, 
Event-linked Early Settlement Amount, Early Trigger Level Settlement Amount or Early Termination Settlement Amount in respect of 
the Warrants, from the Cash Settlement Amount due on the Settlement Date, in each case after the occurrence of the Increased Cost 
of Hedging, the amount of any new, or any increase of, any tax, duty, expense or fee, that triggered the occurrence of the Increased 
Cost of Hedging incurred by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates in relation to the Hedge Positions hedging the payment obligations 
of the Issuer under the Warrants, such amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the outstanding Warrants (such reduction being 
the Reduction Amount and the result of such deduction being floored at zero); or  
 
(ii) in the case of Physical Delivery Warrants, any Physical Delivery Amount, Event-Linked Early Settlement Price, Early Termination 
Physical Delivery Amount or Early Trigger Level Physical Delivery Amount which is calculated in connection with the Warrants shall 
be reduced by the Reduction Amount (subject to a floor of zero).  
 
Subparagraph A shall not apply to Warrants to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.). 
 
5.3 Change in Law and consequences 
 
Change in Law means in respect of Warrants that have one or more Portfolio(s) as Underlying(s) that, on or after the first to occur of 
(a) the Issue Date and (b) the first Valuation Date of the Warrants (i) due to the adoption of any change in any applicable law or 
regulation (including without limitation, any law or regulation in respect of tax, solvency or capital requirements) or (ii) due to the 
promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any 
applicable law or regulation (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation Agent determines that it has become 
illegal for Societe Generale or any of its affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of Hedge Positions or to maintain the agreement entered 
into with Societe Generale or any of its affiliates by the Issuer of the Warrants, relating to the Underlying of the Warrants (the Affected 
Underlying).  
 
Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date 
of a Change in Law, the Calculation Agent will decide to: 
 
A. consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). Where an Early 
Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the 
case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market 
Value as defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; 
 
 
B. replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make relevant 
adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants (subject 
to any taxes to be withhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under no obligation to remove the Portfolio 
Component triggering the Change in Law and reinvest its proceeds into the other Portfolio Components; or 
 
C. apply the "Monetisation until the   Expiration Date" as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
5.4 China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination and consequences 
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following paragraphs apply: 
 
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Issue Date, the Shares cease to be accepted as "China Connect 
Securities" (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service; 
 
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one or more of the Exchange, SEHK, 
the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect 
Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares through 
the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such suspension or 
termination is not, or will not be, temporary, then upon the occurrence of such events, the Calculation Agent may elect, while China 
Connect Share Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination is continuing, to terminate the transaction(s), upon at least two 
Scheduled Trading Days' notice specifying the date of such termination, in which event the Calculation Agent will apply the Early 
Termination. 
  
5.5 Holding Limit Event 
 
In case of the occurrence of a Holding Limit Event relating to a Portfolio Component (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent 
may:

--- Page 611 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
611 
 
 
A. consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). Where an Early 
Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the 
case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market 
Value as defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions; 
 
 
B. apply the Monetisation until the  Expiration Date   (as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions); or  
 
C. replace the Affected Underlying by a Similar Portfolio Component provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make 
any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Warrants (subject to any taxes to be withhold or paid). In particular, the Calculation Agent may but shall be under no obligation to 
remove the Portfolio Component triggering the Holding Limit Event and reinvest its proceeds into the other Portfolio Components. 
 
6. PORTFOLIO DISRUPTION EVENTS 
 
6.1 Consequences of a Portfolio Disruption Event 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
Portfolio Disruption Event means a Basket Component Disruption Event or a Market Data Disruption Event, both as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
 
Basket Component Disruption Event means an Equity Instrument Disruption Event, a Commodity Instrument Disruption Event, a 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event or a Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event. 
 
If a Portfolio Disruption Event occurs on a Scheduled Calculation Date (a Disrupted Day), then the Calculation Agent shall not calculate 
the Portfolio Level on such Disrupted Day and the next Calculation Date for all Portfolio Components shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Calculation Date that is not a Disrupted Day for any Portfolio Component as determined by the Calculation Agent, unless 
each of the eight Scheduled Calculation Dates immediately following the initial Disrupted Day is also a Disrupted Day for any Portfolio 
Component, in which case: 
 
(i) the eighth Scheduled Calculation Date following the initial Disrupted Day, and each Scheduled Calculation Date that is a Disrupted 
Day thereafter, shall be deemed to be a Calculation Date (each, a Disrupted Calculation Date), notwithstanding the existence of a 
Portfolio Disruption Event on such date and only for the purpose of determining the Portfolio Level; and  
 
(ii) on each Disrupted Calculation Date, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the Portfolio Level in accordance with the formula for 
and method of calculating the Portfolio Level as set out in these Conditions provided that:  
 
(a) if the Portfolio Disruption Event is a Basket Component Disruption Event in relation to one or more of the Basket Component(s) 
only (such Basket Component(s) the Affected Basket Component(s)): 
 
(x) the level or price of the Affected Basket Component(s) shall be calculated using the level or price of such Affected Basket 
Component(s) last in effect prior to the occurrence of the relevant Basket Component Disruption Event; and  
(y) the level of each of the Market Data as described in the definition of such Market Data on the relevant date(s) of determination 
shall be calculated as if no Portfolio Disruption Event existed; 
 
(b) if the Portfolio Disruption Event is a Market Data Disruption Event in relation to one or more of the Market Data only (such Market 
Data the Affected Market Data): 
 
(x) the level or price of each Basket Component as described in the definition of such Basket Component(s), on the relevant date(s) 
of determination shall be calculated as if no Portfolio Disruption Event existed; and  
(y) the level of the Affected Market Data shall be determined in good faith using relevant market indicators on the relevant date(s) of 
determination; or 
 
(c) if the Portfolio Disruption Event comprises both a Basket Component Disruption Event as well as a Market Data Disruption Event:  
 
(x) the level or price of the Affected Basket Component(s) shall be calculated using the level or price of such Affected Basket 
Component last in effect prior to the occurrence of the relevant Basket Component Disruption Event; and  
(y) the level of the Affected Market Data shall be determined in good faith using relevant market indicators on the relevant date(s) of 
determination.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this Condition 5.1, any Portfolio Component(s) that are neither an Affected Basket 
Component, nor an Affected Market Data will be valued as of the Disrupted Calculation Date.  
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Portfolio Disruption Event is continuing on any day falling on or after the first Disrupted 
Calculation Date, then the Calculation Agent may:

--- Page 612 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
612 
 
(a) apply Monetisation until the    Expiration Date  (as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions); or 
 
(b) substitute the relevant Affected Basket Component or Affected Market Data with another instrument (which shall then become a 
substitute Basket Component or Market Data) provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment 
it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants (subject to any 
taxes to be withhold or paid); or 
 
(c) consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). Where an Early 
Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the 
case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market 
Value as defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
6.2 Equity Instrument Disruption Event 
 
Equity Instrument Disruption Event means, in respect of any Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument,  
 
1. if the Equity Instrument is a Share, an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the aforementioned, and  
 
(a) if the Basket Component Type is “Share” or “ETF”, the occurrence or existence of a Share Disruption Event, or  
 
(b) if the Basket Component Type is “Index”, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption event 
by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Share Disruption Event in respect of one or more of the components in such 
Underlying Index, or  
 
2. if the Equity Instrument is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on Funds or any similar instrument specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, and  
 
(a) if the Basket Component Type is “Fund”, the occurrence or existence of a Fund Disruption Event, or 
 
(b) if the Basket Component Type is “Index”, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption event 
by the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Fund Disruption Event in respect of one or more of the components in such 
Underlying Index. 
 
Where, 
 
Share Disruption Event means (a) a Trading Disruption; (b) an Exchange Disruption or (c) an Early Closure.  
 
For the purpose hereof: 
 
A. Trading Disruption means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, any suspension of or limitation on trading imposed by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and 
whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise  
 
(a) relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index on the relevant 
Exchange(s), or  
 
(b) relating to futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares, Underlying 
Index or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index; 
 
B. Exchange Disruption means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for  
 
(a) (i) such Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index on the relevant Exchange(s) or  
 
(b) futures or options contracts on any relevant Related Exchange, relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares, Underlying Index or (ii) 
any securities or instruments underlying such Underlying Index; 
 
C. Early Closure means in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Share, an ETF Share or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of  
 
(a) any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) Shares, ETF Shares or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index 
or  
 
(b) any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Shares, ETF Shares, Underlying Index or (ii) any 
securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index;

--- Page 613 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
613 
in each case prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange 
(as the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Scheduled Closing Time on such Exchange Business 
Day. 
 
And where, 
 
Fund Disruption Event means the occurrence or the likely occurrence of (a) a Calculation and/or Publication Disruption, (b) a Fund 
Settlement Disruption, or (c) a NAV Determination Disruption Event. 
 
For the purpose hereof: 
 
A. Calculation and/or Publication Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index 
on the aforementioned, the occurrence of an event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Replicating Party (including in case of any 
gate, deferral, suspension or other provisions in the Fund Documents permitting the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index 
to delay or refuse subscription and/or redemption orders) which precludes the calculation and/or publication of the Net Asset Value 
by the Fund (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of calculating such official Net Asset Value) or the net asset value of 
such fund underlying such Underlying Index. 
 
B. Fund Settlement Disruption means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, a failure by the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index to pay in cash the full amount of the redemption 
proceeds on the date by which the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index was scheduled to have paid such amount and 
which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, makes it impossible or impracticable to determine the Net Asset Value of such 
Fund or the net asset value of such fund underlying such Underlying Index, including without limitation due to (a) the transfer of all 
illiquid assets of such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index to a dedicated fund, account or structure pending the liquidation 
of such assets for the benefit of existing holders of the Fund Units (side pocket), (b) the restriction on the amount or number of 
redemptions orders that the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of 
accepting redemption orders) will accept in relation to a single date on which such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index 
normally accepts redemption orders (a gate), (c) the suspension for any reason of the subscription or redemption orders by the Fund 
or fund underlying such Underlying Index (or the Fund Service Provider generally in charge of accepting subscription and redemption 
orders), or (d) the postponement of the payment of the balance of redemption proceeds to a date occurring after the financial 
statements of the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index have been reviewed by its statutory auditors (holdback), in each 
case whether these events are imposed by the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index without being envisaged in the Fund 
Documents on the Issue Date or are already envisaged by the Fund Documents on the Issue Date and are solely implemented by 
the Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index after such date. 
 
C. NAV Determination Disruption Event means, in respect of an Equity Instrument that is a Fund Unit or an Underlying Index on 
the aforementioned, the occurrence of any event, beyond the control of a Hypothetical Replicating Party that is not a Calculation 
and/or Publication Disruption or Fund Settlement Disruption affecting such Fund or fund underlying such Underlying Index which, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, making it impossible or impracticable to determine the Net Asset Value of such Fund or 
net asset value of such fund underlying such Underlying Index. 
 
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following definition of Share Disruption Event applies: 
 
A. Share Disruption Event means, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (A) a Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange 
Disruption, (C) a China Connect Disruption, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (D) an Early Closure or (E) a China Connect Early Closure. For the 
purpose hereof: 
 
B. Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange 
or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share on the Exchange or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share 
on any relevant Related Exchange; 
 
C. Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Share, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for (a) the Share 
on the Exchange, or (b) futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related Exchange; 
 
D. China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders (including in respect of buy 
orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on the Exchange 
or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares through the China Connect Service;  
 
E. Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant Exchange, or (b) any Related Exchange, 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day;

--- Page 614 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
614 
F. China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China Connect Service prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China Connect 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on the 
Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day. 
 
6.3 Commodity Instrument Disruption Event 
 
Commodity Instrument Disruption Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Commodity Instrument, any event 
that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent disrupts or impairs the determination of the level or price of such Commodity Instrument, 
and includes, without limitation: 
 
1. if the Basket Component Type is a Single Commodity, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, 
Exchange Disruption or Early Closure; or  
 
2. if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption event by 
the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in 
respect of one or more of the components in such Underlying Index, 
 
Where, 
 
A. Failure to Publish means the failure by the relevant price source to make public the relevant price, or the temporary or permanent 
discontinuance or unavailability of the price source; or 
 
B. Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, any suspension of or limitation on trading - imposed by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise 
and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise 
- (a) relating to such Single Commodity, Underlying Index or any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying Index on the 
Exchange, or (b) relating to futures or options contracts relating to such Single Commodity, Underlying Index or any securities or 
instrument underlying such Underlying Index on any relevant Related Exchange. 
 
C. Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, (a) (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such 
Underlying Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related 
Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such 
Underlying Index,  
 
D. Early Closure means, in respect of a Commodity Instrument that is a Single Commodity or an Underlying Index on the 
aforementioned, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
 
(a) any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Underlying 
Index or; 
 
(b) any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Commodity Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument 
underlying such Underlying Index,  
 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the 
Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Scheduled Closing Time on such Exchange Business Day.  
 
6.4. Debt Instrument Disruption Event 
 
Debt Instrument Disruption Event means with respect to a Basket Component that is a Debt Instrument, the occurrence of any of 
the following events: 
 
1. if the Basket Component Type is Single Debt, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange 
Disruption or Early Closure, or  
 
2. if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption event by 
the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in 
respect of one or more of the components in such Underlying Index, 
 
Where, 
 
A. Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Debt Instrument (or any securities 
or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index), including pursuant to the redemption, cancellation 
or permanent discontinuance of the relevant Debt Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the 
case of an Underlying Index).

--- Page 615 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
615 
 
B. Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation imposed on trading on the over-the-counter, organized or Regulated 
Market(s) on which the relevant Debt Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an 
Underlying Index) is traded,  
 
C. Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, comply with its clearing obligations, or obtain market values for, (a) such (i) Debt Instrument or (ii) 
any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index, on the relevant Exchange or (b) 
futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) such 
Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Debt Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index,  
 
D. Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
 
(a) any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying a Debt Instrument that 
is an Underlying Index or; 
 
(b) any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Debt Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument 
underlying a Debt Instrument that is an Underlying Index,  
 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.  
 
6.5 Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event 
 
Derivatives Instrument Disruption Event means with respect to a Basket Component that is a Derivatives Instrument, the 
occurrence of any of the following events: 
 
1. if the Basket Component Type is Single Derivatives, the occurrence or existence of a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, 
Exchange Disruption or Early Closure, or  
 
2. if the Basket Component Type is Index, the non-publication of the Underlying Index, or the announcement of a disruption event by 
the index sponsor of such Underlying Index, or a Failure to Publish, Trading Disruption, Exchange Disruption or Early Closure in 
respect of one or more of the components in such Underlying Index, 
 
Where, 
 
A. Failure to Publish means the non-publication of the closing levels or market value of the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or any 
securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index), including pursuant to the 
redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or any securities or instrument 
underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index),  
 
B.Trading Disruption means the suspension or limitation on trading imposed on the over-the-counter, organized or regulated 
market(s) on which the relevant Derivatives Instrument (or any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the 
case of an Underlying Index) is traded,  
 
C.Exchange Disruption means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs the ability of market participants in 
general to effect transactions in, comply with its clearing obligations or obtain market values for, (a) (i) such Derivatives Instrument or 
(ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying Index, on the relevant Exchange 
or (b) futures or options contracts, or other derivatives on the relevant Related Exchange or over-the-counter market, relating to (i) 
such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying such Derivatives Instrument in the case of an Underlying 
Index,  
 
D.Early Closure means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of: 
 
(a) any relevant Exchange(s) relating to (i) such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument underlying a Derivatives 
Instrument that is an Underlying Index or; 
 
(b) any Related Exchange for futures or options contracts relating to (i) such Derivatives Instrument or (ii) any securities or instrument 
underlying a Derivatives Instrument that is an Underlying Index,  
 
in each case, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time.  
 
6.6 Market Data Disruption Event 
 
Market Data Disruption Event means with respect to a Portfolio Component that is Market Data, the non-publication of the level of 
any Market Data used by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of calculating the Portfolio Level. 
 
7. PORTFOLIO EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS 
 
7.1 Consequences of a Portfolio Extraordinary Event

--- Page 616 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
616 
If a Portfolio Extraordinary Event occurs in respect of one or more Portfolio Component(s) (any such Portfolio Component, an 
Affected Portfolio Component) on a Scheduled Calculation Date (an Extraordinary Event Day), then the Calculation Agent may: 
 
(a) apply Monetisation until the   Expiration Date (as defined in Condition 5.8 of the General Terms and Conditions); or 
 
(b) substitute the Affected Portfolio Component with another instrument (which shall then become a substitute Portfolio Component) 
provided that when doing so, the Calculation Agent will make any relevant adjustment it determines appropriate to preserve the 
economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants (subject to any taxes to be withhold or paid); or 
 
(c) consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (an Early Termination Event). Where an Early 
Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and shall pay or cause to be paid (i) in the 
case of Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market 
Value as defined in Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Warrants that are Physical Delivery 
Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
Portfolio Extraordinary Event means an Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Event, a 
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event, a Market Data Extraordinary Event or an 
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event as defined herein. 
 
7.2 Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event 
 
Equity Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is an Equity Instrument, (i) if such Equity 
Instrument is a Share issued by a Company, the occurrence or existence of a Share Extraordinary Event, (ii) if such Equity Instrument 
is an ETF Share, the occurrence or existence of a Share Extraordinary Event or an ETF Extraordinary Event, or (iii) if such Equity 
Instrument is a Fund Unit, the occurrence or existence a Fund Extraordinary Event. 
 
Where, 
 
(i) Share Extraordinary Event means (a) a Liquidation; (b) a Delisting; (c) a Nationalisation; (d) a Merger Event; (e) a De-Merger 
Event or (f) a Participation Event. 
 
A. Liquidation means that the company related to this Share or the ETF related to this ETF Share is subject to a voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, nationalisation, expropriation or is otherwise required to be transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof.  
 
B. Delisting means that the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the Share or ETF Share 
ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any reason (other than the events described under 
Share Disruption Event) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the European Union, in any member state of the European Union).  
 
C. Nationalisation means that all the Shares or ETF Shares or all or substantially all of the assets of a company or ETF are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
 
D. Merger Event means, in respect of any Share: 
 
a. any reclassification or change of such Share (including the change of currency reference of the Share) that results in a transfer of 
or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Share outstanding to another entity or person; 
 
b. any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company with or into another entity (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding); 
 
c. other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all or 
part of such Shares (other than any of such Shares owned or controlled by the offeror); 
 
d. any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its subsidiaries with or into another 
entity in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to 
such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such event; or 
 
e. take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity 
or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and 
less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the 
making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant.

--- Page 617 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
617 
E. De-merger Event means, in respect of any Share, that the Company relevant to such Share is affected by a de-merger including, 
without limitation, a spin off, scission or any operation of a similar nature. 
 
F. Participation Event means that a Company (whose Shares form part of the Portfolio) takes a stake exceeding 20 per cent. of 
another Company whose Shares (which shall be the Affected Share in respect of such Participation Event) also form part of the 
Portfolio. 
 
(ii) ETF Extraordinary Event means (a) ETF Strategy Breach, (b) ETF Termination, (c) ETF Currency Change, (d) ETF Regulatory 
Action, (e) ETF Reporting Event, (f) ETF Modification, (g) ETF Reclassification or (h) ETF Redemption or Subscription Event. 
 
A. ETF Strategy Breach means any change to, breach or violation, intentional or otherwise, of the Strategy that is reasonably likely 
to affect the value of the ETF Shares or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof.  
 
B. ETF Termination means the cessation or unwinding, by the ETF Manager of the legal arrangements which gave rise to the ETF.  
 
C. ETF Currency Change means that the net asset value of the ETF is quoted in a different currency to that quoted as of the Issue 
Date. 
 
D. ETF Regulatory Action means (i) any cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of the ETF or the ETF 
Shares by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over the ETF or the ETF Shares, (ii) any change in the legal, 
tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the ETF, any ETF Manager or the ETF Shares that the Calculation Agent determines has 
or is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the investors in the ETF or the holders of the ETF Shares or on the value of the 
ETF Shares, or (iii) the ETF, or its ETF Manager becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant 
governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving any activities relating to or resulting from the operation of the ETF, (including, 
without limitation, any future, announced or implemented material change to any one or more exemptive orders, no action letters or 
interpretative guidance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC), including guidance issued by the SEC’s staff, 
relating to the ETF or to exchange traded funds generally that affects holders of the ETF Shares, whether occurring through action of 
the SEC or otherwise, including as a result of a court order or executive order) that the Calculation Agent determines has or is 
reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the value, redeemability or liquidity of the ETF Shares, or the operation of the 
ETF in accordance with the terms of the ETF Documents or (iv) the issuance by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with 
authority over the Fund of an order to suspend redemption obligations of the ETF, to freeze assets of the ETF or to take any other 
action that the Calculation Agent determines is reasonably likely to have a material effect on the value, redeemability or liquidity of 
the ETF Shares. 
 
E. ETF Reporting Event means, the occurrence of any event affecting the ETF that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to determine the net asset value of the ETF, and such event 
continues for at least five consecutive Exchange Business Days. 
 
F. ETF Modification means any change or modification of the ETF Documents that could reasonably be expected to affect the value 
of the ETF Shares or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof from those prevailing on the Issue Date. 
 
G. ETF Reclassification means (i) the reclassification of the ETF Shares or (ii) the acquisition of the ETF by, or the aggregation of 
ETF into, another fund whose mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmarks that the Calculation Agent determines to be different from the 
mandate, risk-profile and/or benchmark as of the Issue Date (or any proposal for the foregoing occurs). 
 
H. ETF Redemption or Subscription Event means (i) the suspension of transfers of any ETF Shares, (ii) the introduction of a 
mandatory redemption or partial redemption of the ETF Shares, (iii) the non-execution of any creation, subscription or redemption 
order in respect of the ETF Shares, or (iv) the introduction or proposed introduction of subscription or redemption fees with respect to 
the ETF Shares in excess of those in effect as of the Issue Date. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition: 
 
ETF Documents means in respect of any ETF, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription agreements and other 
agreements of the ETF specifying the terms and conditions relating to such ETF. 
 
ETF Manager means, in respect of an ETF, each of the investment advisor, investment manager and sub-manager of such ETF, 
and any other key individual or entity involved with or having supervisory or management powers over such ETF. 
 
Strategy means, in relation to the ETF, the strategies or investment guidelines stated in the ETF Documents which contribute to the 
net asset value of the ETF Shares. 
 
(iii) Fund Extraordinary Event means the occurrence of any of the following events: (a) Breach or Termination of Agreement, (b) 
Closure of the Fund, (c) Fund Adviser Event, (d) Fund Insolvency Event, (e) Fund Modification, (f) Fund Service Provider Event, (g) 
Holding Ratio, (h) Insolvency, (i) Liquidity Modification, (j) Merger Event, (k) Nationalisation, (l) Regulatory Action, (m) Reporting 
Disruption, (n) Strategy Breach. 
 
A. Breach or Termination of Agreement means any failure by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider, as the case may be, to comply 
with or perform any agreement entered into by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider with Societe Generale and/or one of its affiliates, 
defining the terms and conditions at which Societe Generale and/or one of its affiliates may make subscriptions and/or redemptions 
in the Fund Units (as the case may be, different from the subscriptions and redemptions terms then prevailing pursuant to the Fund

--- Page 618 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
618 
Documents), including as the case may be the rebates of management fees to be paid to Societe Generale and/or one of its affiliates, 
the termination of such agreement by the Fund or a Fund Service Provider for reasons beyond the control of Societe Generale or its 
affiliates or the failing or ceasing of such agreement to be in full force and effect or the Fund or the Fund Service Provider disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects in whole or in part or challenges the validity of such agreement; 
 
B. Closure of the Fund means liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the Fund for any reason other than those mentioned in (D) or 
(H) below;  
 
C. Fund Adviser Event means that the Calculation Agent determines that over a period of twelve months, the total value of the 
assets managed by the Fund Adviser (including the Fund) has decreased by 50 per cent (either due to redemptions or decrease in 
value of such assets); 
 
D. Fund Insolvency Event means, in respect of any Fund Unit, that the related Fund (a) is dissolved or has a resolution passed for 
its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (b) makes a general 
assignment or arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors, (c) (i) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor 
or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or 
organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-
up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (ii) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or 
entity not described in clause (i) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for 
relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within fifteen days of the institution or presentation thereof; (d) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (e) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or 
other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all of its assets and such secured party maintains 
possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within fifteen days thereafter; or (f) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any 
of the events specified in clauses (a) through (e) above; 
 
E. Fund Modification means any change or modification of the related Fund Documents prevailing on the Issue Date, that could 
reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Fund Unit or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof (including but not limited 
to an open-end fund that becomes a closed-end fund), as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
F. Fund Service Provider Event means (a) a change, resignation, termination or replacement of any Fund Service Provider, (b) a 
change of control or indirect control of any Fund Service Provider, (c) any of the Fund Service Provider is subject to a Fund Service 
Provider Insolvency Event, where "Fund Service Provider Insolvency Event" has the same meaning as Fund Insolvency Event 
described in (D) above, except that Fund is replaced by Fund Service Provider or (d) in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation 
Agent any of the Fund Service Providers is no longer deemed able to carry out its business with the standard of care which was 
prevailing on the Issue Date or the resignation, termination, replacement, or death of any person deemed to be key in the management 
of the Fund has occurred; 
 
G. Holding Ratio means the reduction of the Fund’s aggregate Net Asset Value under an amount that, in the reasonable opinion of 
the Calculation Agent has, or is likely to have, a significant effect on the management conditions of the Fund and/or its operating 
expenses or would increase the proportion of Fund Units held, or likely to be held, by a Hypothetical Replicating Party, to such extent 
that the full redemption in one single Valid Order of the Fund Units held by a Hypothetical Replicating Party or funds managed by the 
same, is likely to be impaired; 
 
H. Insolvency means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of 
or any analogous proceeding affecting a Fund, (a) all the Fund Units of that Fund are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator 
or other similar official or (b) holders of the Fund Units of that Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming them; 
 
I. Liquidity Modification means that the Fund modifies the terms and conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can 
be submitted or are settled by the Fund as provided in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date or implements a modification of the 
conditions at which subscription and/or redemption orders can be submitted or are settled by the Fund regardless as to whether the 
principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Fund Documents as of the Issue Date; 
 
J. Merger Event means the conversion of the Fund Unit into another class of fund units or securities, or the split of the Fund, its 
consolidation or its merger with, or its sale or its conveyance of all or substantially all its assets to, a third party; 
 
K. Nationalisation means that all the Fund Units or all or substantially all the assets of a Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof; 
 
L. Regulatory Action means, with respect to any Fund Unit, (a) cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval 
of such Fund Unit or the related Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund Unit or Fund, (b) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting, or regulatory treatments of the relevant Fund or its Fund Service Provider that is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse impact on the value of such Fund Unit or on any investor therein (as determined by the Calculation Agent), 
or (c) the related Fund or any of its Fund Service Provider becoming subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any

--- Page 619 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
619 
relevant governmental, legal or regulatory authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activities relating to or 
resulting from the operation of such Fund or Fund Service Provider; 
 
M. Reporting Disruption means, in respect of any Fund Unit, any failure of the related Fund to deliver, or cause to be delivered, (a) 
information that such Fund has agreed to deliver, or cause to be delivered to a Hypothetical Replicating Party or (b) information that 
has been previously delivered to a Hypothetical Replicating Party in accordance with such Fund, or its authorised representative’s, 
normal practice and that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to monitor such Fund’s compliance with any investment guidelines, 
asset allocation methodologies or any other similar policies relating to such Fund Units; 
 
N. Strategy Breach means (a) any breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the related Fund Documents, 
that is reasonably likely to affect the value of the Fund Units or the rights or remedies of any holders thereof, in each case, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or (b) any material modification, as determined by the Calculation Agent of the risk profile of the 
Fund from its risk profile prevailing on the Issue Date by reason of, but not limited to, the modification of the proportions, or reduction 
of diversification, of the type of assets in which the Fund invests or a reduction of the average liquidity of the assets of the Fund. 
 
7.3 Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Events 
 
Commodity Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Commodity Instrument, the 
occurrence of (a) a Commodity Instrument Modification, (b) a Commodity Instrument Liquidity Modification or (c) a Commodity 
Instrument Cancellation. 
 
A. Commodity Instrument Modification means any change or modification of the Commodity Instrument documentation relating to 
such Commodity Instrument, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Commodity Instrument or the rights or 
remedies of any holders thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
B. Commodity Instrument Liquidity Modification means that the terms and conditions at which subscription or redemption of the 
Commodity Instrument are modified, regardless as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the 
Commodity Instrument documentation.  
 
C. Commodity Instrument Cancellation means the unavailability, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant 
Commodity Instrument. 
 
7.4 Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event 
 
Debt Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Basket Component that is a Debt Instrument, the occurrence of (a) a 
Debt Instrument Modification, (b) a Debt Instrument Liquidity Modification, (c) a Debt Instrument Cancellation or (d) a Failure to Pay. 
 
A. Debt Instrument Modification means any change or modification of the Debt Instrument documentation relating to such Debt 
Instrument, that could reasonably be expected to affect the value of such Debt Instrument or the rights or remedies of any holders 
thereof, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
B. Debt Instrument Liquidity Modification means that the terms and conditions at which subscription or redemption of the Debt 
Instrument are modified, regardless as to whether the principle of such modification was already envisaged in the Debt Instrument 
documentation.  
 
C. Debt Instrument Cancellation means the redemption, cancellation or permanent discontinuance of the relevant Debt Instrument. 
 
D. Failure to Pay means the failure of the issuer of the Debt Instrument to make, when and where due, any payment under the Debt 
Instrument documentation or under any other debt instrument issued by the issuer of the Debt Instrument at the time of such failure.  
 
7.5 Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event 
 
Derivatives Instrument Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Derivatives Instrument, the occurrence of (a) a Change of 
Derivatives Instrument Exchange, (b) a Change of Derivatives Instrument, (c) a Modification to Derivatives Instrument or (d) a 
Cancellation of Derivatives Instrument. 
 
A. Change of Derivatives Instrument Exchange means that the Derivatives Instrument is no longer negotiated on the Exchange 
and/or under a market-standard format as of the Issue Date but is negotiated on an exchange and/or under a format that is not 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
 
B. Change of Derivatives Instrument means that the Derivatives Instrument is replaced by a successor derivatives product that is 
not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
 
C. Modification to Derivatives Instrument means that the publisher of the documentation governing the Derivatives Instrument 
announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating such Derivatives Instrument or in any 
other way materially modifies that Derivatives Instrument. 
 
D. Cancellation of Derivatives Instrument means that the publisher of a Derivatives Instrument announces that it will permanently 
cancel such Derivatives Instrument.

--- Page 620 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
620 
7.6 Market Data Extraordinary Event  
 
A. Market Data Extraordinary Event means, in respect of a Market Data, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Market Data Publisher, 
(b) a Change of Market Data, (c) a Modification to Market Data or (d) a Cancellation of Market Data. 
 
B. Change of Market Data Publisher means that the Market Data is not calculated and/or announced by the publisher of such 
Market Data in the same conditions as those prevailing as of the Issue Date. 
 
C. Change of Market Data means that the Market Data is replaced by a successor market data or index that is not acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
D. Modification to Market Data means that the publisher of a Market Data announces that it will make a material change in the 
formula for or the method of calculating such Market Data or in any other way materially modifies that Market Data (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Market Data). 
 
E. Cancellation of Market Data means that the publisher of a Market Data announces that it will permanently cancel such Market 
Data. 
 
7.7 Underlying Index Extraordinary Event 
 
Underlying Index Extraordinary Event means, in respect of an Underlying Index, the occurrence of (a) a Change of Underlying 
Index Sponsor/Underlying Index Calculation Agent; (b) a Change of Underlying Index, (c) a Modification to Underlying Index, (d) a 
Cancellation of Underlying Index or (e) Other Underlying Index Extraordinary Event. 
 
A. Change of Underlying Index Sponsor/Underlying Index Calculation Agent means that an Underlying Index is not calculated 
and/or announced by the sponsor of the Underlying Index, or as the case may be, the calculation agent of the Underlying Index, but 
is calculated and/or announced by a successor underlying index sponsor, or as the case may be, a successor underlying index 
calculation agent that is not acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
 
B. Change of Underlying Index means that the Underlying Index is (i) replaced by a successor index or (ii) merges with another 
index to constitute a merged index. 
 
C. Modification to Underlying Index means that the sponsor of an Underlying Index announces that it will make a material change 
in the formula for or the method of calculating such Underlying Index or in any other way materially modifies that Underlying Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Underlying Index in the event of changes in constituent 
stock and capitalisation and other routine events). 
 
D. Cancellation of Underlying Index means that the sponsor of an Underlying Index announces that it will permanently cancel such 
Underlying Index.  
 
E. Other Underlying Index Extraordinary Event means any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Underlying Index.  
 
8. ADJUSTMENTS RELATING TO PORTFOLIO COMPONENTS 
 
8.1 Consequences of a Potential Adjustment Event 
 
Following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of such event determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the 
theoretical value of the Portfolio Component and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the 
elements relating to the relevant Portfolio Component used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Warrants and/or 
adjust any other terms of the Warrants as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Warrants (subject to any Local Taxes to be withhold or paid as explained below) and (b) determine the effective date 
of that adjustment. In its determination of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the Portfolio Components of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms of the Warrants, the Calculation 
Agent shall take into account any amounts of Local Taxes that would, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from 
or paid or otherwise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection with such Potential Adjustment Event. If relevant, the Calculation 
Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment 
Event made by a Related Exchange (if any) to options on the Portfolio Component (if any) traded on such Related Exchange (if any). 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 8.1: 
 
Local Taxes shall mean taxes, duties, and similar charges imposed by the taxing authority of the country in which the issuer of the 
Portfolio Component has been incorporated or (if relevant) in which the Exchange, on which the Portfolio Component is listed, is 
located. 
 
Offshore Investor shall mean a holder of Portfolio Components who is an institutional investor not resident in the country in which 
the issuer of the Portfolio Component has been incorporated or in which the Exchange, on which the Share is listed, is located (the 
Local Jurisdiction), for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction. For the avoidance of doubt, the jurisdiction

--- Page 621 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Portfolio Linked Warrants 
 
 
621 
of residence of the Offshore Investor (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may be the jurisdiction of Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates. 
 
Potential Adjustment Event means an Equity Potential Adjustment Event or an Other Potential Adjustment Event as defined herein. 
 
8.2 Equity Potential Adjustment Event 
 
Equity Potential Adjustment Event means a Share Potential Adjustment Event or an ETF/Fund Potential Adjustment Event. 
 
Share Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Basket Component which is a Share, any of the following: 
 
A. a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share (unless resulting in a Merger Event), including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; 
 
B. a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of such Share of (a) such Shares, (b) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such payments to 
holders of such Shares, (c) share capital, other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company 
as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case 
for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
C. an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
D. a call by the Company in respect of Shares that are not fully paid; 
 
E. a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the consideration 
for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
 
F. an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other 
shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at 
a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
 
G. any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
Shares.  
 
ETF/Fund Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Basket Component which is a Share, any of the following: 
 
A. a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant number of Fund Units or ETF Shares, or a free distribution or dividend 
of any such Fund Units or ETF Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
 
B. a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Units or ETF Shares of (a) an additional quantity of such 
Fund Units or ETF Shares, or (b) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of 
liquidation of the Fund or ETF equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Units or ETF Shares, or (c) 
share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund or ETF as a result of a spin-
off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or 
other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
C. an extraordinary dividend; 
 
D. a repurchase by the Fund or ETF of relevant Fund Units or ETF Shares whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Units or ETF Shares initiated by an investor in such Fund or 
ETF that is consistent with the Fund Documents or the ETF Documents; or 
 
E. any other event that, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the Fund or ETF or quantity of Fund Units or ETF Shares. 
 
8.3 Other Potential Adjustment Event 
 
Other Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Commodity Instrument, a Debt Instrument, a Derivatives Instrument or a 
Market Data, any event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
such Commodity Instrument, Debt Instrument, Derivatives Instrument or Market Data and which is not anticipated in terms of the 
relevant instrument as at the Issue Date of the Warrants or the occurrence of which is not scheduled to occur.

--- Page 622 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
622 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DIVIDEND LINKED WARRANTS 
 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Type of Structured Warrants" is stated as being "Dividend Linked Warrants".  
 
1. GENERAL DEFINITIONS  
 
ADR means an American depositary receipt (or the American depositary receipts in case of a Basket) representing shares issued by 
a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, and whose Dividends are used to determine the amount due under the 
Dividend Linked Warrants, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. 
 
Affiliate means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, 
directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power 
of the entity or person. 
 
Applicable Hedge Positions means, in respect of an Underlying that is not a Depositary Receipt, at any time, Hedge Positions that 
Societe Generale or any of its affiliates determines that a Hypothetical Investor, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, would 
consider necessary to hedge the Structured Warrants at that time. 
 
Averaging Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date and a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, each date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining an average (or if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next 
following Scheduled Trading Day, unless such day is a Disrupted Day in which case it shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions 
of Condition 2 below). 
 
Basket means a basket composed of the Shares, Depositary Receipts and/or an Indices in the relative proportions or numbers of 
Shares, Depositary Receipts and/or an Indices specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Business Day has the meaning given to it in Condition 3 of the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants. 
 
China Connect Business Day means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which the China Connect Service is open for order-routing during its regular order-routing sessions, notwithstanding the China 
Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
 
China Connect Service means in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the securities trading and clearing 
links programme developed by the Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its Affiliates provides 
order-routing and other related services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides 
clearing, settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities. 
 
Closing Price in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt means: 
 
(a) if such Share is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange or the Osaka Exchange Inc., the last traded price of such Share for the day 
quoted by the Exchange, provided however, that if there is a closing special quote on such Share quoted by the Exchange (tokubetsu 
kehaine), such quote shall be deemed to be the relevant Closing Price; 
 
(b) if such Share is traded on the Italian Exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A.), the Prezzo di Riferimento, which means the price as 
published by the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. at the close of trading and having the meaning ascribed thereto in the rules of the markets 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules may be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time; 
 
(c) if such Share is traded on the Nasdaq, the NASDAQ Official Closing Price (NOCP) as of the relevant Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date as reported in the official real-time price dissemination mechanism for the Exchange; 
 
(d) in any other case, the official closing price of such Share or Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange; 
 
in any case as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below. 
 
Closing Price in respect of an Index means the official closing level of the Index published and announced by the Index Sponsor, as 
adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 below, provided that if (a) for any day, the option "Daily Settlement 
Price" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) that day falls on the last day of quotation of the principal 
futures contract on the Index maturing in the month of such day, then the Closing Price means, for that day, the official settlement 
price of the principal futures contract on the Index on such day. 
 
Company means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, the issuer of such Share or the Deposited Securities related to such 
Depositary Receipts or, if applicable, the relevant entity (including, without limitation, a limited partnership) in which an equivalent 
proprietary unit is held. 
 
CSDCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Securities Depository and Clearing 
Corporation.

--- Page 623 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
623 
Depositary means the depositary appointed in the Deposit Agreement or any successor to it from time to time in such capacity. 
 
Deposit Agreement means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the deposit agreement between the Company that has issued the 
shares that are Deposited Securities and the Depositary pursuant to which a Depositary Receipt was issued.  
 
Depositary Receipt (or the Depositary Receipts in case of a Basket) means the depositary receipts specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (including an ADR and/or a GDR) representing shares or other interest issued by a Company and which constitute 
Deposited Securities, and whose dividends are used to determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked Warrants, subject to 
adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 below. Such Depositary Receipt(s) shall be referred to in the applicable Final 
Terms as the “Dividend Related Company”. 
 
Deposited Securities means the shares issued by a Company held by the Depositary under the Deposit Agreement pursuant to 
which a Depositary Receipt evidencing such Deposited Securities was issued. 
 
Designated Contract means an options or futures contract on the Share or Depositary Receipt traded on the Related Exchange with 
an expiry date (or the date which would have been the expiry date but for that day being a Disrupted Day or not being a Scheduled 
Trading Day) that matches the relevant Valuation Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Shares, Depositary 
Receipts or Indices, in respect of any Shares, Depositary Receipts or Indices comprising the Basket and observed separately), any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which:  
 
(a) a relevant Exchange or Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or  
 
(b) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; or 
 
(c) in the case of an Index, the Index Sponsor fails to publish the Closing Price of the Index; or 
 
(d) in respect of a Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the China Connect Service fails to open for order-routing during 
its regular order-routing session. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to a Depositary Receipt, a Disrupted Day will be deemed to have occurred if it has occurred 
with respect to the Deposited Securities related to such Depositary Receipt.  
 
Dividend means (i) in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt or (ii) in respect of an Index, for each Share or Depositary Receipt 
comprising such Index: 
 
A.    an amount of dividend per Share or Depositary Receipt as declared by the Company, before the withholding or deduction of 
taxes at source by or on behalf of any applicable authority having power to tax in respect of such a dividend (an Applicable Authority), 
but which shall not take into account: 
 
    (a)    any imputation or other credits, refunds or deductions granted by an Applicable Authority (together, the Credits); and 
 
    (b)    any taxes, credits, refunds or benefits imposed, withheld, assessed or levied on the Credits referred to in (a) above, and/or 
 
B.    an amount per Share or Depositary Receipt being the cash value of any dividend paid in shares (whether or not such dividend 
comprises shares that are not the ordinary shares of the issuer declared by the Company (or, if no cash value is declared by the 
relevant issuer , the cash value of such dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent, calculated by reference to the opening price 
of such ordinary shares on the Ex-Dividend Date applicable to that dividend) provided that if holders of record of the relevant Share 
or Depositary Receipt may elect between receiving an amount as defined in (A) above or in this subparagraph (B), the dividend shall 
be deemed to be an amount as defined in (A) above. 
 
Provided that, this definition shall exclude (a) any dividends in relation to which the Index Sponsor makes an adjustment to the Index 
when the Share or Depositary Receipt is considered as a component of an Index, or (b) any dividends in relation to which the Related 
Exchange makes an adjustment to the Designated Contract when the Share or Depositary Receipt is considered individually or as 
part of a basket (however where the Index Sponsor has adjusted the Index for part of a dividend or as the case may be the Related 
Exchange, the provisions above shall apply only to the unadjusted part). 
 
Provided further that, where a Designated Contract in respect of a Share either does not exist or has not commenced trading at the 
time of making the relevant determination, “Dividend” shall be deemed to include any dividends or portion thereof which are not 
“extraordinary dividends”. For the purposes hereof, the characterization of a dividend or portion thereof as an “extraordinary dividend” 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Where any Dividend is declared in a currency other than the Settlement Currency of the Warrants, then the Calculation Agent shall 
convert such Dividend into the Settlement Currency of the Warrants at the rate declared by the issuer of the relevant Share or the 
Depositary Receipt or the Index Sponsor where any such rate is available or, if no such rate is available, at a rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
Dividend Amount means

--- Page 624 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
624 
a)  in respect of a Share or Depositary Receipt and in respect of the relevant Dividend Period, an amount equal to the sum, for any 
Ex-Dividend Date belonging to the relevant Dividend Period, of the Dividends. 
b)  in respect of an Index and in respect of the relevant Dividend Period, an amount equal to the sum, for any Ex-Dividend Date 
belonging to the relevant Dividend Period of the following ratio calculated for each Share or Depositary Receipt that is comprised in 
the Index on such Ex-Dividend Date: 
          (i)  the Official Number of the Share or Depositary Receipt on such Ex-Dividend Date multiplied by its Dividend on that Ex-
Dividend Date to 
          (ii) the Official Index Divisor, as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor for such Ex-Dividend Date, subject to section 
5.1 “Failure to Publish” below. 
 
Dividend Period means the period specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Exchange(s) means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the corresponding exchange or quotation system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in the Share, a Depositary Receipt or Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent 
has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share, a Depositary Receipt or Index on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange). In respect of Deposited Securities underlying a Dividend that is a 
Depositary Receipt, Exchange means the primary exchange or market of trading of such Deposited Securities. 
 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Shares, 
Depositary Receipts or Indices, in respect of any Shares, Depositary Receipts or Indices comprised in the Basket and observed 
separately) any Scheduled Trading Day (i) on which each relevant Exchange and Related Exchange are open for trading during their 
respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time, and (ii) (cumulative) (a) in the case of an Index, on which the Index Sponsor publishes the Closing Price of such Index, or (b) 
in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, that is a China Connect Business Day. 
 
Ex-Dividend Date means in respect of a Dividend: 
(i) in respect of a Share or Depositary Receipt, the date on which the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt is scheduled to commence 
trading ex-dividend on the primary exchange or quotation system for such Share or Depositary Receipt, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
(ii) in respect of an Index and for any Share or Depositary Receipt that is comprised in the Index the date on which the relevant Share 
or Depositary Receipt is scheduled to commence trading ex-dividend on the primary exchange or quotation system for such Share or 
Depositary Receipt, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
GDR means a global depositary receipt (or the global depositary receipts in the case of a Basket) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms representing shares issued by a Company and which constitute Deposited Securities, and whose dividends are used to 
determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked Warrants, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3.1 
below. 
 
Hedge Positions has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
HKSCC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company 
Limited. 
 
Hong Kong means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
of the People's Republic of China. 
 
Hypothetical Investor has the meaning given to it in the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Index means an index (or the indices in case of a Basket), specified in the applicable Final Terms,  whose components are used to 
determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked Warrants, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 below. 
Such Index shall be referred to in the applicable Final Terms as the “Dividend Related Index”. 
 
Index Calculation Agent means the entity in charge of calculating and publishing the Index, if different from the Index Sponsor. 
 
Index Sponsor means the corporation or other entity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that (a) is responsible for setting 
and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the relevant Index; and/or 
(b) announces (directly or through an Index Calculation Agent) the level of the relevant Index on a regular basis. 
 
Local Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the jurisdiction in which the relevant Exchange 
is located. 
 
Local Taxes means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, taxes, duties and similar charges (in each case, including 
interest and penalties thereon) imposed by the taxing authority in any jurisdiction, that would be withheld from or paid or otherwise 
incurred by a Hypothetical Investor in connection with any Applicable Hedge Positions, excluding any corporate income taxes levied 
on the overall net income of the Hypothetical Investor. 
 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the occurrence or existence of (A) a 
Trading Disruption, (B) an Exchange Disruption which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during

--- Page 625 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
625 
the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (C) an Early Closure, or (D) in respect of Shares traded through the 
China Connect Services, a China Connect Disruption, which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time or (E) in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect 
Services, a China Connect Early Closure. For the purpose hereof: 
 
A. Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits 
permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share or Depositary Receipt on the 
Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of the relevant Index or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
 
B. Exchange Disruption means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for (a) the Share or Depositary Receipt on the Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the relevant 
Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, or (b) futures or options 
contracts relating to the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index on any relevant Related Exchange; 
 
C. Early Closure means, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of (a) the relevant Exchange, or in the case of an Index, on the 
relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index or (b) any Related 
Exchange, prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as 
the case may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (x) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange 
or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business Day and (y) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
 
D. China Connect Disruption means (i) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders (including in respect of buy 
orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China Connect Service, relating to the Share on the Exchange 
or (ii) any event (other than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the 
ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of Shares through the China Connect Service; 
 
E. China Connect Early Closure means the closure on any China Connect Business Day of the China Connect Service prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by SEHK or the Exchange, as the case may be, at least one 
hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for order-routing through the China Connect Service on such China Connect 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service system for execution on the 
Exchange at the Valuation Time on such China Connect Business Day. 
 
Official Index Divisor means the value, calculated by the Index Sponsor, necessary to ensure that the numerical value of the Index 
remains unchanged after a change in the composition of the Index. The value of the Index after any change in its composition is 
divided by the Official Index Divisor to ensure that the value of the Index returns to its normalised value. 
 
Official Number means, in respect of a date, an Index and a Share or Depositary Receipt comprising such Index, the number of free-
floating shares relating to such Share or Depositary Receipt comprised in the Index, as calculated and published by the Index Sponsor 
on such date, subject to the provisions of Condition 5.1 below. 
 
Opening Price means in respect of a Share or Depositary Receipt means the official opening price of such Share or Depositary 
Receipt on the relevant Exchange as adjusted (if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 3 below. 
 
Opening Price means in respect of an Index: 
 
(i)    in respect of the FTSE MIB index, the value of the index calculated on the Opening Auction Prices (as defined under the rules of 
the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) recorded on a given day, provided that such day is a trading day on 
the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. of the financial instruments making up the Index, having the meaning ascribed thereto in the rules of the 
markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules must be amended by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time, 
and calculated following the rules of the markets organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A., as such rules must be amended 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. from time to time;  
 
(ii)    in respect of any other index, the official opening level of such index published and announced by the Index Sponsor, as adjusted 
(if applicable) pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4 below. 
 
If, during the Valuation Date, the Opening Price of the Index cannot be determined for any reason whatsoever, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the level of the Index on that Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for, and method of, calculating that Index 
last in effect prior to the occurrence of the event that prevents the determination of the Opening Price of the Index and taking into 
account any other objective element that may be available. 
 
PRC means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, 
Macau and Taiwan). 
 
Related Exchange(s) means, in respect a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (and, with respect to a Depositary Receipt, the 
related Deposited Securities) each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures and options contracts relating to such Share, Depositary Receipt, Index or

--- Page 626 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
626 
Deposited Securities, any successor exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures or options contracts relating to a Share, Depositary Receipt, Index or Deposited Securities, has temporarily relocated 
(provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts 
relating to such Share, Depositary Receipt, Index or Deposited Securities on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original Related Exchange). 
 
Relevant Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the relevant authorities in the jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organisation of the issuer of any component security. 
 
Scheduled Closing Time means in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index and in respect of an Exchange or Related 
Exchange, (or in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China Connect Service), the scheduled weekday 
closing time of such Exchange (or Related Exchange or in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, China 
Connect Service), without regard to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours. 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index (or, in the case of a Basket of Shares, 
Depositary Receipts or  Indices, in respect of any Share, Depositary Receipt or Index comprised in the Basket and observed 
separately)any day (i) on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are scheduled to be open for trading for their 
respective regular trading session and (ii) (cumulative) (a) in the case of an Index, on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish 
the closing price of the Index or (b) in respect of a Share traded through the China Connect Services, on which the China Connect 
Service is scheduled to be open for order-routing for its regular order-routing sessions. 
 
SEHK means, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. 
 
Share(s) means a share, or other equivalent proprietary unit (including without limitation, a common unit in a limited partnership), of 
the Company (or the shares of the relevant Company in case of a Basket) specified in the applicable Final Terms whose dividends 
are used to determine the amount due under the Dividend Linked Warrants, subject to adjustment pursuant to the provisions of 
Condition 3.1 below. Such Share(s) shall be referred to in the applicable Final Terms as the “Dividend Related Company”. 
 
Tax Residence Jurisdiction means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax 
residence of the issuer and in respect of an Index, the Local Jurisdiction or any jurisdiction of tax residence of any issuer of a 
component security. 
 
Valuation Date means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, each date specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Share, Depositary Receipt or Index, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day). 
 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the Scheduled Closing Time provided however that 
if the Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time shall be the actual closing time of the Exchange. 
 
2. CONSEQUENCES OF DISRUPTED DAYS  
 
If any Valuation Date or Averaging Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Scheduled Valuation Date and the Scheduled 
Averaging Date respectively) is a Disrupted Day for a Share, a Depositary Receipt or an Index, the Valuation Date or the Averaging 
Date for such Share, Depositary Receipt or Index shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day in 
respect of such Share, Depositary Receipt or Index, unless each of the eight Scheduled Trading Days immediately following the 
Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled Averaging Date is also a Disrupted Day. In that case: 
 
A. that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, for such Share, Depositary 
Receipt or Index notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day,  
 
B. the Calculation Agent shall determine the value or level of the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index as of the Valuation Time on that 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day and such value or level so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price. In the case of an Index, such 
determination by the Calculation Agent shall be made in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating the level of that 
Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day of each security or other component comprised in the Index (or if an event giving rise to 
a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security or other component on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day, the value 
of the relevant security or other component as of the Valuation Time on that eighth Scheduled Trading Day as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
 
Provided that if the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index is included in a Basket, the above provisions shall apply only to the Share, 
Depositary Receipt or Index affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the Valuation Date or the Averaging Date for each 
such Share, Depositary Receipt or Index not affected by a Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date or the Scheduled 
Averaging Date. 
 
Provided however that, 
 
(a) if a Scheduled Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, the Averaging Date shall be postponed pursuant to the provisions above to the 
first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day provided it is not also a Scheduled Averaging Date; if on the 
eighth Scheduled Trading Day following the Scheduled Averaging Date, a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day nor 
another Scheduled Averaging Date has not occurred, then that eighth Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date

--- Page 627 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
627 
(irrespective of whether that eighth Scheduled Trading Day is also a Scheduled Averaging Date) and the Calculation Agent shall 
make on that day the determinations described in (B) above, and the value or level of the Share, Depositary Receipt or Index so 
calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price; 
 
(b) notwithstanding the foregoing, a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed as the case may be pursuant to the provisions 
above) shall occur not later than the fourth Business Day before the date of any payment to be made under the Structured Warrants 
on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date; if a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date (postponed 
as the case may be pursuant to the provisions above) would fall after the fourth Business Day prior to the date of any payment to be 
made under the  Structured Warrants on the basis of determinations made on such Valuation Date or Averaging Date, then that fourth 
Business Day shall be deemed the Valuation Date or Averaging Date and the Calculation Agent shall make, on that day the 
determinations described in (B) above at the latest as of the Valuation Time on such fourth Business Day and the value or level of the 
Share, Depositary Receipt or Index so calculated shall be deemed the Closing Price,   
 
(c) all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the clearing system through which the Structured Warrants are cleared and settled, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3. ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS IN RELATION TO A SHARE OR A DEPOSITARY RECEIPT – CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING 
DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT EVENT, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, INSOLVENCY FILING AND CONSEQUENCES, 
CHINA CONNECT SERVICE SHARE DISQUALIFICATION, CHINA CONNECT SERVICE TERMINATION AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
3.1 Adjustment Events and extraordinary events  
 
3.1.1 Potential Adjustment Events relating to Shares or Depositary Receipts 
 
Potential Adjustment Event means, in relation to a Share or a Depositary Receipt, any of the following: 
 
A.    a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of such Share or Deposited Securities (unless resulting in a Merger Event), 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, a stock split or reverse stock split, or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares or 
Deposited Securities to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
 
B.    a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of (a) such Shares or Deposited Securities, (b) other share capital or securities 
granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Company equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Shares or Deposited Securities, (c) share capital, other securities of another issuer acquired or owned 
(directly or indirectly) by the Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction, or (d) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in cash or otherwise) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
 
C.    an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
 
D.    a call by the Company in respect of Shares or Deposited Securities that are not fully paid; 
 
E.    a repurchase by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of Shares or Deposited Securities whether out of profits or capital and 
whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
 
F.    an event that results in any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other 
shares of the capital stock of the Company pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers 
that provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at 
a price below their market value, as determined by the Calculation Agent provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such 
an event shall be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
 
G.    any other event having, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the 
Shares or the Depositary Receipt. 
 
If a Potential Adjustment Event (as defined in this Condition 3.1.1) occurs affecting the Share or Depositary Receipts (the Affected 
Share or the Affected Depositary Receipts) the dividend of which is used to determine the amounts due under Warrants indexed 
on Dividends, then the Calculation Agent will, subject to the provisions of the last paragraph of the definition of "Dividend" in Condition 
1 above, adjust any terms of the Warrants, it determines appropriate, in order to take into account the economic effect on the Warrants 
of such event. 
 
Subject as described in the paragraph above, following the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event as defined above, the 
Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of such event determine whether such Potential 
Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect:  
 
(i)    on the theoretical value of the Share and, if so, will (a) calculate the corresponding adjustment, if any, to be made to the elements 
relating to the relevant Share used to determine any settlement or payment terms under the Warrants and/or adjust any other terms 
of the Warrants as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants 
and (b) determine the effective date of that adjustment; or

--- Page 628 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
628 
(ii)    on the Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts, provided that an event that has a diluting 
or concentrative effect on the Deposited Securities will affect the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts unless (and to the extent 
that) the Company or the Depositary, pursuant to its authority (if any) under the Deposit Agreement, elects to adjust the number of 
the Deposited Securities that are represented by each Depositary Receipt such that the price of the Depositary Receipts will not be 
affected by any such event (as determined by the Calculation Agent), in which case the Calculation Agent will make no adjustment. 
If the Company or the Depositary elects not to adjust the number of Deposited Securities that are represented by a Depositary Receipt 
or makes an adjustment that the Calculation Agent determines not to have been adequate, then the Calculation Agent may make the 
necessary adjustment to the elements relating to the Depositary Receipt used to determine any settlement or payment terms under 
the Warrants and/or any other terms of the Warrants as it determines appropriate to preserve the economic equivalent of the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Warrants (subject to any Local Taxes to be withhold or paid) and determine the effective date of 
that adjustment. The Depositary may also have the ability pursuant to the Deposit Agreement to make adjustments in respect of the 
Depositary Receipts for share distributions, rights distributions, cash distributions and distributions other than shares, rights and cash. 
Upon any such adjustment by the Depositary, the Calculation Agent may make the necessary adjustments as the Calculation Agent 
deems appropriate to account for such event.  
 
In its determinations of the existence and extent of any dilutive or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares or on the 
Deposited Securities that affects the theoretical value of the Depositary Receipts of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related 
adjustments to the terms of the Warrants, the Calculation Agent shall take into account (i) any amounts of Local Taxes that would, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from or paid or otherwise incurred by an Offshore Investor in connection with 
such Potential Adjustment Event and, in respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services only, (ii) any requirement, 
adjustment and/or limitation that may be imposed by the China Connect Service or any action or inaction by any one or more of the 
Exchange, SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC in relation to such Potential Adjustment Event.  
 
The Calculation Agent may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such 
Potential Adjustment Event made by a Related Exchange to options on the Share or on the Deposited Securities traded on such 
Related Exchange.  
 
Definitions applicable to this Condition: 
 
Offshore Investor means a holder of Shares or Deposited Securities who is an institutional investor not resident in the country in 
which the Company has been incorporated or in which the Exchange, on which the Share (or the Deposited Securities) is (are) listed 
is located (the Local Jurisdiction), for the purposes of the tax laws and regulations of the Local Jurisdiction and, for the avoidance 
of doubt, whose jurisdiction of residence (a) shall be determined by the Calculation Agent and (b) may be the jurisdiction of Societe 
Generale or any of its affiliates. 
  
3.1.2 Extraordinary Events relating to Shares or Depositary Receipts and consequences 
 
A.    Upon the occurrence, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, on or prior to the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging 
Date of the opening of an Offering Period relating to a Merger Event, a De-merger Event, a Tender Offer, a De-listing Event, an 
Insolvency or a Nationalisation, in respect of (i) the Company or issuance of Shares by the Company, as applicable (an Affected 
Share) or (ii) a Depositary Receipt (an Affected Depositary Receipt), then during such Offering Period, the Calculation Agent may 
decide to apply Method of Substitution with respect to the Affected Share or Affected Depositary Receipt as the case may be. 
 
B.    If the Calculation Agent decides not to apply Method of Substitution during the Offering Period with respect to the Affected Share 
or the Affected Depositary Receipt, then: 
 
(a)    in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), from the Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the 
case may be), and/or upon consummation of the Merger Event (or the Tender Offer as the case may be), until the sixtieth Business 
Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent, shall apply, in relation to Share-for-Share, Share-for-Other and Share-for-Combined, either: 
 
    (x)    Calculation Agent Adjustment and/or  
 
    (y)    Method of Substitution 
 
(b)    in the case of a Merger Event affecting two Shares or two Depositary Receipts comprised in a Basket, the Calculation Agent will 
either: 
 
   (x)    continue with the share or the Depositary Receipt resulting from the Merger Event and in order to maintain the original number 
of companies in the Basket, a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt (as applicable) will be elected and included in the 
Basket;  
 
   (y)    substitute both Shares or Depositary Receipts with two Substitute Shares or Substitute Depositary Receipt selected as 
described in the Method of Substitution; 
 
(c)    in respect of a De-merger Event, from the De-merger Date, and/or upon consummation of the De-merger Event, until the sixtieth 
Business Day thereafter, the Calculation Agent will either: 
 
    (x)    replace the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with the shares or depositary receipts of the successor 
companies;

--- Page 629 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
629 
    (y)    substitute one or more share(s) or depositary receipt(s) resulting from such De-merger Event pursuant to the Method of 
Substitution;  
 
it being understood that, in the case of a Basket, the Calculation Agent shall maintain the initial number of companies in the Basket 
and that in the case where the Calculation Agent has elected to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt with 
several shares or depositary receipts resulting from such De-merger Event, such shares or depositary receipts shall be placed in a 
sub-basket and considered as one component of the Basket; 
 
(d)    in respect of a De-listing Event or a Nationalisation, from the effective date of such event, until the sixtieth Business Day 
thereafter, the Calculation Agent may apply the Method of Substitution; 
 
(e)    in respect of an Insolvency, the Calculation Agent will decide either: 
 
         (x)    that the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt will be substituted pursuant to the Method of Substitution;  
 
         (y)    that the value of the relevant component in the formula used to determine the amount to be paid or whether a condition 
has occurred, if any, as described in the applicable Final Terms, representing the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt 
will be accounted by the Calculation Agent for its fair market value determined at any time as from the date of occurrence of such 
Insolvency until the last Valuation Date or the last Averaging Date. The determination of the fair market value shall depend upon the 
liquidity of the market and the trading conditions relating to the Share or the Depositary Receipt affected at the time of calculation;  
 
(f) In each case as developed in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above, if the Calculation Agent has not retained as the case may be, (x) or if 
in (y) no share or depositary receipt meets the criteria as set out in the Method of Substitution, then the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
        (x)    apply Condition 6.8 “Monetisation until the Expiration Date” of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
      (y)    consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants. In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its 
obligations under the relevant Warrants and pay to each Warrantholder, as soon as possible after the occurrence of any of the events 
described in (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e), an Early Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5.2 of the 
General Terms and Conditions. 
 
C.    Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall use its reasonable endeavours at all times to maintain 
the original number of companies in the Basket as Companies hereunder. 
 
Definitions applicable to this Condition : 
 
Calculation Agent Adjustment means that, in respect of a Merger Event (or a Tender Offer as the case may be), the Calculation 
Agent shall, on or after the relevant Merger Date (or the Tender Offer Date as the case may be), (A) make such adjustment to the 
exercise, settlement, payment or any other terms of the Warrant as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to account for the 
economic effect on the Warrant of such Merger Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) (provided that no adjustments will 
be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relevant to the Shares or the 
Depositary Receipt or to the Warrant), which may, but need not, be determined by reference to the adjustment(s) made in respect of 
such Merger Event (or such Tender Offer as the case may be) by an options exchange to options on the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts traded on such options exchange and (B) determine the effective date of that adjustment. 
 
Combined Consideration means New Shares in combination with Other Consideration. 
 
De-listing Event means, in respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt, that such Share or Depositary Receipt (or Deposited Securities 
related to such Depositary Receipt): (a) ceases to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the relevant Exchange or listing compartment 
of the relevant Exchange (for any reason other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and is not immediately re-listed, re-traded or 
re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or where the Exchange is within the 
European Union, in any Member State of the European Union) or (b) has its listing, trading or public quotation maintained in 
inappropriate conditions in the opinion of the Calculation Agent (such conditions to include, without limitation, a lack of liquidity or the 
disappearance of the relevant futures and/or option contract of the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt (or Deposited Securities 
related to such Depositary Receipt)).  
 
De-merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, that the Company relevant to such Share or Depositary 
Receipt is affected by a de-merger including, without limitation, a spin off, scission or any operation of a similar nature. 
 
De-merger Date means the date on which a De-merger Event becomes effective. 
 
Early Redemption means that there will be an early redemption of the Warrants on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 
6.5.2 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
Fixing Period means the period subject to a maximum of ten Exchange Business Days, which shall expire no later than 90 Business 
Days following the Merger Date, the De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date or the effective date of the De-listing Event, 
Nationalisation or Insolvency during which:

--- Page 630 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
630 
A.    Societe Generale or any of its affiliates sells the Affected Shares or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or the 
Other Consideration, (as the case may be), on the basis of the weighted average of the closing prices of the relevant assets traded 
by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with regards to the relevant Warrants, as observed during such Fixing Period; and 
 
B.    the proceeds of such sale are re-invested in the Substitute Shares, Substitute Depositary Receipt and/or New Shares accordingly 
during the said Fixing Period on the basis of the weighted average of the closing prices of such Substitute Shares, Substitute 
Depositary Receipt and/or New Shares traded by Societe Generale or any of its affiliates with regards to the relevant Warrants, as 
observed during such Fixing Period. 
 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Company, voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up 
of, or any analogous proceeding affecting, such Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Merger Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date upon which holders of the necessary number of the 
relevant Shares or Deposited Securities (other than, in the case of a takeover offer, Shares or Deposited Securities owned or 
controlled by the offeror) to constitute a Merger Event have agreed or have irrevocably become obliged to transfer their Shares or 
Deposited Securities. 
 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt: 
 
A.    any reclassification or change of such Share or Deposited Security (including the change of currency reference of the Share or 
the Deposited Security) that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Share or Deposited Security 
outstanding to another entity or person; 
 
B.    any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company with or into another entity (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a 
reclassification or change of all of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities): 
 
C.    other take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or 
otherwise obtain one hundred per cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all or part of such Shares or Deposited Securities (other than any of such Shares or Deposited Securities 
owned or controlled by the offeror); or 
 
D.    any consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Company or its subsidiaries with or into 
another entity in which such Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all of the 
outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities but results in the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities (other than Shares or 
Deposited Securities owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 
per cent. of the outstanding Shares or Deposited Securities immediately following such event. 
 
Method of Substitution means that in the case of a Merger Event, De-merger Event, Tender Offer, De-listing Event, Nationalisation 
or Insolvency (regardless of the consideration to be received), in respect of an Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the 
Calculation Agent may consider that the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or, all or part of the 
Other Consideration (as the case may be) is/are converted into cash and that the proceeds will be reinvested either (a) into a new 
share or a new depositary receipt of the same economic sector or into a share or a depositary receipt issued by a company of a 
similar international standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt 
(the Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be) or (b) in the case of Combined Consideration into 
New Shares. In the event of Other Consideration to be received in cash, in the future, the Calculation Agent may consider that the 
cash to be received in the future is discounted in order to immediately re-invest the proceeds then procured in accordance with (a) 
and (b) above. 
 
The sale of the Affected Share, the Affected Depositary Receipt, the New Shares and/or the Other Consideration shall be deemed to 
take place during the Fixing Period. The Substitute Share or the Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be, and the company 
issuing such Substituted Share or, in the case of a Depositary Receipt, the company issuing the Deposited Securities will be deemed 
a Share or a Depositary Receipt and the Company respectively, and the Calculation Agent will adjust any relevant terms of the 
Warrants. 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary Receipt is substituted, on 
any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean the closing price of such Substitute Share or 
Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it is 
equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
 
Nationalisation means that all the Shares or the Deposited Securities or all or substantially all of the assets of a Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof. 
 
New Shares means shares or depositary receipts (whether of the offeror or a third party) that are listed or quoted on a recognised 
exchange involved in the application of Method of Substitution or Calculation Agent Adjustment as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 631 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
631 
Offering Period means the period from and including the date on which the Tender Offer, the Merger Event, the De-listing Event, the 
De-merger Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation is publicly and officially announced to but excluding the Merger Date or the 
De-merger Date, the Tender Offer Date or the effective date of the De-listing Event, the Insolvency or the Nationalisation. 
 
Other Consideration means cash and/or any securities (other than New Shares) or assets (whether of the offeror or a third party). 
 
Share-for-Combined means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or 
Depositary Receipts consists of Combined Consideration. 
 
Share-for-Other means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts consists solely of Other Consideration. 
 
Share-for-Share means, in respect of a Merger Event or Tender Offer, that the consideration for the relevant Shares or Depositary 
Receipts consists (or, at the option of the holder of such Shares or Depositary Receipts, may consist) solely of New Shares. 
 
Tender Offer means, in respect of any Share or Depositary Receipt, a take-over offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing or otherwise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than ten per cent. and less than one hundred per cent. of the outstanding voting 
shares of the Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory 
agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
 
Tender Offer Date means, in respect of a Share or a Deposited Security, the date on which voting shares in the amount of the 
applicable percentage threshold are actually purchased or otherwise obtained (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
 
3.1.3 Stop-Loss Event 
 
Unless “Stop-Loss Event” is specified as “Not applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, if on any Exchange Business Day between 
the initial Valuation Date (excluded) and the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of a Share or a Depositary Receipt is 
affected by a decrease of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Share or the Affected 
Depositary Receipt and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), then: 
 
A.    the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt by a new share or depositary 
receipt issued by a company of a similar international standing or creditworthiness as the Company related to the Affected Share or 
the Affected Depositary Receipt (the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, as the case may be) and will adjust any 
relevant terms of the Warrants accordingly; or 
 
B.    the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt; or 
 
C.    if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt nor decided to continue with 
the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt, the Calculation Agent may either: 
 
(a)     apply Condition 6.8 “Monetisation until the Expiration Date” of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(b)     consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants.   In that case, the Issuer shall terminate its 
obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, to each Warrantholder, as soon as possible after the 
occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event, (i) in the case of Structured Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the 
Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions 
or (ii) in the case of Structured Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if 
applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.5 of the 
General Terms and Conditions. 
 
For information purposes, it is understood that in all cases described herein where a Share or a Depositary Receipt is substituted, on 
any date "t", with a Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt, the value of the relevant component in the formula used to 
determine the amount to be paid as described in the applicable Final Terms, shall not be affected by the substitution on such date "t" 
in respect of the Substitute Share or Substitute Depositary Receipt and would mean that the closing price of such Substitute Share 
or Substitute Depositary Receipt on the relevant Exchange on the date "t" is weighted by an appropriate linking coefficient so that it 
is equal to the closing price of the Affected Share or the Affected Depositary Receipt on such date "t". 
 
3.1.4 Correction of the Closing Price 
 
In the event that any price or level of a Share or a Depositary Receipt published on the Exchange which is used for any calculation or 
determination made under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public 
by the Exchange after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Settlement Date (or any payment 
date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable as a result of that 
correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Warrants to account for such correction, provided however that, 
all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation Agent 
pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
3.2.China Connect Share Disqualification and China Connect Service Termination and consequences

--- Page 632 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
632 
In respect of Shares traded through the China Connect Services, the following paragraphs apply: 
 
China Connect Share Disqualification means, on or after the Issue Date, the Shares cease to be accepted as "China Connect 
Securities" (as defined in the rules of the exchange of SEHK) for the purpose of the China Connect Service; 
 
China Connect Service Termination means, on or after the Issue Date, the announcement by one or more of the Exchange, 
SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China 
Connect Service or a part thereof for any reason which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the 
Shares through the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that such 
suspension or termination is not, or will not be, temporary, then upon the occurrence of such events, the Calculation Agent may 
elect, while China Connect Share Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination is continuing, to terminate the 
transaction(s), upon at least two Scheduled Trading Days' notice specifying the date of such termination, in which event the 
Calculation Agent will consider this event as an event triggering the early termination of the Warrants (hereafter an “Early 
Termination Event”).   Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and 
pay or deliver, as the case may be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Termination Event, (i) in the case of 
Structured Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of 
Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Structured Warrants that are 
Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination 
Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
4. ADJUSTMENTS AND EVENTS IN RELATION TO  AN INDEX – CHANGE IN LAW, HEDGING DISRUPTION, HOLDING LIMIT 
EVENT, INCREASED COST OF HEDGING, AND CONSEQUENCES 
 
4.1 Adjustments in relation to an Index 
 
A. If an Index is: 
 
(a) not calculated and announced by the relevant Index Sponsor or the Index Calculation Agent as the case may be, but is calculated 
and announced by a successor sponsor (the Successor Index Sponsor) or a successor calculation agent (the Successor Index 
Calculation Agent), in each case acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or 
 
(b) replaced by a successor index (the Successor Index) using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for, and method of, calculation as used in the calculation of that Index; 
 
then the Index will be deemed to be the index so calculated and announced by the relevant Successor Index Sponsor or Successor 
Index Calculation Agent or that Successor Index (as the case may be). 
 
B. If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent: 
 
(a) on or prior to a Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or if applicable the Successor Index Sponsor) 
makes a material change in the formula for, or the method of calculating, that Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index 
(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in constituent securities 
and capitalisation and other routine events (an Index Modification). For the avoidance of doubt, the following events do not constitute 
"routine events" : a sub-division (split) of the level of the Index or a consolidation (reverse split) of the level of the Index, or any other 
event linked to either the performance or the level of the Index); 
 
(b) on or prior to any Valuation Date or Averaging Date, the relevant Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the relevant Successor Index 
Sponsor) or the Index Calculation Agent (or the Successor Index Calculation Agent) as the case may be, fails to calculate and publish 
the level of the Index and such failure is likely to have a material impact on the hedge of Societe Generale or one of its affiliates in 
connection with the Warrants (an Index Disruption); or  
 
(c) the Index Sponsor (or, if applicable, the Successor Index Sponsor) permanently cancels the Index and no Successor Index exists 
(an Index Cancellation and together with an Index Modification and an Index Disruption, each an Index Adjustment Event). 
 
then the Calculation Agent shall either: 
 
(x)  calculate the relevant formula used to determine an amount to be paid or whether a condition has occurred, if any, as described 
in the applicable Final Terms using, in lieu of a published level for the Index, the level of that Index as at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to that Index Adjustment Event, but using only those securities that comprised that Index 
immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event (other than those securities that have since ceased to be listed on any relevant 
Exchange); or 
 
(y) replace the Index by a new index provided that such index is (a) representative of the same economic or geographic sector (as 
the case may be), and (b) to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one or more OECD 
countries. 
 
If the Calculation Agent has not retained (x) and if in (y) no index meeting the criteria (a) and (b) can be selected by the Calculation 
Agent, then the Calculation Agent may either:

--- Page 633 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
633 
(i)  apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(ii)  consider such event as an event triggering an early termination of the Warrants (hereafter, an Early Termination Event).. 
Where an Early Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the 
case may be, as soon as possible after the occurrence of the Early Termination Event, (i) in the case of Structured Warrants that 
are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in 
Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions or (ii) in the case of Structured Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, 
subject to payment of the Exercise Price divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount 
determined in accordance with Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and Conditions. 
 
4.2 Stop-Loss Event in relation to an Index 
 
Unless “Stop-Loss Event” is specified as “Not applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, if on an Exchange Business Day after the 
initial Valuation Date (excluded) and before the last Valuation Date (included), the Closing Price of an Index is affected by a decrease 
of 80 per cent. or more of its Closing Price on the initial Valuation Date (the Affected Index and the event, the Stop-Loss Event), 
then: 
 
A.    the Calculation Agent may decide to substitute the Affected Index by a new index representative of the same economic or 
geographic sector (as the case may be), and to the extent possible, representative of shares listed on one or more Exchanges of one 
or more OECD countries (the Substitute Index) and will adjust any relevant terms of the Warrants accordingly; or 
 
B.    the Calculation Agent may decide to continue with the Affected Index; or 
 
C.    if the Calculation Agent has neither retained any Substitute Index nor decided to continue with the Affected Index, the Calculation 
Agent may either: 
 
(a)     apply Monetisation until the Expiration Date as defined in Condition 6.8 of the General Terms and Conditions; or 
 
(b)     consider such event as an event triggering an Early Termination Event. Where Stop-Loss Event occurs, the Issuer shall 
terminate its obligations under the Warrants and pay or deliver, as the case may be, to each Warrantholder, as soon as possible 
after the occurrence of the Stop-Loss Event, (i) in the case of Structured Warrants that are Cash Settled Warrants, an amount equal 
to the Early Termination Settlement Amount on the basis of Market Value as defined in Condition 6.5 of the General Terms and 
Conditions or (ii) in the case of Structured Warrants that are Physical Delivery Warrants, subject to payment of the Exercise Price 
divided, if applicable, by the Parity, the Early Termination Physical Delivery Amount determined in accordance with Condition 6.5 of 
the General Terms and Conditions.  
 
4.3 Correction of the Closing Price in relation to an Index 
 
In the event that any price or level published on the Exchange or by the Index Sponsor and which is used for any calculation or 
determination made under the Warrants is subsequently corrected and the correction is published and made available to the public 
by the Exchange or the Index Sponsor after the original publication but no later than four Business Days prior to the Expiration Date 
(or any payment date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms), the Calculation Agent will determine the amount that is payable 
as a result of that correction, and, to the extent necessary, will adjust the terms of the Warrants to account for such correction, provided 
however that, all references to the word "four" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System. 
 
5. EXTRAORDINARY EVENTS RELATING TO DIVIDENDS 
 
5.1 Failure to Publish 
 
5.1.1 Failure to Publish 
 
In respect of an Index, if during the Dividend Period, the Index Sponsor fails (for whatever reason including without limitation, a Market 
Disruption Event) to calculate and publish (i) the Official Number or (ii) the Official Index Divisor, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Official Number or the Official Index Divisor (as the case may be). 
 
In making any such determination, the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) make reference to the formula for and 
method of calculating the Official Number or the Official Index Divisor (as the case may be) last in effect prior to the failure by the 
Index Sponsor to make the relevant calculation or publication. 
 
5.1.2 Corrections 
 
In respect of an Index, in the event that an Official Index Divisor or Official Number calculated and published by the Index Sponsor 
(or determined by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the provisions of Condition 5.1.1 above) and utilized for any calculation or 
determination made in respect of the Warrants is subsequently corrected (or, where there has been a Failure to Publish, published 
by the Index Sponsor) and the correction is published (or, where there has been a Failure to Publish, publication is made) by the 
Index Sponsor within five Scheduled Trading Days after the original publication, the Calculation Agent will adjust the Dividend, as 
required, to take into account such correction, provided that such correction or subsequent publication occurs no later than four 
Business Days prior to the Settlement Date (or any payment date(s) determined in the applicable Final Terms),

--- Page 634 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Dividend Linked Warrants 
 
 
634 
provided however that: 
 
- all references to the word "fourth" above may be deemed to be a reference to another time limit as determined by the Calculation 
Agent pursuant to rules applicable to the relevant Clearing System, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
5.2    Dividend Recovery 
 
In respect of a Share or a Depositary Receipt or in respect of each Share or Depositary Receipt comprising an Index, if (a) the amount 
actually paid or delivered by an issuer to holders of record of the relevant Share or Depositary Receipt in respect of any Dividend 
declared by such issuer  to holders of record of such Share or Depositary Receipt (a Declared Dividend)  is not equal to such 
Declared Dividend (a Dividend Mismatch Event); or (b) such issuer fails to make any payment or delivery in respect of such Declared 
Dividend by the third Business Day following the relevant due date, then the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) 
determine: (i) any appropriate adjustment or repayment to be made to account for such Dividend Mismatch Event or non-payment or 
non-delivery of the Declared Dividend, as the case may be, (ii) the date any such repayment should be made, and (iii) any interest on 
any amount subsequently due under the Warrants. 
 
5.3     Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event, Increased Cost of Hedging and consequences in relation to 
a Dividend 
 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event and Increased Cost of Hedging have the meanings given to them in 
the Additional Terms and Conditions for Structured Warrants. 
 
In case of the occurrence of Change in Law, Hedging Disruption, Holding Limit Event or Increased Cost of Hedging relating to a 
Dividend (the Affected Underlying), the Calculation Agent may apply the adjustments as specified in the Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Structured Warrants.

--- Page 635 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
635 
 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO SECURED WARRANTS 
The provisions of these Additional Terms and Conditions relating to Secured Warrants apply if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the clause "Secured Warrant Provisions" is stated as being "Applicable". 
 
In the event of any inconsistency between the General Terms and Conditions and these Additional Terms and Conditions, these 
Additional Terms and Conditions shall prevail for the purposes of the Secured Warrants. 
 
In these Additional Terms and Conditions, any references to Issuer shall be construed as references to SG Issuer. 
 
1. DEFINITIONS  
 
Accelerated Secured Warrants has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1 below;  
 
Aggregate Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below;  
 
Collateral Account has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.1 below;  
 
Collateral Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.1 below;  
 
Collateral Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.1 below;  
 
Collateral Arrangement Party means the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Collateral Custodian, the Security 
Trustee (in relation to English Law Warrants), the Security Agent (in relation to French Law Warrants), the Disposal Agent and the 
Substitute Paying Agent. Any reference to a Collateral Arrangement Party in these Additional Terms and Conditions shall be deemed 
to include a reference to any entity appointed as a replacement thereof pursuant to the terms of the relevant agreement and/or these 
Additional Terms and Conditions;  
 
Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.4.1 below;  
 
Collateral Assets Entitlement has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.7 below;  
 
Collateral Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Paris, London and Luxembourg;  
 
Collateral Custodian has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.3 below;  
 
Collateral Custodian Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.3 below;  
 
Collateral Delivery Date means, in relation to an Issue of Secured Warrants where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is 
applicable, the date on which the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, or, in either case, the Substitute Paying 
Agent acting on their behalf, as applicable, intends to Deliver the Collateral Assets Entitlement to Warrantholders;  
 
Collateral Disruption Event means either:  
 
   (a)   Each of the Issuer or any of its affiliates considers that it:  
 
(i) is unable, as a result of any legal, contractual or other restrictions or constraints (including, without limitation, any laws, regulations, 
court orders, other governmental or regulatory constraints), adverse market conditions or a lack of liquidity in the market or otherwise, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts to (A) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary to obtain Collateral Assets; or (B) freely realise, 
recover, remit, receive, re-patriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transactions(s) or assets(s) or futures or option contract(s) or 
any relevant hedge positions relating to the Collateral Assets; or  
 
(ii) would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the date on which the Issue of Secured Warrants 
is first priced) amount of tax, duty, expense, fee (other than brokerage commissions) or other relevant cost (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any funding cost) to (A) acquire, borrow, substitute, or dispose of any Collateral Assets, (B) establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction entered into by the Issuer or any of its Affiliates in connection with the Collateral Assets 
or (C) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such Collateral Assets; or  
 
   (b)   The Issuer is unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to find a suitable substitute or replacement Collateral 
Arrangement Party following the termination of the relevant agreement or resignation or removal for any reason of a Collateral 
Arrangement Party; or  
 
   (c)   (i) If at the end of the Required Settlement Period (A) the External Event(s) continue(s) to exist or (B) the Collateral Assets for 
which the regular settlement period is greater than 10 Collateral Business Days under normal market conditions have not been settled, 
or (ii) in the case of a Collateral Settlement Disruption, if at the end of the 60 Collateral Business Day period (A) the External Event(s) 
continue(s) to exist or (B) the Collateral Assets for which the regular settlement period is greater than 10 Collateral Business Days 
under normal market conditions have not been settled;

--- Page 636 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
636 
Collateral Enforcement Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1 below;  
 
Collateral Enforcement Proceeds has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below;  
 
Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below;  
 
Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.2 below;  
 
Collateral Monitoring Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.2 below;  
 
Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below;  
 
Collateralisation Percentage has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.3 below;  
 
Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.4.1 below;  
 
Collateral Ratio has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below;  
 
Collateral Rules has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.4.1 below;  
 
Collateral Settlement Disruption has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.6 below;  
 
Collateral Test has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4 below;  
 
Collateral Test Date means each periodic date as is specified in the applicable Final Terms and any other date deemed to be a 
Collateral Test Date in accordance with these Additional Terms and Conditions;  
 
Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure means the dispute resolution procedure set out in the Collateral Agency Agreement 
and the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement as further described in Condition 3.5 below;  
 
Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.4 below;  
 
Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value shall have the same meaning attributed to it in the definition of Collateral Value;  
 
Collateral Valuation Currency means Euro except otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page means if the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, Bloomberg WMCO page unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or if the Collateral Valuation Currency is other than Euro, the relevant screen page 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining the relevant spot exchange rate;  
 
Collateral Valuation Currency Specified Time means if the Collateral Valuation Currency is Euro, 5.30 PM (Paris time) unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or if the Collateral Valuation Currency is other than Euro, the specified time specified 
in the applicable Final Terms for the purpose of determining the relevant spot exchange rate;  
 
Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.1.1 below;  
 
Deliver means, , in respect of any Collateral Asset forming part of a Collateral Assets Entitlement, to deliver, novate, transfer, assign 
or sell, as appropriate, in a manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Collateral Asset (which shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Collateral Asset 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances. Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly;  
 
Disposal Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.5 below;  
 
Disposal Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.5 below;  
 
Dispute Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below;  
 
Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below;  
 
Eligibility Criteria means the eligibility criteria specified in the applicable Final Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants which 
must be met for Collateral Assets to constitute Eligible Collateral Assets; 
  
Eligible Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.4.1 below;  
 
Extension Notice means, with respect to Multiple Issue Collateral Pool, a notice provided by the Issuer as pledgor in order to extend 
the benefit of the pledge agreement to the succeeding Issues or Tranches of Secured Warrants;  
 
External Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.6 below;  
 
Final Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.7 below;

--- Page 637 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
637 
 
Final Required Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below;  
 
First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below;  
 
Haircut means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the percentage amount by which the value of each type of 
Collateral Asset contained in a Collateral Pool is discounted, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the applicable Final Terms may specify one Haircut value per type or class of Collateral Asset;  
 
Liability means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, action, proceeding or other liability whatsoever 
(including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, levies, imposts and other charges) and including any value added tax or 
similar tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis (and Liabilities shall be 
construed accordingly);  
 
Multiple Issue Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.5.2 below;  
 
Non-Realised Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.6 below;  
 
Non-Waived Warrants has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 below;  
 
Owed Amount has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below;  
 
Order of Priority has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below;  
 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.7 below;  
 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.6 below;  
 
Pledge Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.1 below;  
 
Pool Aggregate Final Required Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below;  
 
Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below;  
 
Required Collateral Default has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1 below;  
 
Required Collateral Default Notice means a notice from the Collateral Monitoring Agent to SG Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral 
Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent (as the case may be), specifying that a Required 
Collateral Default has occurred;  
 
Required Collateral Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1 below;  
 
Required Settlement Period has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.6 below;  
 
Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.5 below;  
 
Secured Warrant Acceleration Event has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.1 below;  
 
Secured Warrant Market Value has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.1.2 below;  
 
Secured Parties means the parties referred to in sub-paragraphs (a) to (f) (inclusive) of the definition of Order of Priority (each, a 
Secured Party);  
 
Securities Valuation Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.4 below;  
 
Securities Valuation Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.4 below;  
 
Security Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2.2 below;   
Security Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2.2 below;   
 
Security Trustee has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2.1 below;  
 
Security Trust Deed has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.2.1 below;  
 
Single Issue Collateral Pool has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.5.1 below;  
 
Standard Order of Priority has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.5 below;  
 
Substitute Paying Agency Agreement has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3.6 below;

--- Page 638 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
638 
Substitute Paying Agent has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.3 below;  
 
Type of Collateralisation means MV Collateralisation, NV Collateralisation, Min (MV, NV) Collateralisation or Max (MV, NV) 
Collateralisation as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
 
Undeliverable Collateral Assets has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.8.2 below;  
 
Valuation Point means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Collateral Business Day immediately preceding 
the Issue Date or the relevant Collateral Test Date, as the case may be, or, if a valuation of the relevant Collateral Asset or Secured 
Warrant, as applicable, is not available on such date, the date of the last available valuation of such Collateral Asset or Secured 
Warrant; and 
 
Waived Warrant  has the meaning given to it in Condition 3.2 below.  
 
2. DESCRIPTION OF THE PLEDGE AND THE COLLATERAL ARRANGEMENTS 
 
2.1 Description of the pledge agreement 
 
Each Issue of Secured Warrants will benefit from a pledge agreement which will be governed by the Luxembourg act dated 5 August 
2005 on financial collateral arrangements, as amended (the Collateral Act 2005), concluded between the Issuer, the Collateral 
Custodian and the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, creating security over Collateral Assets contained in 
one or more collateral accounts held by the Issuer with the Collateral Custodian (such accounts together being referred to as the 
Collateral Accounts) in favour of the Security Trustee on behalf of itself and the relevant Warrantholders or directly in favour of the 
relevant Warrantholders as represented by the Security Agent, as the case may be, and, with respect to Multiple Issue Collateral 
Pool, supplemented from time to time by an Extension Notice to extend the benefit of the pledge agreement to other Issues or 
Tranches of Secured Warrants (each a Pledge Agreement). Under each Pledge Agreement, the Issuer will grant first ranking security 
over the Collateral Assets contained in the Collateral Accounts.  
 
2.2 Description of the Security Trustee and the Security Agent 
 
2.2.1 Appointment of the Security Trustee in connection with English Law Warrants 
  
In relation to each Issue of English Law Warrants secured pursuant to a Pledge Agreement, BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services 
Limited, or any substitute or replacement thereof, (the Security Trustee) appointed as pledgee pursuant to such Pledge Agreement 
will enter into a security trust deed governed by English law on behalf of itself and the relevant Warrantholders and the other relevant 
Secured Parties with the Issuer on each Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms (a Security Trust Deed). Under the terms 
of each Security Trust Deed, the Security Trustee will covenant that it will exercise its rights under the relevant Pledge Agreement on 
behalf of and as trustee for the Warrantholders and will declare a trust in favour of the Warrantholders and the other relevant Secured 
Parties over the rights granted to it under the relevant Pledge Agreement.  
 
2.2.2 Appointment of the Security Agent in connection with French Law Warrants 
 
In relation to each Issue of French Law Warrants secured pursuant to a Pledge Agreement, BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services 
Limited, or any substitute or replacement entity thereof, (the Security Agent) is appointed pursuant to such Pledge Agreement as 
agent (Agent des sûretés) of the relevant Warrantholders and the other relevant Secured Parties in order to take, create, manage, 
release and enforce the relevant Pledge Agreement and the security granted directly in favour of the relevant Warrantholders, created 
thereunder in its name and on behalf of the Secured Parties pursuant to article 2328-1 of the French Code Civil. The Security Agent 
and the Issuer will enter into a security agency agreement governed by French law describing, amongst others, the role of the Security 
Agent in relation to each Issue of Secured Warrants (the Security Agency Agreement).  
 
By acquiring and holding French Law Warrants secured pursuant to a Pledge Agreement, Warrantholders of an Issue of such 
Warrants will be deemed to agree and accept the appointment of the Security Agent in respect thereof and will be deemed to have 
notice of the provisions of the relevant Pledge Agreement and the Security Agency Agreement.  
 
 
2.3 Description of the Collateral Arrangements 
 
2.3.1 Collateral Agency Agreement 
 
Pursuant to the terms of a collateral agency agreement (the Collateral Agency Agreement) between, inter alia, the Issuer and 
Societe Generale or any successor thereto acting as collateral agent (the Collateral Agent), the Collateral Agent will calculate on the 
Issue Date of each Issue of Secured Warrants and on each Collateral Test Date thereafter the Collateral Value as set out in these 
Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
2.3.2 Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a collateral monitoring agency agreement (the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement) between, inter 
alia, the Issuer and the Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch acting as collateral monitoring agent or any successor thereto (the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent), the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on each Collateral Test Date, calculate the Collateral Value and 
the Required Collateral Value and verify that the Collateral Test is satisfied.

--- Page 639 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
639 
2.3.3 Collateral Custodian Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a collateral custodian agreement (the Collateral Custodian Agreement) between, inter alia, the Issuer and 
the Bank of New York Mellon S.A/N.V, Luxembourg branch acting as collateral custodian or any successor thereto (the Collateral 
Custodian), the Collateral Custodian will hold the Collateral Accounts opened in its books in the name of the Issuer. 
 
2.3.4 Securities Valuation Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of a securities valuation agency agreement (the Securities Valuation Agency Agreement) between, inter alia, 
the Issuer and, Societe Generale or any successor thereto and, if applicable, any sub-agent of, or any other entity appointed by 
Societe Generale (the Securities Valuation Agent), the Securities Valuation Agent shall, on each Collateral Test Date, calculate one 
market value applicable to each Secured Warrant of such Issue and provide such value to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent. 
 
2.3.5 Disposal Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to a disposal agency agreement concluded with the Issuer, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent and the Collateral 
Custodian. The Bank of New York Mellon, a New York banking corporation, acting through its London Branch, or any successor 
thereto (the Disposal Agent) shall undertake the duties of disposal agent in respect of the Secured Warrants. As such it may dispose 
of all or some of the Collateral Assets on behalf of and only when instructed to do so by the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, 
as the case may be, (the Disposal Agency Agreement). Following receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, the Security Trustee 
or the Security Agent, as the case may be, will enforce the relevant Pledge Agreement relating to the Collateral Pool and instruct the 
Disposal Agent to liquidate or realise the Collateral Assets and to distribute the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share or, in case of 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets, to deliver the Collateral Assets, to the Warrantholders. 
 
2.3.6 Substitute Paying Agency Agreement 
The Issuer has appointed The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch or any successor thereto as substitute paying agent in 
relation to all Secured Warrants (the Substitute Paying Agent) pursuant to the terms of a substitute paying agency agreement between, 
inter alia, the Issuer and the Substitute Paying Agent (the Substitute Paying Agency Agreement). The Substitute Paying Agent 
shall act as agent of the Security Trustee and the Security Agent, as the case may be, for the purposes of assisting with the payment 
of any Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share or the Delivery of any Collateral Assets Entitlement to Warrantholders(if so requested 
by the  Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be), communicating notices to Warrantholders on behalf of the 
Security Trustee  or the Security Agent, as the case may be, and performing any other obligations as set out in these Additional Terms 
and Conditions. 
 
2.3.7 Calculations and determinations 
In relation to each Issue of Secured Warrants, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Securities Valuation Agent 
act solely as agents of the Issuer, and do not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the 
Warrantholders.  
 
All calculations and determinations made in respect of the Secured Warrants by the Collateral Agent, Collateral Monitoring Agent and 
Securities Valuation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Warrantholders and the Security Trustee  or the Security Agent, as the case may be.  
 
Each of the Collateral Agent, Collateral Monitoring Agent and Securities Valuation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate 
any of their obligations and functions to a third party as provided for in the Collateral Agency Agreement, Collateral Monitoring Agency 
Agreement and Securities Valuation Agency Agreement, as applicable. 
 
2.4 Description of the Collateral Assets 
 
2.4.1 Assets held in a Collateral Account and delivered to the Collateral Custodian are referred to as Collateral Assets. The Collateral 
Assets secured pursuant to a Pledge Agreement are referred to as the Collateral Pool.  
 
Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Pool may comprise: 
 
- cash;  
- debt securities (including, but not limited to, government bonds, corporate bonds, covered bonds and asset backed securities); 
- equity securities, shares, units or interests in a fund; and/or 
- any other negotiable financial instruments in book entry-form. 
 
In order to be included in the calculation of the Collateral Value, Collateral Assets must satisfy the Eligibility Criteria specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. Collateral Assets satisfying the relevant Eligibility Criteria are referred to as Eligible Collateral Assets.  
 
The Eligibility Criteria specified in the applicable Final Terms may include limitations on the type of Collateral Assets that may be held, 
the maturity of the Collateral Assets, the liquidity of the Collateral Assets, requirements regarding the jurisdiction of the obligor of the 
Collateral Assets or its guarantor or the credit rating of the obligor of the Collateral Assets or its guarantor and/or any other limitations, 
restrictions and/or requirements concerning the Collateral Assets.  
 
In addition to the Eligibility Criteria, the applicable Final Terms will set out the collateral rules which must be satisfied in order for the 
Collateral Test to be satisfied (the Collateral Rules). The Collateral Rules may include requirements relating to the diversification of 
types of Eligible Collateral Assets, the concentration of the Eligible Collateral Assets, the geographical location of the Eligible Collateral 
Assets or the currency of the Eligible Collateral Assets which may be held in a Collateral Pool and/or any other limitations, restrictions 
and/or requirements concerning the Eligible Collateral Assets contained in the relevant Collateral Pool as may be specified in the

--- Page 640 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
640 
applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Rules relating to a particular Collateral Pool will be satisfied to the 
extent that Eligible Collateral Assets with a Collateral Value at least equal to the Required Collateral Value together satisfy the 
Collateral Rules. 
 
2.4.2 Delegation to Collateral Agent 
 
The Issuer may, pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Agency Agreement, delegate to the Collateral Agent the role of managing 
each Collateral Pool to comply with the requirements of these Additional Terms and Conditions (including, but not limited to, 
compliance with Conditions 3.4 and 3.5). 
 
2.5 Type of Collateral Pool 
 
A Collateral Pool may be either a Single Issue Collateral Pool or a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool, each as further defined below. 
 
2.5.1 Single Issue Collateral Pool 
 
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of an Issue of Secured Warrants specify that the Type of Collateral Pool is “Single Issue 
Collateral Pool”, such Issue of Secured Warrants will be the only Issue of Secured Warrants to be secured by the relevant Collateral 
Pool (a Single Issue Collateral Pool).  
 
2.5.2 Multiple Issue Collateral Pool  
 
Where the applicable Final Terms in respect of an Issue of Secured Warrants specify that the Type of Collateral Pool is “Multiple 
Issue Collateral Pool”, such Issue of Secured Warrants may be secured by a Collateral Pool which secures one or more Issues of 
Secured Warrants (a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool).  
 
Each Issue of Secured Warrants secured pursuant to a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool must (i) be subject to the same governing law, 
(ii) be subject to the same method of distribution of Collateral Assets following enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement (i.e. 
exclusively either subject to "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" or not subject to "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets"), (iii) be 
subject to the same Eligibility Criteria and Collateral Rules, (iv) be subject to the same Haircut value(s) for each type or class of 
Eligible Collateral Assets, and (v) have the same Collateral Test Dates. 
 
In case of Multiple Issue Collateral Pool, following enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement, all Issues of Secured Warrants 
secured on such Collateral Pool will share in the distribution of the proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets constituting such 
Collateral Pool or Warrants or, where the clause "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, in the delivery of the Collateral Assets contained in such Collateral Pool.  
 
Warrantholders acquiring and holding Secured Warrants in relation to a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool will be deemed to acknowledge, 
accept and agree to the rights of existing and future Warrantholders of different Issues of Secured Warrants to share equally in the 
security created over the Collateral Assets in the Multiple Issue Collateral Pool. 
 
 
2.6 Segregation between Collateral Pools, Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
 
2.6.1 Limited Recourse against the Issuer  
 
By acquiring and holding Secured Warrants, Warrantholders will be deemed to acknowledge and agree that the obligations of the 
Issuer to the Warrantholders are limited in recourse to the Collateral Assets contained in the relevant Collateral Pool securing such 
Issues of Secured Warrants both in the case of a Single Issue Collateral Pool and a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool.  
 
If: 
 
  (a) there are no remaining Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool which are capable of being realised or otherwise converted 
into cash; 
 
  (b) all amounts available from the relevant Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool have been applied to meet or provide for 
the relevant obligations specified in, and in accordance with, the provisions of the relevant Pledge Agreement and these Additional 
Terms and Conditions; and  
 
  (c) there are insufficient amounts available from the relevant Collateral Assets in the relevant Collateral Pool to pay in full, in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Pledge Agreement and these Additional Terms and Conditions, amounts outstanding 
under the Secured Warrants. 
 
then the Warrantholders of such Secured Warrants shall have no further claim against the Issuer in respect of any amounts owed to 
them which remain unpaid being clarified that the Warrantholders will continue to be entitled to make a claim to the Guarantor under 
the terms of the Guarantee for any unpaid amounts. 
 
2.6.2 Segregation between Collateral Pools

--- Page 641 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
641 
A Warrantholder shall not be entitled to have recourse to the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Pool other than if such 
Collateral Pool secures the Warrants held by such Warrantholder.  
 
2.6.3 Non-petition 
 
By acquiring and holding Secured Warrants, Warrantholders will be deemed to acknowledge and agree that they will not take any 
steps or initiate proceedings to procure the winding-up, administration or liquidation (or any other analogous proceeding) of the Issuer. 
 
2.7 Hedging of Issuer’s obligations 
 
The Issuer may hedge its obligations in relation to an Issue of Secured Warrants in a number of different ways, including by entering 
into repurchase agreements (Repurchase Agreements) or swap agreements (Swap Agreements) or any other agreements (any 
Repurchase Agreement, Swap Agreement or any other such agreement being a Hedging Agreement) with a counterparty which 
may be Societe Generale or an affiliate of Societe Generale or such other entities as the Issuer deems appropriate from time to time 
(each such entity being a Counterparty). Such transactions may also include provisions for the transfer to the Issuer of assets which 
may be treated as Collateral Assets by the Issuer and used to fulfil its obligations in relation to the Secured Warrants. If the Hedging 
Agreements provide for the transfer of assets to the Issuer, such transfer shall be made with full title. 
 
A Swap Agreement may be evidenced by a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule together with the confirmation entered into 
by the Issuer and the Counterparty in respect of the relevant Issues of Secured Warrants. If the Counterparty's obligations under the 
Swap Agreement are to be collateralised, the Swap Agreement may be supplemented by a 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Bilateral 
Form-Transfer). 
 
A Repurchase Agreement may be substantially in the form of a 2000 TBMA/ISMA Global Master Repurchase Agreement, a 
"Convention Cadre FBF relative aux opérations de pensions livrées", each as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from 
time to time, or any other agreement having a similar effect.  
 
2.8 Collateral Disruption Events 
 
If the Issuer or the Collateral Agent determines that a Collateral Disruption Event has occurred, the Issuer may redeem or cancel, as 
applicable, all of the relevant Secured Warrants at the Early Termination Settlement Amount following the occurrence of a Collateral 
Disruption Event as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The occurrence of a Collateral Disruption Event will not constitute an Event of Default. 
 
3. COLLATERALISATION OF SECURED WARRANTS 
 
3.1 Valuation of Collateral and Secured Warrants 
 
In order to ensure that an Issue of Secured Warrants is collateralised in accordance with its terms, the Collateral Value and the 
Secured Warrant Market Value of each Issue of Secured Warrants secured by such Collateral Pool will each be tested on the Issue 
Date of such Issue of Secured Warrants and on each Collateral Test Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
3.1.1 Valuation of Collateral  
 
The Collateral Value and the Secured Warrant Market Value will be used in order to calculate the Required Collateral Value of Eligible 
Collateral Assets (as further described in Condition 3.3) which must be held in a Collateral Account to secure one or more Issues of 
Secured Warrants.  
 
In relation to each Issue of Secured Warrants, on the Issue Date of such Issue of Secured Warrants and on each Collateral Test Date 
thereafter the Collateral Agent will determine the Collateral Value on the basis of such valuation method or methods as the Collateral 
Agent may determine acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
 
Except if, under the Secured Warrant Provisions of the applicable Final Terms, "Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value" is specified 
as “applicable”, the collateral value means the aggregate market value as of the relevant Valuation Point expressed in the Collateral 
Valuation Currency, of the Eligible Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool, in each case taking into account any Haircut applied in 
relation thereto (the Collateral Value).  
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value" is applicable, the Collateral Value shall be deemed 
to be equal to the aggregate nominal value of the Collateral Assets constituting Eligible Collateral Assets (after taking into account 
any Haircut applied in relation thereto, as further described below) (the Collateral Valuation at Nominal Value) and "Collateral Value" 
shall be construed accordingly throughout these Additional Terms and Conditions.  
 
Where the relevant currency of denomination of a Collateral Asset is other than the Collateral Valuation Currency, the Collateral Agent 
shall convert the value of such Collateral Asset at the relevant spot exchange rate.  
 
If Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency Rate of Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
spot exchange rate shall be the predetermined rate specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Predetermined Collateral Valuation 
Currency Rate of Exchange).

--- Page 642 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
642 
Except if Predetermined Collateral Valuation Currency Rate of Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant spot exchange rate shall be the rate displayed on the Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page at the Collateral Valuation 
Currency Specified Time or, if no such Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page is specified in the applicable Final Terms or such 
Collateral Valuation Currency Screen Page is not available, the relevant spot rate shall be the rate determined by the Collateral Agent 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
 
In performing its calculations as described in the section "Verification by Collateral Monitoring Agent" below, the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent will use the same method of valuation of the Collateral Assets and, as the case may be, the relevant Haircut value(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3.1.2  Valuation of Secured Warrants 
 
On each Collateral Test Date for each Issue of Secured Warrants in relation to which MV Collateralisation, Min (MV, NV) 
Collateralisation or Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation is applicable as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Securities Valuation 
Agent will calculate the market value applicable to each Secured Warrant of such Issue of Secured Warrants as of the Valuation Point 
on the basis of such valuation method as the Securities Valuation Agent may, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and in accordance with the terms of the Securities Valuation Agency Agreement, determine (the Secured Warrant Market 
Value). The Securities Valuation Agent will provide such value to the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Secured Warrant Market Value determined by the Securities Valuation Agent may differ from the 
Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 5.5 of the General Terms and Conditions of the 
Warrants and from the price proposed, as the case may be, by Societe Generale or any affiliates or any other entities acting as market 
maker on the secondary market for a Warrant. 
 
When NV Collateralisation is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation in the applicable Final Terms, the value of the Secured 
Warrants shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate nominal value of the Secured Warrants. 
 
3.2 Waiver of Rights to Collateral Assets 
 
If "Waiver of Rights" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, certain Warrantholders intending to hold Secured 
Warrants (including but not limited to, in their capacity as a market maker) may waive their rights by written notice to receive the 
proceeds of realisation of the Collateral Assets securing such Issues of Secured Warrants, (or where Physical Delivery of Collateral 
Assets is specified as applicable in the applicable final terms, delivery of the Collateral Assets) following the enforcement of the 
relevant Pledge Agreement (any such Secured Warrants being Waived Warrants).  
 
Holders of Waived Warrants are deemed to waive their rights to give written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor that the Waived 
Warrants are immediately due and repayable at their Early Termination Settlement Amount on the occurrence of an Event of Default 
following the delivery of a Required Collateral Default Notice (as described below). As a consequence, when calculating the Required 
Collateral Value in accordance with the provisions described below, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall 
only take into account the value of the Secured Warrants that have not been subject to such waiver (any such Warrants being Non-
Waived Warrants). 
Each holder of Waived Warrants shall be required to (i) inform by written notice and, upon request from the Collateral Agent, provide 
evidence to, the Collateral Agent of the number of Waived Warrants that he holds on the Issue Date and on each Collateral Test Date 
and (ii) notify the Collateral Agent following any transfer of Waived Warrants. The Collateral Business Day following such notification 
will be deemed to be a Collateral Test Date and the Collateral Agent shall notify the Issuer and the Collateral Monitoring Agent of the 
same. Notwithstanding the above, all Secured Warrants held by Societe Generale or one or more of its affiliates, including but not 
limited to, in its capacity as market maker, will be deemed to be Waived Warrants, unless otherwise notified in writing by Societe 
Generale or one or more of its affiliates to the Collateral Agent.  
 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, 
as the case may be, shall be responsible for any incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete information relating to the number of Waived 
Warrants relating to any one or more Issues of Secured Warrants that may have been provided to the Collateral Agent by or on behalf 
of any holder of Waived Warrants and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the 
Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, shall be under any duty to verify or otherwise confirm the number of 
Waived Warrants so held. 
 
3.3 Required Collateral Value 
 
The required collateral value will be calculated by the Collateral Agent on the Issue Date and on each relevant Collateral Test Date 
as follows (the Required Collateral Value), except if the applicable Final Terms specify that NV Collateralisation applies as Type of 
Collateralisation, the Collateral Agent will be required to use the Secured Warrant Market Value determined by the Securities Valuation 
Agent in determining the Required Collateral Value: 
 
A.    Single Issue Collateral Pool: 
 
In relation to a Single Issue Collateral Pool, the Required Collateral Value will be determined by the Collateral Agent on the Issue 
Date and on each relevant Collateral Test Date in respect of the relevant Issue of Secured Warrants as follows:

--- Page 643 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
643 
(i)    if "MV Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms relating to an 
Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the product of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage, (b) the 
Secured Warrant Market Value and (c) the number of Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue; 
 
(ii)    if "NV Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms relating to an 
Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the product of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage and (b) 
the total aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue; 
 
(iii)    if "Min (MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the lower of:  
 
        (a)    the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage, (2) the Secured Warrant Market Value and (3) the number of Non-
Waived Warrants in such Issue; or  
 
        (b)    the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage and (2) the total aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived Warrants 
of such Issue; or 
 
(iv)    where "Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the greater of:  
 
       (a)    the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage, (2) the Secured Warrant Market Value and (3) the number of Non-Waived 
Warrants in such Issue; or  
 
       (b)    the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage and (2) the specified proportion of the total aggregate nominal value of 
the Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue. 
 
B.    Multiple Issue Collateral Pool 
 
In relation to a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool, the Required Collateral Value will be determined by the Collateral Agent on the Issue 
Date and on each relevant Collateral Test Date in respect of each Issue of Secured Warrants secured by the relevant Collateral Pool 
as follows: 
 
(i)    if "MV Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms relating to an 
Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the sum of the amounts calculated in respect of each 
Issue of Secured Warrants as follows: the product of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage, (b) the Secured Warrant Market Value and 
(c) the number of Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue; 
 
(ii)    if "NV Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms relating to an 
Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the sum of the amounts calculated in respect of each 
Issue of Secured Warrants as follows the product of (a) the Collateralisation Percentage and (b) the total aggregate nominal value of 
the Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue; 
 
(iii)    if "Min (MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final Terms 
relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the sum of the lower of the amount calculated 
in respect of each Issue of Secured Warrants as follows:  
 
     (a)    the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage, (2) the Secured Warrant Market Value and (3) the number of Non-Waived 
Warrants in such Issue of Secured Warrants; or  
 
     (b)    the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage and (2) the total aggregate nominal value of the Non-Waived Warrants of 
such Issue; or 
 
(iv)    where "Max (MV, NV) Collateralisation" is specified as being the Type of Collateralisation applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants, the Required Collateral Value shall be equal to the sum of the greater of the amount 
calculated in respect of each Issue of Secured Warrants as follows:  
 
    (a)    the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage, (2) the Secured Warrant Market Value and (3) the number value of the 
Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue, or 
 
   (b)   the product of (1) the Collateralisation Percentage and (2) the specified proportion of the total aggregate nominal value of the 
Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue. 
 
C.   Conversion in case Settlement Currency is not the Collateral Valuation Currency 
 
In determining the Required Collateral Value, where the Settlement Currency of any Secured Warrant is other than the Collateral 
Valuation Currency, the Collateral Agent shall convert the Secured Warrant Market Value and/or the nominal value, as the case may 
be, of such Secured Warrant at the relevant spot exchange rate, in accordance with Condition 3.1.1. 
 
D.    Collateralisation Percentage

--- Page 644 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
644 
The collateralisation percentage relating to an Issue of Secured Warrants will be specified in the applicable Final Terms and may be 
a fixed percentage or a percentage determined by applying a predetermined formula (the Collateralisation Percentage). The 
applicable Final Terms may also specify that the Collateralisation Percentage may vary during the term of the Warrants, after a certain 
date, following the occurrence of a trigger event or following a unanimous decision of the Warrantholders. 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Collateralisation Percentage may vary in certain circumstances following a unanimous 
decision of the Warrantholders, to exercise such option, a Warrantholder (or the Representative of the Masse in the case of French 
Law Warrants) shall notify the unanimous decision of the Warrantholders specifying the new Collateralisation Percentage and the 
date of variation of the Collateralisation Percentage, to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 12 of the General Terms and 
Conditions of the Warrants within the notice period specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3.4 Adjustments to Collateral Pool and Collateral Test Notice 
 
On each Collateral Test Date relating to a relevant Issue of Secured Warrants the Collateral Agent will determine whether (i) the 
Collateral Rules applicable to such Collateral Pool are satisfied and (ii) the Collateral Value is greater than or equal to 97 per cent of 
the Required Collateral Value for such Collateral Pool (taking into account any Haircut value(s) to be applied to the Collateral Assets 
and the aggregate value of any Waived Warrants) (both (i) and (ii) above being referred to as the Collateral Test). 
 
When determining whether the Collateral Test is satisfied: 
 
- Collateral Assets for which instructions for the transfer to the relevant Collateral Account have been provided on or before such 
Collateral Test Date will be included; and 
 
- Collateral Assets for which instructions for the removal from the relevant Collateral Account have been provided on or before such 
Collateral Test Date will be excluded, 
 
for the purposes of such determination. 
 
If on a Collateral Test Date the Collateral Agent determines that the Collateral Test is not satisfied for a specific Collateral Pool, the 
Collateral Agent on behalf of the Issuer will select the type and quantity of Collateral Assets to be deposited in the Collateral Account 
(or will select existing Collateral Assets to be replaced with other Collateral Assets), in order that after such adjustment the Collateral 
Test will be satisfied. 
 
If on a Collateral Test Date the Collateral Agent determines that the Collateral Test is satisfied for a specific Collateral Pool and, if on 
such date, the Collateral Value is greater than the Required Collateral Value, the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall be 
entitled to select Collateral Assets to be removed from the Collateral Account (or shall be entitled to select existing Collateral Assets 
to be replaced with other Collateral Assets), provided that after such adjustment the Collateral Test continues to be satisfied.  
 
On each Collateral Business Day, if the Collateral Agent on behalf of the Issuer intends to make adjustments to the Collateral Assets 
held in a Collateral Pool (including, but not limited to, adjustments in order to ensure that the Collateral Test will be satisfied), the 
Collateral Agent will send or cause to be sent a notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Collateral Custodian (copied to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be) specifying the adjustments to be made to such particular Collateral Pool (including 
inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or removed) (the Collateral Test Notice).  
 
3.5 Verification by Collateral Monitoring Agent 
 
If on the relevant Collateral Test Date: 
 
(i)    a Collateral Test Notice has been delivered by the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent determines that the 
Collateral Test will not be satisfied (including after taking into account any adjustments specified in such Collateral Test Notice); or  
 
(ii)    no Collateral Test Notice has been delivered by the Collateral Agent but the Collateral Monitoring Agent has determined the 
Collateral Test will not be satisfied (or will no longer be satisfied) after taking into account any adjustments specified in such Collateral 
Test Notice; 
 
then the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall, on the Collateral Business Day immediately following the relevant Collateral Test Date, 
notify the Collateral Agent in writing providing details of why it considers that the Collateral Test is or will not be satisfied (such notice 
being hereafter referred to as a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice). 
 
Following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, the Collateral Agent will determine whether it is in agreement with the 
contents of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice.  
Should the Collateral Agent agree with the contents of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, the Collateral Agent shall on the Collateral 
Business Day immediately following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice send or cause to be sent a revised Collateral Test 
Notice (a First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice) to the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Collateral Custodian (copied to the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be) specifying the agreed adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool (including inter 
alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or removed) such that the Collateral Test will be satisfied. The 
First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice shall be prepared in the same way and shall provide the same information as is required to 
be included in a Collateral Test Notice.

--- Page 645 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
645 
If the Collateral Agent disputes the contents of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, it shall, on the Collateral Business Day 
immediately following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, notify the Collateral Monitoring Agent of such dispute in writing 
(a Dispute Notice) and the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Collateral Agent shall consult with each other in good faith in an 
attempt to resolve the dispute.  
 
After having (i) disputed the contents of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, (ii) delivered a Dispute Notice in relation thereto and (iii) 
resolved and agreed such dispute with the Collateral Monitoring Agent, the Collateral Agent shall on the Collateral Business Day 
immediately following receipt of a Dispute Notice send or cause to be sent a revised Collateral Test Notice to the Collateral Monitoring 
Agent (a Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice) and the Collateral Custodian (copied to the Issuer and the Guarantor, as 
the case may be) specifying the agreed adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool (including inter alia the type and quantity of 
any Collateral Assets to be deposited and/or removed) such that the Collateral Test will be satisfied. This Second Level Revised 
Collateral Test Notice shall be prepared in the same way and shall provide the same information as is required to be included in a 
Collateral Test Notice 
 
If the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent fail to resolve the dispute by the second Collateral Business Day following 
delivery of the Dispute Notice, then the Collateral Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) shall notify the Collateral Monitoring Agent in writing 
(such notice being a Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice) that it will commence the dispute resolution procedure to determine the 
adjustments (if any) to be made to the Collateral Pool (the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure):  
 
(i)    utilising any calculations, rules or criteria which the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent have agreed are not in 
dispute;  
 
(ii)    if such dispute relates to the satisfaction of the Eligibility Criteria or the Collateral Rules, appointing an independent third person 
(acting as an expert and not as an arbitrator) selected by the Collateral Agent and approved by the Collateral Monitoring Agent (such 
approval not to be unreasonably withheld) to determine whether such Eligibility Criteria and Collateral Rules are satisfied with the 
determination of any such person being final and binding upon the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent; and 
 
(iii)    calculating the value of those Collateral Assets the value of which is in dispute by using reasonable endeavours to seek four 
actual, firm and executable quotations at mid-market for such Collateral Assets with contract sizes approximately equal to the value 
of such Collateral Assets from leading dealers in assets of the type of the Collateral Assets who are committed to trade with the Issuer 
or the Counterparty, which may include Societe Generale, as selected by the Collateral Agent acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, and taking the weighted average of those obtained; provided that if four quotations are not available for a particular Collateral 
Asset, then fewer than four quotations may be used for that Collateral Asset, and if no quotations are available for a particular 
Collateral Asset, then the Collateral Agent’s original calculations will be used for the Collateral Asset. 
 
Following the conclusion of a Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure, the Collateral Agent shall send a notice to the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent and the Collateral Custodian (copied to the Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be), providing the same 
information as is required to be included in a Collateral Test Notice, containing the Collateral Value, the Required Collateral Value 
and any adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool such that the Collateral Test will be satisfied, in each case determined in 
accordance with the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure, as soon as possible but in any event not later than the 30th 
Collateral Business Day following the delivery of the Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice (the Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice). 
A Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice issued following the conclusion of a Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure shall be 
binding on the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent and shall not be subject to further verification by the Collateral 
Monitoring Agent.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of the Collateral Value, the Required Collateral Value and the adjustments to be made 
to a Collateral Pool in accordance with the Collateral Test Dispute Resolution Procedure will not constitute an Event of Default. 
 
3.6 Required Settlement Period 
 
The required period for settlement of the Collateral Assets relating to the adjustments to be made to a Collateral Pool in accordance 
with a Collateral Test Notice, First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice, Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Post Dispute 
Collateral Test Notice, as applicable  (such period the Required Settlement Period) shall be ten (10) Collateral Business Days 
following delivery of a Collateral Test Notice or, where such Collateral Test Notice is followed by a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice, 
ten (10) Collateral Business Days following delivery of the First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice, Second Level Revised Collateral 
Test Notice or Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice, as applicable; provided however that this ten (10) Collateral Business Day period 
may be extended up to a maximum additional period of sixty (60) Collateral Business Days. 
 
   (i)   if the adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool have not been settled as a result of an event beyond the control of the 
Collateral Agent, the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Issuer (including, but not limited to, as a result of a failure or inability of the 
relevant clearing system to clear the relevant Collateral Assets), (an External Event), or  
 
   (ii)   in relation to Collateral Assets for which the regular settlement period is greater than ten (10) Collateral Business Days under 
normal market conditions. 
 
(each of (i) and (ii) above being referred to as a Collateral Settlement Disruption).  
 
During the above additional sixty (60) Collateral Business Day period the Collateral Agent may propose the replacement of the affected 
Collateral Assets by other Collateral Assets complying with the Collateral Rules and the Eligibility Criteria, or propose any other 
relevant measures so that the Collateral Test be satisfied.

--- Page 646 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
646 
 
If at the end of the sixty (60) Collateral Business Day period (i) the External Event(s) continue(s) to exist or (ii) the Collateral Assets 
for which the regular settlement period is greater than ten (10) Collateral Business Days under normal market conditions have not 
been settled, this shall constitute a Collateral Disruption Event. 
 
3.7 Collateral Substitution 
 
If "Collateral Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer (or the Collateral Agent on its 
behalf) may withdraw and/or replace Collateral Assets from any Collateral Account provided that following such adjustment the 
Collateral Test continues to be satisfied. The Issuer (or the Collateral Agent on its behalf) will send or cause to be sent a Collateral 
Test Notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent and the Collateral Custodian (copied to the Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may 
be) specifying the adjustments to be made to the Collateral Pool (including inter alia the type and quantity of any Collateral Assets to 
be deposited and/or removed). The Collateral Business Day immediately following the day on which such Collateral Test Notice is 
given by the Issuer (or the Collateral Agent on its behalf) for the substitution of Collateral Assets as described above will be deemed 
to be a Collateral Test Date. 
 
3.8 Notification of settlement failure 
The Collateral Custodian shall notify the Issuer, the Collateral Agent and the Collateral Monitoring Agent if the settlement of any 
transfer of Collateral Assets has not completed within the common market practice timeframe for settlement of the type of Collateral 
Asset being so transferred. For the avoidance of doubt, such notification shall be taken into account when assessing whether 
settlement has occurred during the Required Settlement Period described above. 
 
4. DEFAULT, ENFORCEMENT AND REALISATION 
 
4.1 Events of Default  
In accordance with Condition 8 of the General Terms and Conditions, Secured Warrants will be subject to: 
 
(i) the same Events of Default as are applicable to Warrants which are not Secured Warrants, and  
 
(ii) an additional Event of Default if  a Required Collateral Default Notice is delivered in relation to a Collateral Pool securing such 
Secured Warrants, meaning that a Required Collateral Default has occurred. 
 
A Required Collateral Default means either: 
 
(A)    following receipt of a Collateral Monitoring Agent Notice which indicates that the Collateral Test is not satisfied (or will not be 
satisfied after taking into account any adjustments specified in a Collateral Test Notice): 
 
   (1)    no First Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Dispute Notice has been sent; or 
 
   (2)    no Second Level Revised Collateral Test Notice or Dispute Resolution Procedure Notice has been sent; or 
 
   (3)    no Post Dispute Collateral Test Notice has been sent, 
in each case on or before the fifth Collateral Business Day following the date on which the Collateral Agent had the obligation to send 
such notice to the Collateral Monitoring Agent; or 
 
(B)    the Issuer or the Collateral Agent (on behalf of the Issuer) fails to deliver the additional necessary Collateral Assets within the 
Required Settlement Period and such failure results in the Collateral Test not being satisfied for five (5) consecutive Collateral 
Business Days following the end of such Required Settlement Period (when determining whether the Collateral Test has been so 
satisfied, only Collateral Assets which have actually been transferred to the relevant Collateral Account shall be taken into account). 
 
Following the occurrence of a Required Collateral Default, the Collateral Monitoring Agent shall send, as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any case within two Collateral Business Days, a notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral Agent, the 
Collateral Custodian, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, specifying that a Required Collateral Default 
has occurred (the Required Collateral Default Notice).  
 
Upon receipt of such Required Collateral Default Notice, the Issuer or failing which the Security Trustee  or the Security Agent, as the 
case may be, shall give notice in accordance with Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions, as soon as reasonably 
practicable to all relevant Warrantholders. 
 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default in relation to an Issue of Secured Warrants, a Warrantholder may give written notice 
to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Security Trustee  or the Security Agent, as the case may be,  that the Warrants held by such 
Warrantholder are immediately due and repayable at their Early Termination Settlement Amount (as defined in the General Terms 
and Conditions) (the delivery of such a notice being hereafter referred to as a Secured Warrant Acceleration Event). 
 
If a Secured Warrant Acceleration Event occurs in relation to one or more Secured Warrants (such Warrants being Accelerated 
Secured Warrants), all Secured Warrants which are secured by the same Collateral Pool as the one securing such Accelerated 
Secured Warrants will also become immediately due and repayable at their Early Termination Settlement Amount. This applies both 
in the case of a Single Issue Collateral Pool and in the case of a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool.

--- Page 647 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
647 
Following the occurrence of a Secured Warrant Acceleration Event, the Issuer or failing which the Security Trustee  or the Security 
Agent, as the case may be, shall give notice in accordance with Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions, as soon as 
reasonably practicable to all relevant Warrantholders of one or more Secured Warrants which are secured by the same Collateral 
Pool as such Warrantholders. 
 
Following the occurrence of a Secured Warrant Acceleration Event in relation to a Secured Warrant, the Pledge Agreement relating 
to the Collateral Pool securing such Issue of Secured Warrants will not become immediately enforceable, but instead Warrantholders 
whose Warrants have become immediately due and repayable in accordance with this Condition 4.1  will initially be entitled to claim 
for any outstanding amounts due to them under the terms of the Guarantee. 
 
If neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor has paid all amounts due to Warrantholders of an Issue of Secured Warrants in relation to 
which a Secured Warrant Acceleration Event has occurred within a period of three (3) Collateral Business Days following notification 
to Warrantholders of the occurrence of such Secured Warrant Acceleration Event, any Warrantholder of such Issue will be entitled to 
send a notice in writing to the Security Trustee  or the Security Agent, as the case may be, requesting that the relevant Pledge 
Agreement be enforced in accordance with the terms thereof (a Collateral Enforcement Notice).  
 
Although the Pledge Agreement relating to a particular Collateral Pool may only be enforced following a failure by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to pay, within the three (3) Collateral Business Days period referred to above the amounts due after the occurrence of a 
Secured Warrant Acceleration Event, the security provided pursuant to the Pledge Agreement remains security granted by the Issuer 
in relation to the Issuer's payment obligations under the Secured Warrants and does not secure the payment obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
 
The Security Trustee  or the Security Agent, as the case may be, shall, following receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, promptly 
give notice of the same to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Collateral Agent, the Collateral Custodian and the other Warrantholders 
whose Warrants are secured on the Collateral Pool in relation to which such Collateral Enforcement Notice relates. 
 
4.2 Enforcement and Realisation of Collateral Assets  
 
Upon receipt of a Collateral Enforcement Notice, the Security Trusteee  or the Security Agent, as the case may be, will enforce the 
relevant Pledge Agreement relating to the relevant Collateral Pool in accordance with the terms thereof and these Additional Terms 
and Conditions (as completed by the applicable Final Terms) and will: 
 
(i)    give instructions to the Disposal Agent to liquidate or realise the Collateral Assets in each Collateral Pool which secures an Issue 
of Secured Warrants in accordance with Condition 4.4 and subsequently distribute the relevant Collateral Enforcement Proceeds 
Share to relevant Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 4.5; or  
 
(ii)    where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, arrange for delivery of the 
relevant Collateral Assets Entitlement to the relevant Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 4.7,  
 
in each case after payment of any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of the Non Waived Warrants 
in accordance with the Order of Priority, (such amounts to be paid either out of the proceeds of such liquidation or realisation of 
Collateral Assets or out of the proceeds transferred by the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition  4.7). 
 
4.3 Enforcement and Realisation by Warrantholders 
 
No Warrantholder, or the Representative of the Masse in the case of French Law Warrants shall be entitled to enforce a Pledge 
Agreement or to proceed directly against the Issuer to enforce the other provisions of a Pledge Agreement unless the Security Trustee  
or the Security Agent, as the case may be, having become bound to enforce or proceed, fails to do so within a reasonable time and 
such failure is continuing or if the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, is prevented from enforcing a Pledge 
Agreement by any court order. 
 
4.4 Method of realisation of Collateral Assets 
 
Subject as may otherwise be provided for in these Additional Terms and Conditions or the applicable Final Terms, the Security Trustee 
or  the Security Agent, as the case may be, or the Disposal Agent  acting on their behalf may sell the Collateral Assets in one single 
tranche or in smaller tranches as it considers appropriate in order to attempt reasonably to maximise the proceeds from such sale. 
The Security Trustee or the Security Agent , as the case maybe, or the Disposal Agent acting on their behalf may affect sales of the 
Collateral Assets (i) on any securities exchange or quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted, (ii) on 
the over-the-counter market or (iii) by entering into any other transactions on exchanges or on the over-the counter market.  
 
In general, the Security Trustee  and the Security Agent shall be able to exercise any right regarding the realisation of the Collateral 
Assets in accordance with article 11 of the Collateral Act 2005 including but not limited to the appropriation of the Collateral Assets at 
their value as determined by the Collateral Agent as at the most recent Collateral Test Date. 
 
Where the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in either case, the Disposal Agent acting on their behalf is required or requested 
to dispose of any Collateral Assets other than on any securities exchange or quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be 
listed or quoted then, in compliance with the relevant provisions of the Collateral Act 2005: 
 
(a)    the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in either case, the Disposal Agent on their behalf shall seek firm bid quotations from 
at least three independent dealers in assets similar in nature to the relevant Collateral Assets (and, for such purpose, it may seek

--- Page 648 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
648 
quotations in respect of such Collateral Assets in their entirety or in respect of designated tranches thereof, as it considers appropriate 
in order to maximise the proceeds of the sale of such Collateral Assets); 
 
(b)    for the purposes of obtaining the quotations referred to in (a) above, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in either case, 
the Disposal Agent on their behalf may itself provide a bid in respect of the relevant Collateral Assets or any tranche thereof; and 
 
(c)    the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in either case, the Disposal Agent on their behalf shall be authorised to accept in 
respect of each relevant tranche or, as applicable, the entirety of the relevant Collateral Assets the highest quotation so obtained 
(which may be a quotation from the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or, in either case, the Disposal Agent on their behalf (when 
providing such quotations themselves, the Security Trustee, the Security Agent or the Disposal Agent shall act in a commercially 
reasonable manner). 
 
4.5 Application and distribution of proceeds of enforcement 
 
Unless "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, in connection with the enforcement of a 
Pledge Agreement, after the realisation and liquidation in full of all the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool in accordance with 
Condition 4.4, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, shall use the proceeds of such realisation and liquidation 
of the Collateral Assets to make payment of any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived 
Warrants in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The net proceeds of realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool following payment of all 
amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance with the Order of Priority 
specified in the applicable Final Terms constitutes the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds from which, the Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent, as the case may be, shall determine the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share in respect of each Secured Warrant 
and shall notify such amounts to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions, as 
applicable.  
 
The Security Trustee, or the Security Agent, as the case may be, will determine the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share in 
respect of an Issue of Secured Warrants, by calculating the pro rata share of the Aggregate Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share 
attributable to each Secured Warrant in such Issue of Secured Warrants. 
 
Where: 
 
Aggregate Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share means, in respect of an Issue of Secured Warrants, the product of the 
Collateral Ratio applicable to such Issue of Secured Warrants and the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds in respect of the Collateral 
Pool which secures such Issue of Secured Warrants. 
 
Collateral Ratio means, in respect of an Issue of Secured Warrants, the amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Final 
Required Collateral Value applicable to such Issue of Secured Warrants divided by the Pool Aggregate Final Required Collateral 
Value applicable to the Collateral Pool which secures such Issue of Secured Warrants. In case of Single Issue Collateral Pool the 
Collateral Ratio shall be 100 per cent and the Aggregate Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Shares shall be equal to the Collateral 
Enforcement Proceeds in respect of such Collateral Pool.  
 
Final Required Collateral Value means the Required Collateral Value for an Issue of Secured Warrants as calculated by the 
Collateral Monitoring Agent at the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of a Collateral Enforcement Notice.  
 
Pool Aggregate Final Required Collateral Value means, in respect of a Multiple Issue Collateral Pool, the aggregate of the Final 
Required Collateral Value of each Issue of Secured Warrants which is secured by such Collateral Pool. Subject as provided below, 
the remaining proceeds from the realisation of the Collateral Assets in a Collateral Pool will then be applied in meeting the claims of 
Warrantholders under the Secured Warrants which are secured by the relevant Collateral Pool (taking into account any amounts 
which have been paid to Warrantholders by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Guarantee) pro rata to the Collateral 
Enforcement Proceeds Share of each such Secured Warrant.  
 
Such claim will be adjusted in accordance with the following rules: 
 
- If the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share for a particular Secured Warrant is greater than the difference between (A) the amount 
due to such Warrantholder, by the Issuer in respect of the Warrants, or by the Guarantor under the terms of the Guarantee and (B) 
any amounts which have been paid to such Warrantholder by the Issuer or the Guarantor in respect of this particular Secured Warrant, 
being the Owed Amount, then such excess amount will not be distributed to such Warrantholder but will be distributed to the Secured 
Parties ranking after the holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
 
- otherwise, if the Collateral Enforcement Proceeds Share for a particular Secured Warrant is lower than, the Owed Amount then, in 
accordance with Condition 2.6.1 above, such Warrantholder shall not be entitled to any further recourse against the Issuer for such 
shortfall amount but may claim any payment of such shortfall amount, from the Guarantor under the terms of the Guarantee. 
 
Order of Priority means the order specified in the applicable Final Terms following which the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, 
as the case may be, shall apply moneys received following enforcement of the relevant Pledge Agreement in accordance with 
Condition 4.2. The Order of Priority may be the Standard Order of Priority (as defined below) or any alternative order between sub-
paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) below, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 649 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
649 
 
(a)    payment or satisfaction of all Liabilities incurred by or payable by the Issuer or Guarantor, in relation to the relevant Secured 
Warrants, to the Security Trustee or the Security Agent or, where applicable, the Disposal Agent and/or Substitute Paying Agent 
(which shall include any taxes required to be paid, the costs of realising any security (including the distribution of enforcement 
proceeds and/or, where Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets is applicable, Delivery of the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the 
Warrantholders of the related Secured Warrants) and the remuneration of the Security Trustee  or the Security Agent or, where 
applicable, the Disposal Agent and/or Substitute Paying Agent); 
 
(b)    payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Custodian by the Issuer; 
 
(c)    payment of any amounts due to be paid or reimbursed to the Collateral Monitoring Agent by the Issuer; 
 
(d)    payment of any amounts due to holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance with Condition 4.2 ; 
 
(e)    pro rata in payment of any amounts owed to the creditors (if any) whose claims have arisen as a result of the creation, operation 
or liquidation of the Collateral Assets (save to the extent that the claims of any such creditor fall within paragraphs (a) to (d) above; 
and; 
 
(f)    payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer;  
 
the Standard Order of Priority means that the Order of Priority shall follow the order (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) specified in the definition 
of Order of Priority above. 
 
4.6 Inability to realise Collateral Assets 
 
If the Security Trustee,  the Security Agent or, in either case, the Disposal Agent acting on their behalf is unable to sell the Collateral 
Assets on any securities exchange or quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted or obtain the three 
quotations required for the sale of one or more Collateral Assets, in each case pursuant to Condition 4.4, for a period of one year from 
the date of the relevant Secured Warrant Acceleration Event (such Collateral Assets being Non-Realised Collateral Assets), then 
in lieu of cash settlement of such Non-Realised Collateral Assets and notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Security Trustee 
or the Security Agent, as the case may be, shall be entitled to Deliver, or procure the Delivery of, such Non-Realised Collateral Assets 
to the relevant Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 4.7 and the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
If Delivery of any Non-Realised Collateral Assets is not possible due to the occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets 
Disruption Event (as defined below) that is continuing for a period of more than 20 Collateral Business Days, the Security Trustee the 
Security Agent or, in either case, the Disposal Agent on their behalf, shall be entitled to either (i) sell such Non-Realised Collateral 
Assets by accepting the first available price for such Non-Realised Collateral Assets or (ii) Deliver such Non-Realised Collateral 
Assets if Delivery subsequently becomes possible.  
 
Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event means any event beyond the control of the Issuer, the Collateral Agent, 
the Substitute Paying Agent, the Disposal Agent, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be,  as a result of which 
the relevant Clearing System cannot Deliver some or all of the Collateral Assets Entitlement required to be delivered pursuant to the 
terms of these Additional Terms and Conditions. 
 
4.7 Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets 
 
If "Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, it means that upon enforcement of a Pledge 
Agreement, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, will not sell, or cause to be sold, the Collateral Assets 
but will instead deliver or cause to be delivered the Collateral Assets Entitlement to each Warrantholder in the manner set out in this 
Condition 4.7 (such delivery being referred as Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets). In such case, following enforcement of a 
Pledge Agreement, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, will determine the Collateral Assets Entitlement 
in respect of each Secured Warrant and shall notify such amounts to the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 12 of the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation of Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent, as the case may be, not to sell or cause to be sold the Collateral Assets shall not apply if (i) there is a Physical Delivery 
of Collateral Assets Disruption Event or (ii) the sale is not made for the purposes of paying any amounts due to the Secured Parties 
ranking prior to the holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Where: 
 
Collateral Assets Entitlement means, for each Non Waived Warrant in an Issue of Secured Warrants, Collateral Assets with a value 
(based on the market valuations of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding 
the delivery of the Collateral Enforcement Notice) equal to (a) the product of (i) the Collateral Ratio applicable to such Issue of Secured 
Warrants and (ii) the Final Collateral Value in respect of the Collateral Pool which secures such Issue of Secured Warrants divided 
by (b) the number of Non-Waived Warrants of such Issue of Secured Warrants ; and 
 
Final Collateral Value means the Collateral Value determined by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date 
immediately preceding the delivery of a Collateral Enforcement Notice less any amounts payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior 
to the holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
 
Subject as provided below, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, will either:

--- Page 650 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
650 
 
   (a)   realise and liquidate sufficient Collateral Assets in accordance with Condition 4.4, to ensure payment of any amounts payable 
to the Secured Parties ranking prior to the holders of Non Waived Warrants in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or 
 
   (b)    upon transfer of sufficient funds by the Warrantholders, pay any such amount payable to the Secured Parties ranking prior to 
the holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
Following such payment, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be,  will notify Warrantholders of the relevant 
Collateral Delivery Date and will Deliver the Collateral Assets Entitlement to the Warrantholders of the Secured Warrants secured by 
the relevant Collateral Pool in accordance with the method of transfer of Collateral Assets specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
subject to the following provisions: 
 
    (c)   If the market value of the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Assets Entitlement (based on the valuations of the market 
value of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery of the Collateral 
Enforcement Notice) for a particular Secured Warrant is greater than the Owed Amount then assets from the Collateral Assets 
Entitlement for a value equal to such excess amount will be liquidated and the proceeds thereof will then be distributed to the Secured 
Parties ranking after the holders of Non-Waived Warrants in accordance with the Order of Priority specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
 
   (d)   otherwise, when the market value of the Collateral Assets contained in a Collateral Assets Entitlement (based on the valuations 
of the market value of such assets by the Collateral Monitoring Agent on the Collateral Test Date immediately preceding the delivery 
of the Collateral Enforcement Notice) for a particular Secured Warrant is lower than the Owed Amount, then, in accordance with 
Condition 2.6.1 such Warrantholder shall not be entitled to any further recourse against the Issuer for such shortfall amount, but may 
claim any payment of such shortfall amount from the Guarantor under the terms of the Guarantee. 
 
4.8 Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event 
 
4.8.1 If, in the opinion of the Substitute Paying Agent, or the  Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be,  Delivery of 
all or some of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement using the method of Delivery specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or such other commercially reasonable manner as the Substitute Paying Agent or the  Security Trustee or the 
Security Agent, as the case may be,  has determined, is not practicable by reason of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption 
Event having occurred and continuing on any Collateral Delivery Date, then such Collateral Delivery Date shall be postponed to the 
first following Collateral Business Day in respect of which there is no such Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event, 
provided that the Substitute Paying Agent or the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be,  may elect to Deliver the 
Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable manner as it may select 
and in such event the Collateral Delivery Date shall be such day as the Substitute Paying Agent or the Security Trustee or the Security 
Agent, as the case may be,  deems appropriate in connection with Delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral 
Assets Entitlement.  
 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event affects some but not all of the Collateral 
Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement due to be delivered to a Warrantholder, the Collateral Delivery Date for those 
Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement which are able to be Delivered will be the Collateral Delivery Date 
on which such Collateral Assets are delivered. 
 
4.8.2 If a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event occurs and is continuing for a period of more than 20 Collateral 
Business Days (or such other period specified in the applicable Final Terms), then in lieu of physical settlement and notwithstanding 
any other provision hereof, the Security Trustee or the Security Agent, as the case may be, , or the Disposal Agent on their behalf, 
shall sell or realise the assets they are unable to deliver (the Undeliverable Collateral Assets) and deliver the proceeds thereof to 
Warrantholders in the manner set out in Conditions 4.4 and 4.5. 
 
4.8.3 If the Security Trustee , the Security Agent, or in either case,  the Disposal Agent on their behalf is unable to either (i) sell the 
Collateral Assets on any securities exchange or quotation service on which the Collateral Assets may be listed or quoted or obtain 
the three quotations required for the sale of the Collateral Assets, in each case pursuant to Condition 4.4 or (ii) Deliver such Collateral 
Assets due to the continuation of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event, for a period of one year from the date of 
the relevant Secured Warrant Acceleration Event, the Security Trustee , the Security Agent  or the Disposal Agent shall be entitled to 
accept the first available price for such Collateral Assets. 
  
The Security Trustee or the Security Agent, or the Substitute Paying Agent on its behalf, shall give notice as soon as practicable to 
the Warrantholders in accordance with Condition 12 of the General Terms and Conditions, as applicable, that a Physical Delivery of 
Collateral Assets Disruption Event has occurred. No Warrantholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Secured 
Warrants in the event of any delay in the Delivery of the Collateral Assets forming part of the Collateral Assets Entitlement due to the 
occurrence of a Physical Delivery of Collateral Assets Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor, the Security Agent  or the Security Trustee. 
 
4.9 Liability of the Security Trustee and the Security Agent  
 
Neither the Security Trustee nor the Security Agent  will, in the absence of negligence, fraud and wilful misconduct, have any liability 
as to the consequence of any enforcement or realisation action and neither will have regard to the effect of such action on individual 
Warrantholders.

--- Page 651 ---
Additional Terms and Conditions for Secured Warrants 
 
 
651 
 
5. REPLACEMENT OF PROGRAMME PARTIES 
 
Each of the Collateral Agency Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agency Agreement, the Collateral Custodian Agreement, the 
Securities Valuation Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement, the Substitute Paying Agency Agreement and the Security 
Agency Agreement  and each relevant Pledge Agreement and Security Trust Deed contain, or will contain, provisions for the 
termination of such agreement and, as the case may be, the removal or replacement of the role of the relevant Collateral Arrangement 
Party appointed thereunder. Any such termination, removal and/or replacement will be effected in accordance with the provisions of 
such agreements and these Additional Terms and Conditions and may be effected without the consent of Warrantholders. No such 
termination or removal shall be effective until a replacement entity has been appointed. The Issuer shall be required to give notice to 
Warrantholders of any such termination, removal and/or replacement in accordance with Condition 12 of the General Terms and 
Conditions, as applicable.  
 
The replacement of the Collateral Custodian may only be effected when certain conditions relating to the substitute Collateral 
Custodian are fulfilled. Such conditions include, but are not limited to a requirement that: (i) the substitute Collateral Custodian is 
incorporated in an Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) member country, (ii) the substitute Collateral 
Custodian is a fully licensed credit institution in Luxembourg, (iii) in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer and the Arranger, the 
substitute Collateral Custodian is able to act as Collateral Custodian and fulfil the obligations and duties expressed to be binding on 
it pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Custodian Agreement and (iv) the substitute Collateral Custodian is chosen from a pre-
established list of entities (including BBH, Citi, HSBC, JP Morgan, Northern Trust, RBC Dexia Investor Services, BP2S, State Street 
or Wells Fargo & Company Inc) or otherwise is a custodial entity of similar repute and good standing.

--- Page 652 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
652 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
 
 
THIS GUARANTEE is made as of 26 June 2023 by Societe Generale (the Guarantor) in favour of the Warrantholders (as defined in 
the General Terms and Conditions of the Warrants).  
 
WHEREAS: 
 
1. SG Issuer and Societe Generale Effekten GmbH (the Issuers) and the Guarantor have entered into a Programme Agreement dated 
4 June 2021, as amended from time to time (the Programme Agreement) with the Dealers named therein under which the Issuer 
proposes from time to time to issue warrants (together the Warrants, such expression to include each Materialised Warrant and each 
Dematerialised Warrant issued by an Issuer (the terms "Materialised Warrants" and "Dematerialised Warrants" having the meaning 
ascribed thereto in the General Terms and Conditions of the French Law Warrants (as set out in the Base Prospectus)) and each 
Definitive Warrant, each Global Warrant, each Uncertificated Warrant and each Registered Warrant issued by the Issuer (each term 
having the meaning ascribed thereto in the General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants (as set out in the Base 
Prospectus));  
 
2. the Issuers have executed a Deed of Covenant (the Deed of Covenant, which expression includes the same as it may be 
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) made as of 4 June 2021 relating to Global Warrants issued by the Issuer 
pursuant to the Programme Agreement;   
 
3. this Guarantee will only apply in relation to Warrants issued on or after the date of this Guarantee;  
 
4. the Issuers and the Guarantor have entered into an Agency Agreement dated 4 June 2021 in relation to the English Law Warrants 
(the Agency Agreement, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to time) 
with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent, the Registrar and other parties named therein. 
 
5. the Issuers and the Guarantor have entered into a French Law Agency Agreement dated 22 February 2021 in relation to the French 
Law Warrants (the French Law Agency Agreement, which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or 
restated from time to time) with the Paying Agent, the Registrar and other parties named therein.  
 
NOW THIS GUARANTEE WITNESSES AS FOLLOWS:  
 
1. Guarantee  
 
The Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees to each Warrantholder to pay any sum or amount payable by the Issuer in 
respect of any Warrant (including any premium or any other amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may become 
payable under  the foregoing), as and when the sum or amount shall become due under any of the foregoing in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the Warrants in the same manner as if such payment was made by the Issuer; provided that (i) in the case of 
any Physical Delivery Warrants in respect of which the relevant guaranteed obligation of the Issuer is an obligation to transfer the 
Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of a Physical Delivery Amount the Guarantor may, in lieu of such transfer, pay a cash amount in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the fair market value (as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner, 
on or about the due date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Asset(s) in respect of the Physical Delivery Amount of the Deliverable 
Asset(s), as the case may be, and (ii) if any payment described above is affected by a Currency Unavailability (as defined in the 
General Terms and Conditions), the Guarantor will be entitled to satisfy its obligations to the relevant Warrantholder by making 
payment in euro or U.S. dollars in accordance with the above mentioned Currency Unavailability provisions of the General Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
All references in this Guarantee to sums or amounts payable by the Issuer shall (if applicable) be to such sums and/or amounts as 
directly reduced, and/or in the case of conversion into equity, as reduced by the amount of such conversion, and/or otherwise modified 
from time to time resulting from the application of a bail-in power by any relevant authority and the provisions of this clause 1 shall be 
construed accordingly. In addition, the obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee can be subject to the application of a bail-in 
power by any relevant authority.  
 
The Guarantor waives all benefits of discussion.  
 
The Guarantor also waives the possibility to raise or assert to the full extent permitted by law any objection of any nature whatsoever 
towards any Warrantholder. In particular, the Guarantor acknowledges that neither the existence, nor the validity, nor the call of the 
Guarantee will be affected, and that it will not be released from its obligations, at no time, in the event that (i) a payment delay, a 
waiver or whatever acceptance would be granted to the Issuer (ii) the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants would be subject to an 
amendment or whatever rider, (iii) the Issuer or the Guarantor would be subject to a merger, division, or in case of disappearance of 
legal or factual ties existing between the Guarantor and the Issuer.  
 
2. Call of the Guarantee  
 
The Guarantee may be called by written notification addressed to the Guarantor by registered letter with an acknowledgement of 
receipt by any authorised person concerned. Any notification made under the Guarantee will be deemed to be received at the date of 
the first presentation of the registered letter with an acknowledgement of receipt.

--- Page 653 ---
Form of Guarantee 
 
653 
All sums due under the Guarantee will be payable in immediately available funds in the currency in which they are due in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Warrants.  
 
3. Term  
 
The Guarantee shall come into force on the date of its signature and continue to produce its effects until no sums or amounts due by 
the Issuer under the Warrants remains payable.  
 
4. Subrogation  
 
Until all amounts which may be payable under the Guarantee have been irrevocably paid in full, the Guarantor shall not, by virtue of 
this Guarantee, be subrogated to any rights of any Warrantholder or claim in competition with the Warrantholders against the Issuer.  
 
5. Status of Guarantee  
 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee constitute direct unconditional unsecured unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor ranking as senior preferred obligations as provided in Article L.613-30-I-3° of the French Code Monétaire et Financier (the 
"Code").  
 
Such Guarantee obligations rank and will rank equally and rateably without any preference or priority among themselves and:  
 
i. pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor outstanding as of the 
date of the entry into force of the law n°2016-1691 dated 9 December 2016 on 11 December 2016 (the Law);  
 
ii. pari passu with all other present or future direct, unconditional, unsecured and senior preferred obligations (as provided for in Article 
L. 613-30-3-I-3° of the Code) of the Guarantor issued after the date of the entry into force of the Law;  
 
iii. junior to all present or future claims of the Guarantor benefiting from the statutorily preferred exceptions; and  
 
iv. senior to all present and future senior non-preferred obligations (as provided for in Article L. 613-30-3-I-4° of the Code) of the 
Guarantor.  
  
6. Stamp duty and registration fees  
 
All stamp duty and registration fees, as well as all taxes, penalties and fees that the Guarantee and its performance may generate, 
will be borne by the Issuer.  
 
7. Governing Law and Jurisdiction  
 
The Guarantee is governed by French law. Any dispute, in particular relating to its validity, its interpretation and its performance, will 
fall under the scope of the Tribunal de Commerce de Paris.  
 
Paris, 26 June 2023

--- Page 654 ---
Description of Societe Générale 
 
654 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE  
 
 
1. STATUTORY AUDITORS  
 
For the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022:  
 
Ernst & Young et Autres  
Member of the French Compagnie nationale des commissaires aux comptes  
Represented by Micha Missakian,  
1/2, place des Saisons, 92400 Courbevoie - Paris-La Défense 1, France  
 
Deloitte & Associés  
Member of the French Compagnie nationale des  commissaires aux comptes 
Represented by Jean-Marc Mickeler,  
6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France.  
 
Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés have no material interest in Societe Generale.  
 
2. INFORMATION ABOUT SOCIETE GENERALE  
 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
3. BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
4. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
5. TREND INFORMATION  
 
Save as disclosed on pages 16 and 17 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document, there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of Societe Generale and its consolidated subsidiaries (taken as a whole) since 31 December 2022.  
 
For information on any known trends regarding Societe Generale, please refer to pages 16, 17, 65 and 66 of the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document and pages 3 to 5 and 31 of the First Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document. 
 
6. PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES  
 
This Base Prospectus does not contain any profit forecast or estimate relating to Societe Generale.  
 
7. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
At the Date of this Base Prospectus, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the Board of Directors 
and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers’ to Societe Generale and their private interests and/or other duties.  
 
8. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Societe Generale is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control.  
 
9. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING SOCIETE GENERALE’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
9.1 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
Save as disclosed on pages 270 and 624 to 627 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document and on pages 42 to 45 of the First 
Amendment to the 2023 Universal Registration Document, for a period covering the last twelve months, there has been no 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to claims or amounts which are material in the context of the issue of Warrants 
thereunder to which Societe Generale is a party nor, to the best of the knowledge and belief of Societe Generale, are there any 
pending or threatened governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to such claims or amounts which are material in the 
context of the issue of Warrants thereunder which would in either case jeopardise the Issuer’s ability to discharge its obligations in 
respect of the Warrants. have significant effects on Societe Generale's, and/or the Group’s financial position of profitability, or 
jeopardise Societe Generale's, and/or the Group’s ability to discharge its obligations in respect of Warrants.

--- Page 655 ---
Description of Societe Générale 
 
655 
See also section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus. 
 
9.2 Significant change in the financial position 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or  performance of Societe Generale and its consolidated subsidiaries 
(taken as a whole) since 31 March 2023. 
 
9.3 Recent Event 
 
The General Meeting of shareholders of Societe Generale was held on 23 May 2023 at Maison de la Mutualité - 24 rue Saint-Victor - 
75005 Paris and was chaired by Mr. Lorenzo Bini Smaghi. 
 
Quorum was established at 53.45% (vs 54.83% in 2022): 
 
•  681 shareholders participated by attending the General Meeting in person at the place where it was held on 23 May 2023; 
•  914 shareholders were represented at the General Meeting on the day it was held by a person other than the Chairman; 
•  11605 shareholders voted online; 
•  2 754 shareholders voted by post;  
•   9 839 shareholders, including 7 244 online, representing 1.01% of the share capital, gave proxy to the Chairman; 
•  A total of 25 793 shareholders were, in accordance with the regulations, present or represented and thus participated in the vote. 
 
The agenda item, with no vote, was an opportunity to present and discuss with shareholders the Group's energy transition plan and 
social and environmental responsibility. 
 
In addition, 13 shareholders sent written questions prior to the General Meeting. The answers were made public before the General 
Meeting on the institutional website. 
 
All the resolutions put forward by the Board of Directors were adopted, in particular:  
•  The 2022 annual company accounts and annual consolidated accounts;  
•  The dividend per share was set at EUR 1.70. It shall traded ex-dividend on 30 May 2023 and paid from 1st June 2023; 
•  The appointment of four directors for 4 years: Mr. Slawomir Krupa, Mrs. Béatrice Cossa-Dumurgier, Mrs. Ulrika Ekman and Mr. 
Benoît de Ruffray;  
•  The compensation policy for the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officers and the Directors;  
•  The components composing the total compensation and the benefits of any kind paid or awarded for the 2022 financial year to the 
Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers;  
•  A favorable opinion was issued on the remuneration paid in 2022 to regulated persons; 
•  The authorisation granted to the Board of Directors to purchase ordinary shares of the Company was renewed for 18 months up 
to 10% of the share capital; 
•  The authorisation for capital increases, enabling the issue of shares in favour of employees within the framework of a company or 
group saving plan, was renewed for 26 months; 
•  The amendments to the By-laws relating to the four-year term limit for Directors elected by employees and the capping at 74 of 
the Chairman’s age limit. 
 
The detailed voting result is available this day on the Company's website in the item "Annual General Meeting". 
 
Board of Directors 
 
Following the four appointments of directors decided by the General Meeting of 23 May 2023, the Board of Directors has the following 
composition: 
•  Mr. Lorenzo Bini Smaghi, Chairman; 
•  Mr. Slawomir Krupa, Director; 
•  Mr. William Connelly, Director ; 
•  Mr. Jérôme Contamine, Director;  
•  Mrs. Béatrice Cossa-Dumurgier, Director ;  
•  Mrs. Diane Côté, Director;  
•  Mrs. Ulrika Ekman, Director; 
•  Mrs. France Houssaye, Director elected by employees; 
•  Mrs. Annette Messemer, Director ; 
•  Mr. Henri Poupart-Lafarge, Director; 
•  Mr Johan Praud, Director elected by employees; 
•  Mrs. Lubomira Rochet, Director;  
•  Mr. Benoît de Ruffray, Director ; 
•  Mrs. Alexandra Schaapveld, Director; 
•  Mr. Sébastien Wetter, Director representing employees shareholders. 
•  Mr. Jean-Bernard Lévy, Non-voting Director (“censeur”). 
 
At the end of the General Meeting of 23 May 2023, on the proposal of the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, the 
Board of Directors unanimously appointed Mr. Slawomir Krupa as Chief Executive Officer. The functions of Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer will continue to be separated in accordance with Article L. 511-58 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.

--- Page 656 ---
Description of Societe Générale 
 
656 
Lorenzo Bini Smaghi, Chairman of the Board of Directors, said: “The Board of Directors expresses its warm gratitude to Frédéric 
Oudéa and to the General Management whose term of office has come to an end. It commends Frédéric Oudéa’s actions during his 
15 years of General Management, during which he demonstrated the Bank’s ability to withstand crises and adapt its business model 
before launching or expanding major strategic initiatives such as the merger of Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord retail banking 
networks in France, the development of Boursorama, the acquisition of LeasePlan by ALD, the joint venture with Alliance Bernstein 
or the exit from Russia.  
 
The entire Board also joins me in warmly congratulating Slawomir Krupa on his appointment as Chief Executive Officer. It will be up 
to him, with the new General Management, to pursue these initiatives and further transform the Group for the greater benefit of its 
shareholders, customers and all its teams respecting its corporate purpose (raison d’être) ‘Building together, with our clients, a better 
and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions’.” 
 
After consulting the Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board of Directors unanimously approved the proposal 
made by the Chief Executive Officer, in compliance with the regulations in force, to appoint Philippe Aymerich and Pierre Palmieri as 
Deputy Chief Executive Officers as of 23 May 2023, as announced in the press release dated 9 March 2023. The Chief Executive 
Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers are effective managers (“dirigeants effectifs”) within the meaning of banking 
regulations (Article L.511-13 of the French Monetary and Financial Code).  
The Board of Directors has adopted the terms and conditions of employment of the new Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief 
Executive Officers. 
The Board of Directors is now made up of 50% women and more than 90% (11/12) independent directors if we exclude from the 
calculations the three directors representing the employees in accordance with paragraph 1 of Article L. 225-23 of the Commercial 
Code, paragraph 2 of Article L. 225-27 of the Commercial Code and the AFEP-MEDEF code. 
 
The Board of Directors held after the General Meeting has decided that, as of 23 May 2023, the Board committees will be composed 
as follows:  
•  Audit and Internal Control Committee: Mrs. Alexandra Schaapveld (chairwoman), Mr. Jérôme Contamine, Mrs. Diane Côté, Mrs. 
Ulrika Ekman and Mr. Sébastien Wetter;  
•  Risk Committee: Mr. William Connelly (chairman), Mrs. Béatrice Cossa Dumurgier as from 2024 and guest during the period, Mrs. 
Diane Côté, Mrs. Ulrika Ekman, Mrs. Annette Messemer and Mrs. Alexandra Schaapveld ; 
•  Compensation Committee: Mr. Jérôme Contamine (chairman), Mr. Benoit de Ruffray, Mrs. France Houssaye and Mrs. Annette 
Messemer; 
•  Nomination and Corporate Governance Committee: Mr. Henri Poupart-Lafarge (chairman), Mr. William Connelly, Mr. Benoit de 
Ruffray and Mrs. Lubomira Rochet. 
 
Biographies  
 
Mr Slawomir KRUPA, born on 18 June 1974, of French and Polish nationalities, is graduated from the Institut d’Études Politiques de 
Paris. he has acquired a 27 years experience in banking, particularly international banking. He joined the Societe Generale group in 
1996 as part of the General Inspection Department. As from 2007, he moved to Corporate and Investment Banking, where he took 
on a range of responsibilities. In 2007, he was Head of Strategy and Development, then Head of Central and Eastern Europe, Middle 
East and Africa (CEEMEA) in 2009 and Deputy Head of Financing in 2012. He was appointed CEO of SG Americas in January 2016. 
In January 2021, he joined the Group’s General Management team as Deputy Chief Executive Officer in charge of Global Banking 
and Investor Solutions. He holds a directorship at Societe Generale FORGE, a French unlisted subsidiary of the Group. Professional 
address : Tours Société Générale, 17, cours Valmy, CS 50318, 92972 La Défense cedex  
 
Ms. Béatrice COSSA-DUMURGIER, born on 14 November 1973, of French nationality, is graduated from École Polytechnique (1997), 
Corps des Ponts et Chaussées (2000), and holds a Master of Science from Massachussetts Institute of Technology (Boston, 2000). 
She began her career at McKinsey in France and the US, before joining the French Ministry of Finance in 2000, first in the Treasury 
Department and later in the Agence des participations de l’État (French State Investment Agency). She joined BNP Paribas Group in 
2004 and held various strategic, operational and executive positions within G100 until 2019, the last being Chief Executive Officer of 
the online brokerage subsidiary and member of Domestic Markets’ Executive Committee. In 2019, she joined BlaBlaCar as Chief 
Operating Officer, CEO of BlaBlaBus and as a member of the Executive Committee. She has been Deputy General Manager 
(employee not corporate officer) of Believe since September 2022. She is also an independent director of Peugeot Invest, SPAC 
Transition and Casino Guichard-Perrachon. Mrs. Béatrice Cossa-Dumurgier has declared to the Board that these last two terms of 
office will end, at the latest, at the General Meetings approving the 2023 financial statements. Professional address : 24 rue Toulouse 
Lautrec - 75017 Paris.  
 
Ms. Ulrika EKMAN, born on 6 October 1962, of American and Swedish nationality, holds a J.D. from the New York University School 
of Law, an M.A. in History from New York University and a B.S. in Foreign Service from Georgetown University. She was a partner in 
the US and international law firm Davis Polk LLP, where she represented clients in complex domestic and cross-border transactions 
across a wide range of sectors, including mergers, acquisitions, spin-offs, disposals and reorganisations (1990-2004). Ulrika Ekman 
was a member of the Management Committee of Greenhill & Co., a leading independent investment bank that provides financial 
advisory services for mergers, acquisitions, restructurings, financing and fundraising to companies, institutions and governments from 
its multiple offices across five continents (2004-2012). She is currently an independent member of the Board of Directors of Greenhill 
& Co., where she chairs the Nomination and Governance Committee and sits on the Compensation Committee. Professional address 
: Tours Société Générale, 17, cours Valmy, CS 50318, 92972 La Défense cedex  
 
Mr Benoît de RUFFRAY, born on 4 June 1966, of French nationality, is graduated from École Polytechnique and École Nationale des 
Ponts et Chaussées, and holds a Master’s degree from Imperial College in London. He began his career in 1990 upon joining the 
Bouygues group. After leading major international projects, he became Head of Latin America in 2001. From 2003 to 2007, he was 
Chief Executive Officer of Dragages Hong Kong, and later, in 2008, Deputy CEO of Bouygues Bâtiment International. He became

--- Page 657 ---
Description of Societe Générale 
 
657 
CEO of Soletanche Freyssinet group (Vinci group) in 2015. Benoît de Ruffray was appointed Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
of Eiffage on 18 January 2016. He has been a Director of Getlink since 27 Avril 2023. Professional address: 3-7 place de l’Europe, 
78140. M. Philippe AYMERICH, born on 12 August 1965, of French nationality, is graduated from France’s École des Hautes Études 
Commerciales (HEC). He joined Societe Generale in 1987, first in the Inspection Division where he performed audit and advisory 
work in a range of areas until 1994, at which time he was appointed Chief Inspector. In 1997, he moved to Societe Generale Corporate 
& Investment Banking where he was appointed Deputy Managing Director of SG Spain, in Madrid. From 1999 until 2004, he served 
in New York, first as Deputy Chief Operating Officer and later, from 2000, as Chief Operating Officer for SG Americas’ Corporate & 
Investment Banking arm. In 2004, he was appointed Head of the Automotive, Chemicals & General Industries Group in the Corporate 
& Institutions Division. In December 2006, he was appointed Deputy Chief Risk Officer for Societe Generale Group. Philippe Aymerich 
was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Crédit du Nord in January 2012. He has been Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Societe 
Generale since May 2018. He has also been director and Chairman of the board of directors of Boursorama and Franfinance, French 
unlisted companies of the Group. Professional address: Tours Société Générale, 17, cours Valmy, CS 50318, 92972 La Défense 
cedex  
 
M. Pierre PALMIERI, born on 11 November 1962, of French nationality, is graduated from the École Supérieure de Commerce in 
Tours. He began his career at Societe Generale Corporate and Investment Banking in 1987 within the Export Finance department 
where he became, in 1989, Head of the finance engineering team. He joined the Agence Internationale’s team in 1994, where he 
created the Commodity Finance global business line. He was appointed Global Head of Structured Commodity Finance in 2001. In 
2006, he created and co-headed the Natural Resources and Energy global business line. He was appointed Deputy Head of Global 
Finance in 2008, became Head of Global Finance in 2012 before widening his scope of responsibilities to the whole Global Banking 
and Advisory activities in 2019. He holds a directorship of Societe Generale Marocaine de Banques, unlisted company of the Group. 
Mr. Pierre Palmieri is proposed for the position of Director of ALD at the General Meeting of this company scheduled on 24 May 2023. 
Professional address: Tours Société Générale, 17, cours Valmy, CS 50318, 92972 La Défense cedex  
 
Declarations  
 
As all other Directors, the new Directors, as well as the Chief Executive Officer and the Deputy Chief Executive Officers have made 
the regulatory declarations on the absence of conflicts of interest and the absence of convictions mentioned on page 158 of the 
Universal Registration Document filed by Societe Generale on 13 March 2023 with the French market authority (AMF) under number 
D.23-0089. 
 
Absence of conflicts of interest 
 
To the best of the Board of Directors’ knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties performed by the Chief 
Executive Officer, the Deputy Chief Executive Officers and the members of the Board of Directors on behalf of Societe Generale and 
any other obligations or private interests.

--- Page 658 ---
Description of SG Issuer 
 
658 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SG ISSUER 
 
1. STATUTORY AUDITORS  
 
For the financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022:  
 
Ernst & Young S.A.  
Member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises du Luxembourg  
represented by Dorian Rigaud 
35E, Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg  
 
Ernst & Young S.A. has no material interest in SG Issuer.  
 
2. INFORMATION ABOUT SG ISSUER  
 
SG Issuer’s legal and commercial name is "SG Issuer".  
SG Issuer is registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under No. B 121.363.  
 
SG Issuer was incorporated on 16 November 2006, for an unlimited duration under the legal name of Societe Generale d’Arbitrages 
et de Participations Luxembourg S.A. (SGAP). The extraordinary shareholder meeting held on 16 April 2012 has changed SGAP’s 
legal name to SG Issuer.  
 
SG Issuer is a financial institution within the meaning of the Luxembourg act dated 5 April 1993 relating to the financial sector, as 
amended.  
 
SG Issuer, whose registered office is located at 16, boulevard Royal L-2449 Luxembourg, is a public limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg. Its telephone number is + 352 27 85 44 40.  
 
There have been no recent events particular to SG Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of the SG Issuer’s 
solvency.  
 
There have been no material changes in SG Issuer’s borrowing and funding structure since the last financial year.  
 
3. BUSINESS OVERVIEW  
 
3.1 Principal activities 
 
The main activity of SG Issuer is the raising of funds via the issuance of securities to institutional and retail investors through 
distributors associated with Societe Generale. The funds raised through the issuance of such securities are subsequently on-lent to 
Societe Generale and other Group members. 
  
3.2 Principal markets  
 
For these activities, SG Issuer has ordinary accounts opened in its name in different countries and currencies. The main ones are: 
EUR, USD, GBP, HKD, CHF and JPY.  
 
Warrants issued by SG Issuer are listed in Paris, Luxembourg, Frankfurt, London, Brussels, Stockholm, Milano, Johannesburg and 
Zurich.  
 
4. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE  
 
SG Issuer is a member of the Group and has no subsidiaries. 
  
A brief description and a simplified organisational chart of the Group is set out on pages 8 to 10 and 28 to 29 of the 2023 Universal 
Registration Document of Societe Generale (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus).  
 
SG Issuer is dependent upon Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. within the Group.  
 
5. TREND INFORMATION  
 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of SG Issuer since 31 December 2022.  
 
SG Issuer expects business for the rest of this business year to continue as it has done so far over the course of 2023.  
 
6. PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES  
 
This Base Prospectus does not contain any profit forecast or estimate relating to SG Issuer.  
 
7. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES

--- Page 659 ---
Description of SG Issuer 
 
659 
7.1 Pursuant to its articles of association, SG Issuer is managed by a board of directors under the supervision of a 
supervisory board  
 
The members of the board of directors are Laurent Simonet, Thierry Bodson, Pascal Jacob, Yves Cacclin, Alexandre Galliche, Estelle 
Stephan Jaspard and Francois Caralp (individually a "Director" and collectively the Board of Directors).  
 
Laurent Simonet, Thierry Bodson, Julien Bouchat, Yves Cacclin, Youenn Le Bris, Estelle Stephan Jaspard and Francois Caralp hold 
full-time management positions within the Societe Generale group.  
 
Name: François Caralp 
Address: 17, cours Valmy, 92897 Paris la Défense 7, France  
Function within SG Issuer: Director  
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of complex wrapper structuring team 
 
Name: Thierry Bodson  
Address: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg  
Function within SG Issuer: Director  
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Corporate Engineer within Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.  
 
Name:  Julien Bouchat 
Address: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg  
Function within SG Issuer: Directors  
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Financial Engineer within Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A.  
 
Name: Yves Cacclin  
Address: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg  
Function within SG Issuer: Chairman of the Board of Directors  
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of Corporate and Investment banking in Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Name:  Youenn Le Bris 
Address: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg  
Function within SG Issuer: Director  
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of Banking operations within Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. 
 
Name: Estelle Stephan Jaspard  
Address: 189, rue d'Aubervilliers 75886 PARIS Cedex 18, France  
Function within SG Issuer: Director  
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of DFIN/MAR/NOR – Accounting Norms, Referentials & Schemes for Market 
activities within Societe Generale  
 
Name: Laurent Simonet 
Address: 17, cours Valmy, 92897 Paris la Défense 7, France  
Function within SG Issuer: Director  
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Global Head Technology & Operations for Collateral Management 
 
The members of the supervisory board are Angelo Bonetti, Laurent Weil, Emanuele Maiocchi and Gregory Claudy (the "Supervisory 
Board").  
 
Angelo Bonetti, Gregory Claudy, Emanuele Maiocchi and Laurent Weil currently hold full-time management positions within the 
Societe Generale group.  
 
Name: Angelo Bonetti 
Address: 17, cours Valmy, 92897 Paris la Défense 7, France  
Function within SG Issuer: Member of the Supervisory Board  
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of Financial Center and Pool 3G 
 
Name: Emanuele Maiocchi  
Address: 11, avenue Emile Reuter, L-2420 Luxembourg  
Function within SG Issuer: Member of the Supervisory Board  
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of Structured Solutions and Leasing Luxembourg  
 
Name: Gregory Claudy  
Address: 225a, rue du Burgknapp, B-6717 Heinstert  
Function within SG Issuer: Member of the Supervisory Board  
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Non-Executive Director of Internaxx Bank S.A., Executive Director of Alitèr Sentio s.à.r.l., 
Executive Director of R Lease S.A.  
 
Name: Laurent Weil  
Address: 17, cours Valmy, 92897 Paris la Défense 7, France  
Function within SG Issuer: Chairman of the Supervisory Board

--- Page 660 ---
Description of SG Issuer 
 
660 
Activities performed outside SG Issuer: Head of the Structuring, Transactions documentation and Projects Team in Europe – within 
the Financial Engineering Department of the Global Market Activities of Societe Generale Investment Bank. 
 
7.2 As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interest between any duties owed to SG Issuer by the members 
of its Board of Directors or the members of its Supervisory Board and their private interests and/or other duties. 
 
8. BOARD PRACTICES  
 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, SG Issuer complies with the corporate governance regime of Luxembourg.  
 
9. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS  
 
Shares of SG Issuer are held at 99.8 per cent. by Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. and at 0.2 
per cent. by Societe Generale. It is a fully consolidated company. 
 
Shareholders meetings are convened in accordance with Luxembourg law.  
 
The annual general meeting of shareholders is held on the penultimate Thursday of March or, if it is not a bank working day in 
Luxembourg, the following day.  
 
Shareholders are entitled to one vote per share. Resolutions proposed at ordinary annual general meetings of shareholders require 
a simple majority of votes cast. Resolutions proposed at extraordinary meetings of shareholders require a two third majority of votes 
cast when the resolution deals with either a modification of the Issuer’s articles of incorporation or the Issuer’s dissolution.  
 
Societe Generale Luxembourg S.A. has renounced to its voting rights on its shares. Societe Generale is the sole shareholder with 
voting rights. 
 
Each time all of the shareholders are present or represented and if they declare being informed of the agenda of the shareholders 
meeting, the shareholders meeting can be held without notification.  
 
SG Issuer is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control.  
 
10. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING SG ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND 
PROFITS AND LOSSES  
 
10.1 Historical financial information  
 
The financial year of SG Issuer runs from 1 January to 31 December.  
See also the section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus.  
 
10.2 Financial Statements  
 
SG Issuer publishes both non-audited interim financial statements and audited annual financial statements. SG Issuer does not 
publish consolidated financial statements. 
 
10.3 Auditing of historical financial information  
 
For the financial year ended on 31 December 2021, the accounts were audited, without qualification, in accordance with international 
financial reporting standards (IFRS).  
 
For the financial year ended on 31 December 2022, the accounts were audited, without qualification, in accordance with IFRS.  
 
10.4 Interim and other financial information  
 
Since the date of its last audited financial statements, SG Issuer has not published any interim or other financial information.  
 
10.5 Legal and arbitration proceedings  
 
There are no governmental, legal or administrative proceedings relating to claims or amounts during the period covering at least 
twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
SG Issuer is aware) which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects on SG Issuer’s financial position.   
 
10.6 Significant change in the financial position  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or  performance of SG Issuer since 31 December 2022. 
 
11. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  
 
11.1 Share capital  
 
The registered issued share capital of SG Issuer is EUR 2,000,400 divided into 50,010 ordinary fully paid up shares of EUR 40 each.

--- Page 661 ---
Description of SG Issuer 
 
661 
 
11.2 Dividends  
 
SG Issuer paid EUR 0 in dividends to its shareholders in the last two years as follows:  
 
Year 
Dividends paid per share (in EUR) 
2023 
0 
2022 
0 
 
11.3 Articles of association  
 
The corporate objects clause described in article 3 of SG Issuer's articles of association provides that, in compliance with the 
applicable laws and regulations, SG Issuer’s purpose is:  
 
- to issue debt securities, bonds, certificates, warrants (option coupons) and other debt securities or acknowledgements of debt or 
financial securities, whether or not accompanied by guarantees, with any type of underlying security including, without limitation, 
corporate stock, any other capital security or security other than capital, index, currency, exchange rate, interest rate, dividend, credit 
risk, fund unit, investment company stock, term deposit, life insurance contract, loan, merchandise, term contract, option, warrant or 
option coupons, allocated or unallocated precious metals, unit of account, basket or any other factor or any other type of underlying 
securities or any combination of the latter;  
 
- to purchase, hold, dispose of, lend, loan or resell, by any means, including in particular the use of trusts, in trust or repurchase, any 
type of assets whatever their names and forms and whether or not accompanied by guarantees, in particular financial instruments 
(financial securities: stocks, fund units, bonds, certificates, warrants or option coupons – or financial contracts: swaps, options or 
other), or any other debt securities, acknowledgements or debts or capital securities;  
 
- to receive or issue money loans (including loans convertible into shares of the Issuer) - within the group of companies to which the 
Issuer belongs – and to supply guarantees in any form (actual guarantees such as pledges, securities, mortgages or other - personal 
guarantees or any other form of guarantee), for their own account, for the account of the group of companies to which the Issuer 
belongs or on behalf of third parties.  
 
SG Issuer may carry out any industrial, commercial, financial, transferable or non-transferable transactions that are connected, directly 
or indirectly, in whole or in part, to its corporate purpose. 
  
SG Issuer may carry out its corporate purpose directly or indirectly in its own name or on behalf of third parties, solely or in association, 
by conducting all transactions so as to favour the aforementioned purpose of the company or that of companies in which it has 
interests.  
 
As a general rule, SG Issuer may take any control or supervisory measures and conduct all transactions that may appear useful to it 
in fulfilling its purpose; SG Issuer may also hold administrative mandates in other companies in Luxembourg or abroad, whether 
remunerated or not.  
 
11.4 Description of the expected financing of the issuer’s activities 
 
SG Issuer finances its activities using the usual sources of funding such as the issuance of securities to institutional and retail 
investors. 
 
12. MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
 
There are no material contracts (other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of SG Issuer’s business) which could result 
in any Group member an obligation or entitlement that is material to SG Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Warrantholders in 
respect of the Warrants.

--- Page 662 ---
Description of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
 
662 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH 
 
1. STATUTORY AUDITORS 
 
For the financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022: 
 
Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Member of the public law institution German Chambers of Auditors  
Franklinstraße 50 
60486 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Deloitte GmbH has no material interest in Societe Generale Effekten GmbH. 
 
2. INFORMATION ABOUT  SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH 
 
Société Générale Effekten GmbH has its registered office in Frankfurt am Main and is entered in the commercial register of Frankfurt 
local court under no. HRB 32283. It came into existence after LT Industriebeteiligungs-Gesellschaft mbH, which was founded on 3 
March 1977, was renamed by resolution of the shareholders’ meeting on 5 October 1990. Société Générale Effekten GmbH was 
founded as a limited liability company (Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung - GmbH) under German law. Société Générale Effekten 
GmbH is the legal and commercial name of the Issuer. Its Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is 529900W18LQJJN6SJ336. 
 
The Issuer acquired the interests in Société Générale Securities Services GmbH (SGSS), Aschheim, and ALD Lease Finanz GmbH 
(hereinafter referred to as "ALD LF"), Hamburg, including its subsidiaries (the Issuer, SGSS and ALD LF together the "SGE Group"), 
with the execution of the purchase agreement on 1 January 2017. Following the aforementioned acquisition the Issuer became the 
parent company of the SGE Group as of 1 January 2017. 
 
The business address and telephone number of the Issuer are: 
 
Société Générale Effekten GmbH 
Neue Mainzer Straße 46-50 
D-60311 Frankfurt am Main  
Tel. 069/71 74 0 
 
The fully paid-in capital stock of Société Générale Effekten GmbH amounts to EUR 26,000. All shares in the Company are held by 
Société Générale.  
 
The website of the Issuer is http://www.sg-zertifikate.de. 
 
3. BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 
The business purpose of the Issuer, as stipulated in its articles of association, is to issue and sell securities and engage in associated 
activities, as well as to purchase, sell, hold and manage its own interests in other companies in Germany and abroad, particularly 
those in the financial and service area generally, but excluding those activities and interests that would require authorization for the 
Issuer itself or would result in the Issuer being classified as a (mixed) financial holding company.  
 
The SGE Group operates in three segments that are managed respectively by SGE, SGSS and ALD LF.  
 
SGE is a wholly owned subsidiary of Société Générale, Frankfurt, which is a branch of Société Générale., Paris. The purpose of the 
Issuer is to issue warrants and certificates that are both sold in their entirety to Société Générale, Paris and Société Générale Option 
Europe. Accordingly, the principal financing of the Issuers’ activities is the sale of Securities to the above mentioned companies of 
the Société Générale Group. In addition, there is a cost agreement (cost-plus-agreement) with Société Générale, Paris and Société 
Générale, Frankfurt under which the personnel and other operational costs of the Issuer are passed on to Société Générale , Paris 
and Société Générale, Frankfurt. 
 
All counterparties are companies of the Société Générale Group (consisting of the parent company Société Générale, Paris and its 
affiliates) (the "SG Group"). Another area in which the Issuer is active is the acquisition and holding and management of equity 
investments. 
 
On November 8, 2018, the SG Group signed an agreement in which Société Générale undertook to acquire Commerzbank AG’s 
Equity Markets and Commodities business (EMC), which includes the issuance and market-making of Flow products ("Flow 
Business") and structured products ("Exotic, Vanilla and Funds Business") and a part of the asset management activities (Asset 
Management Business). SGE was selected as the "target issuer" for the Flow Business segment. 
 
The migration of Flow products to the books of SGE took place on 28/29 March 2020. SGE assumed all rights and obligations of 
Commerzbank AG as the issuer of the transferred securities as of 30 March 2020. The migration necessitated an extension of the 
listing to various other European markets. For further information on the migration of the EMC business please see section "11. 
Material Contracts" below.

--- Page 663 ---
Description of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
 
663 
Due to the introduction of the "European passport" the Issuer can list its products on various stock exchanges in the European Union  
under a valid securities prospectus that has been approved by the competent supervisory authority and passported into the respective 
country. In the event of a listing on a stock exchange in a country that is not a member of the European Union, approval is obtained 
through the corresponding supervisory authority of the respective country. In connection with the acquisition of the Flow Business, 
listings were obtained in a regulated market within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation for the countries of Scandinavia 
(Sweden, Denmark, Finland and Norway) and Western Europe (Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg, France, Spain, Portugal, 
Switzerland and Italy). The Issuer still intends to obtain listings in unregulated stock exchange segments such as over-the-counter 
trading on stock exchanges in Germany. 
 
Following the acquisition by the aforementioned counterparties (Société Générale S.A., Paris and Société Générale Option Europe), 
Société Générale, Paris, still also places offerings with the ultimate buyers in a second step in such a manner that it does not have 
an impact on the economic situation of the Issuer. A total of 25,768 investment products (bonds and certificates) were issued in the 
first half of 2020 (same period previous year: 22,742). In addition, 195,234 leveraged products were issued in 2018 (same period 
previous year:156,217). Thanks to the completed migration, issuance activity was increased by 23.5% compared to the first half of 
2019. The German market accounted for 77% and foreign markets accounted for 23% percent (thereof 36% France; 18% Netherlands; 
16% Sweden and 15% Switzerland) of the increase in the issuance business.  
 
As an independent leasing company not affiliated with any manufacturers, ALD LF is according to the appraisal of the Issuer a 
professional and reliable partner to car dealers. Its aspiration is to promote the independence of car dealerships with its service 
portfolio and to increase the profitability of car dealers. 
 
Together with cooperation partners, in particular the subsidiary Bank Deutsches Kraftfahrzeuggewerbe GmbH (hereinafter referred 
to as "BDK"), Hamburg, car dealerships and their customers are offered financing solutions and services covering all their automotive 
needs. The product range covers all financial products in the dealership: sales financing and leasing, purchase financing and 
insurance that increase the loyalty of the customers to the dealership and thus increase earning opportunities. As a subsidiary of ALD 
LF, BDK also works with several manufacturers and importers together, assuming a portion of the captive business up to and including 
the complete servicing of a manufacturer bank. 
 
All essential sales and processing functions are shown in connection with the provision of services by employees of BDK. Therefore, 
the cooperation partners and customers receive the service for all products from one source.  
 
SGSS is an asset management company as defined under sections 17 and 18 of the Investment Code (Kapitalanlagegesetzbuch, 
KAGB). The business model of SGSS involves the management of investment funds in connection with the so-called Master AMC 
Model as well as the insourcing of fund management from other asset management companies. Direct investments continue to be 
managed. These services are provided primarily to European customers. 
 
4. ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
 
Due to the different business models of individual SGE Group companies, SGE Group management is carried out locally in the 
individual segments and a differentiation is made between the segments "Global Banking and Investor Solutions" (SGE’s warrant and 
certificate business), "Financial Services to Corporates and Retail" (ALD LF’s lending and leasing business), and "Asset Management" 
(SGSS).  
 
The Issuer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Société Générale, Paris, a limited liability company under French law (société anonyme) 
(hereinafter also "Société Générale") and consequently a part of the SG Group. According to its own appraisal, the SG Group, whose 
parent company Société Générale is, is one of the leading financial services groups in Europe.  
 
The principal markets in which the SG Group is operating are France, other European Union countries and the United States.  
 
Service level agreements are in place between the Issuer and Société Générale. Within the scope of these service level agreements 
the Issuer has access to resources of Société Générale, Frankfurt am Main branch, and/or Société Générale, Paris.  
 
The Issuer is dependent on Société Générale. 
 
5. TREND INFORMATION 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
since 31 December 2022. 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 December 2022 to the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH expects business for the rest of this business year to continue as it has done so far over the course 
of 2022. 
 
6. PROFIT FORECASTS OR ESTIMATES 
 
This Base Prospectus does not contain any profit forecast or estimate relating to Societe Generale Effekten GmbH. 
 
7. ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES

--- Page 664 ---
Description of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
 
664 
The managing directors of Société Générale Effekten GmbH are currently Mr. Helmut Höfer and Ms. Nurten Spitzer-Erdogan, 
Frankfurt am Main, Mr. Helmut Höfer, Frankfurt am Main. Ms. Françoise Esnouf entered retirement and was relieved of her position 
as Managing Director of Société Générale Effekten GmbH with effect as of March 31, 2022. 
 
The managing directors of Société Générale Effekten GmbH can be contacted at Société Générale, Frankfurt am Main branch, Neue 
Mainzer Straße 46-50, D-60311 Frankfurt am Main.  
The Company is represented jointly by two managing directors or by one managing director together with an authorized signatory. 
 
The articles of association do not contain any provisions on the appointment of a supervisory board. No supervisory board existed 
during the past financial year. 
 
Provided that the above mentioned persons perform any activities out of the range of the scope of the Issuers activities, these activities 
are not relevant for the Issuer. 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the obligations of the managing directors in respect of Société Générale Effekten 
GmbH and their private interests and other obligations. 
 
The issuer as a capital market-oriented company according to Sec. 264d HGB (German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch, 
"HGB")) has established an audit committee according to Sec. 324 HGB. 
 
The Audit Committee regularly deals with the development of the SGE Group’s financial position, financial performance and cash 
flows. As part of the process of preparing the consolidated financial statements, the shareholders must approve the consolidated 
financial statements. In order to fulfill these duties, the financial statement documents are made available to the Audit Committee. 
The members of the Audit Committee also receive a summary report on SGE’s issuing activities and its accounting once every quarter. 
 
8. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH is a wholly owned subsidiary of Societe Generale S.A., Paris. 
 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH is not aware of any arrangements the operation of which may, at a subsequent date, result in a 
change in control. 
 
9. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
See section "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus. 
 
During the period of the past five financial years, Societe Generale Effekten GmbH did not distribute any dividends. 
 
9.1    Historical financial information 
 
The financial year of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH runs from 1 January to 31 December. 
 
9.2    Financial Statements 
 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH publishes both non-audited interim financial statements and audited annual financial statements. 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH publishes consolidated financial statements.  
 
9.3    Auditing of historical financial information 
 
For the financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022, the accounts were audited, without qualification, in 
accordance with IFRS. 
 
9.4    Interim and other financial information 
 
Since the date of its last audited financial statements, Societe Generale Effekten GmbH has not published any interim or other financial 
information.  
 
9.5    Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
There are no governmental, legal or administrative proceedings relating to claims or amounts during the period covering at least 
twelve months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH is aware) which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on Societe Generale 
Effekten GmbH’s financial position. 
 
9.6    Significant change in the financial position 
 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH since 31 December 2022. 
 
9.7    Recent Events

--- Page 665 ---
Description of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
 
665 
There has been no recent event. 
 
9.8    Description of the expected financing of the Issuer’s activities 
 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH finances its activities using the usual sources of funding of the Societe Generale Group. In particular, 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH entered into a total return swap with its parent company, Societe Generale, to make sure that all 
obligations of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH under the securities are met. 
 
10. MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
 
There are no material contracts (other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH’s 
business) which could result in any Group member an obligation or entitlement that is material to Societe Generale Effekten GmbH’s 
ability to meet its obligations to Warrantholders in respect of the Warrants.

--- Page 666 ---
Description of Societe Generale Indices 
 
666 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SOCIETE GENERALE INDICES ("SGI INDICES”) 
 
SGI Index Linked Warrants are linked to the performance of an index that is composed by Societe Generale or any other legal entity 
belonging to the Societe Generale group (each, an SGI Index and collectively, the SGI Indices).  
 
For the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of the SGI Indices, 
Societe Generale, is included in ESMA’s register of administrators pursuant to Articles 34 and 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
 
The following SGI Indices may be used as underlyings: 
 
- SGMDGPPB Index - SGI Global 85% Progressive Protection Bond Index 
 
- IND1GMAS Index - Global Multi Asset Strategy EUR Index 
 
- IND1BQSI Index - Banor Quality Equity Selection Index 
 
- SGMDPP90 Index - SGI Progressive Protection 90 Index  
 
- SGITEGD Index - SGI European Green Deal Index 
 
- SGIXTLU Index - SGI World Travel and Leisure Index 
 
- SGITGAMA Index - SGI Greener America Ahead Index 
  
- ERIX Index - European Renewable Energy Total Return Index in EUR  
 
- SGIXROBO Index - Rise Of The Robots Index (USD - Net Total Return) 
 
- SGIXOPER Index - SGI Optimised Portfolio Enhanced Risk Allocation Index 
 
- SGMDDP95 Index – SGI Dynamic Protection 95% Index (EUR – Total Return) 
 
- SGMDPP85 Index – SGI ESG 85% Progressive Protection Bond Index (EUR – Total Return) 
 
- SGITEGDA Index - SGI European Green Deal AR 5% Index (EUR – Adjusted Return) 
 
- SGMDMC95 Index - SGI Moorea Sustainable Crescendo 95% Index (EUR – Total Return) 
 
- SGMDMJ22 Index - SGI Multi Asset Janvier 2022 90% Index (EUR - Total Return) 
 
- SGMDROBT Index - SG Rise Of The Robots VT 9 Index (Excess Return - USD) 
 
- SGMDGP85 Index - SGI Global Progressive Protection 85 (SEK – Total Return) 
 
- SGMDTB85 Index - SGI Technology 85% Progressive Protection Bond Index 
 
- SGMDWO9 - SGI Water VT 9 Index (Excess Return - EUR) 
 
- SGMDVE11 - SGI European Value VT 11 Index (Excess Return - EUR) 
 
- SGMDGD9 - SGI European Green Deal VT 9 Index (Excess Return - EUR) 
 
- SGIXINFL Index - SGI Inflation Proxy Index 
 
- SGDEINFL Index - SGI Inflation Proxy Index CNTR 
 
- SGIXFMLY Index - SGI Offices run by families Index 
 
- WOWAX Index - World Water Total Return Index in EUR 
 
- WOWAXPC Index - World Water Price Index in EUR Market Cap Adjusted 
 
 
Index Rules applicable to an SGI Index, used as underlying of an Issue of Warrants will be annexed to the applicable Final Terms. 
 
It should be noted that additional SGI Indices may be used as underlyings following the publication of a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
The rules and the information about the performances of each SGI Index are available on the dedicated website of SGI ( 
http://www.sgindex.com ).

--- Page 667 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
667 
 
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Euroclear France, EUI, Euroclear Sweden, Euroclear Finland, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities 
Oslo), SIX SIS Ltd, Iberclear or Monte Titoli (together, for the purposes of this section, the Clearing Systems) currently in effect. The 
information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuers and the Guarantor 
believe to be reliable. 
 
Such information has been accurately reproduced, and as far as the Issuers and Guarantor are aware and are able to ascertain from 
information published by such Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. 
 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof. 
 
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, 
regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any other party to the Agency 
Agreement, French Law Agency Agreement, EUI Agency Agreement , Swiss Paying Agency Agreement or SEB Agency Agreement 
will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership 
interests in the Warrants held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records 
relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
 
1. BOOK ENTRY SYSTEMS 
 
1.1 Euroclear and Clearstream 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities 
transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders. Euroclear and Clearstream provide various 
services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending 
and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream have established an electronic bridge between their two systems 
across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream customers are world-wide financial institutions, including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, 
banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream is available to other institutions that 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an account holder of either system. 
 
 
1.2 Euroclear France 
 
Euroclear France is a French private limited liability company (société anonyme) which manages account operations and clearing 
activities for the French financial market. Euroclear France is an authorised central securities depositary pursuant to the General 
Regulations (règlement général) of the Autorité des marchés financiers and is acting under the supervision of the Autorité des marchés 
financiers. 
 
Euroclear France holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic 
book-entry transfer between its respective account holders. Euroclear France customers are worldwide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. 
 
1.3  Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (”EUI”)  
 
The EUI Warrants shall be held in uncertificated form in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. Title to the 
EUI Warrants is recorded on the relevant register of corporate securities maintained by EUI, as explained in paragraph 3.1 below. 
 
The address of EUI is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB. 
 
1.4  Euroclear Sweden 
  
Euroclear Sweden AB (Euroclear Sweden) is a Swedish private limited liability company which manages account operations and 
clearing activities for the Swedish financial market. Euroclear Sweden is an authorised central securities depositary pursuant to the 
Swedish Central Securities Depositaries and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (SFS 1998:1479) (Sw. lagen (1998:1479) om  
värdepapperscentraler  och  kontoföring  av  finansiella  instrument) and is acting under the supervision of the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen). Euroclear Sweden is owned by Euroclear S.A.. 
 
For each Warrant issued through Euroclear Sweden, a so called CSD register (Sw. avstämningsregister) (a CSD Register) is created. 
The CSD Register will consist of a number of accounts, one for each Warrantholder in question. Such account is opened by the holder 
in person or by a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) on behalf of the Warrantholder. Title to a registered Warrant is transferred through 
registration in the system operated by Euroclear Sweden (the VPC System). 
 
In conjunction with an issue of Warrants to be registered in the VPC System, the Issuer must engage a financial institution authorised 
by Euroclear Sweden to operate as an issuer agent. The issuer agent is responsible for ensuring that the instructions received from

--- Page 668 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
668 
the Issuer with respect to the issue are duly registered. The issuer agent will be authorised to act on behalf of the Issuer in dealings 
with Euroclear Sweden. 
 
1.5  Euroclear Finland 
  
Euroclear Finland Ltd. is a Finnish private limited liability company which manages account operations and clearing activities for the 
Finnish financial market. Euroclear Finland is an authorised central securities depositary pursuant to the Finnish Act on the Book-
Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fi. Laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta 348/2017), as amended and/or re-
enacted from time to time, and is acting under the supervision of the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority (Fi. Finanssivalvonta). 
Euroclear Finland is owned by Euroclear S.A./N.V. 
 
In order to effect entries in the Finnish book-entry securities system, a Warrantholder or such Warrantholder's nominee must establish 
a book-entry account with a licensed account operator or register its securities through nominee registration. Each book-entry account 
must give the particulars of the account holder and other holders of rights to the book-entries in the account or of the manager of a 
nominee registration who manages the assets in the nominee-registered account, as well as information on the account operator for 
the account. The required information includes the type and number of the book-entry securities registered in the account as well as 
the rights and restrictions pertaining to the account and the book-entries. Any nominee-registered account must be identified when 
making entries in the account. 
 
In conjunction with an issue of Warrants to be registered in the Euroclear Finland System (subject to certain exemptions), the Issuer 
must engage a financial institution authorised by Euroclear Finland to operate as an issuer agent. The issuer agent is responsible for 
ensuring that the instructions received from the Issuer with respect to the issue are duly registered. The issuer agent will be authorised 
to act on behalf of the Issuer in dealing with Euroclear Finland. 
 
1.6 Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) (VPS) is a Norwegian public limited liability company which manages 
account operations and clearing activities for the Norwegian financial market. VPS is an authorised central securities depository 
pursuant to the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act no. 6 of 15 March 2019 (No. Verdipapirsentralloven) and is acting 
under the supervision of the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (No. Finanstilsynet). VPS is owned by Euronext Nordics 
Holding AS.  
 
For each Warrant issued through VPS, a so called security register is created. The security register will consist of a number of 
accounts, one for each Warrantholder in question. Such account is opened by the holder in person or by a nominee (No. forvalter) on 
behalf of the Warrantholder. Title to a registered Warrant is transferred through registration in the system operated by VPS (the VPS 
System). 
 
In conjunction with an issue of Warrants to be registered in the VPS System, the Issuer must engage a financial institution authorised 
by VPS to operate as an issuer agent (No. kontofører utsteder). The issuer agent is responsible for ensuring that the instructions 
received from the Issuer with respect to the issue are duly registered. The issuer agent will be authorised to act on behalf of the Issuer 
in dealings with VPS. 
 
1.7  SIX SIS Ltd  
SIX SIS Ltd has been part of SIX Group since January 2008. SIX Group was formed at the beginning of 2008 through the merger of 
SWX Group, SIS Group and Telekurs Group.As both a central securities depository and an international central securities depository 
SIX SIS Ltd offers banks and other financial market participants the safe custody of securities, a full range of custody services and 
the settlement of securities transactions. SIX SIS Ltd settles securities transactions worldwide, including transactions in uncertificated 
securities.In the Swiss market, SIX SIS Ltd is part of the so-called Swiss value chain. The links to SIX Swiss Exchange and the 
payment systems SIC/euroSIC ensure fully automated settlement in central bank money. 
 
1.8  Iberclear   
 
“Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A. Unipersonal" – whose commercial 
name is Iberclear – is a central securities depository governed by the provisions of the Spanish Restated Securities Market Act 
approved by the Royal Decree Law 4/2015, of 23 October and by the EU Regulation 909/2014, of 23 July 2014, on improving securities 
settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories. 
 
In accordance with these rules, Iberclear carries out two essential functions to ensure the proper functioning of the securities markets: 
 
-         the central deposit or registry function: it is the entity responsible for keeping the register of transferable securities represented 
by book entries; 
-         settlement management: it processes the transfer of securities and cash through the execution of securities transfers and 
dispatch to the agent of cash settlement of payment orders resulting from trades carried out on such securities. 
 
1.9  Monte Titoli       
 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. (Monte Titoli), an Italian limited liability company, is a central securities depository authorised pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) 909/2014.  
 
The securities registered in the electronic book-entry system managed by Monte Titoli are regulated under the Italian Financial Act, 
any implementing regulation and any operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Monte Titoli from time to time.

--- Page 669 ---
Book Entry Clearance Systems 
 
669 
 
Transfer and exchange of the ownership and any other right relating to these securities must only take place through authorised 
intermediaries which are direct or indirect participants to Monte Titoli; accordingly, a Warrantholder (or such Warrantholder's nominee) 
must establish a book-entry account with any such intermediaries. The holder of a security will be the person being shown in the 
records of the relevant intermediary as holder of the securities. 
 
2. TRANSFERS OF WARRANTS REPRESENTED BY REGISTERED GLOBAL WARRANTS 
 
Transfers of any interests in Warrants represented by a Registered Global Warrant will be effected in accordance with the customary 
rules and operating procedures of the relevant Clearing System.  
 
3. CREST AND CREST DEPOSITORY INTERESTS 
 
3.1 EUI or CREST 
 
EUI Warrants will be held in registered uncertificated form in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001, including 
any modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force (the Regulations) and as such are dematerialised and not 
constituted by any physical document of title. The EUI Warrants are participating securities for the purposes of the Regulations. Title 
to the EUI Warrants is recorded on the relevant Operator register of corporate securities. The EUI Agent on behalf of the Issuer shall, 
in relation to the EUI Warrants, maintain a record of uncertificated corporate securities in accordance with the records of Euroclear 
UK & Ireland Limited (EUI or CREST) (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (the Record) and shall procure that the Record is 
regularly updated to reflect the Operator register of corporate securities in accordance with the rules and practices from time to time 
of the Operator. Subject to this requirement, (i) each person who is for the time being shown in the Record as the holder of a particular 
number of EUI Warrants shall be treated by the Issuer and the EUI Agent as the holder of such number of EUI Warrants for all 
purposes (and the expression EUI Warrantholder and related expressions shall be construed accordingly), and (ii) neither the Issuer, 
the Guarantor nor the EUI Agent shall be liable in respect of any act or thing done or omitted to be done by it or on its behalf in reliance 
upon the assumption that the particulars entered in the Record which the EUI Agent maintains are in accordance with particulars 
entered in the Operator register of corporate securities relating to the EUI Warrants. 
 
3.2 CREST Depository Interests 
 
Following their delivery into Euroclear and Clearstream, interests in Warrants may be delivered, held and settled in CREST by means 
of the creation of dematerialised depositary interests representing the interests in the relevant Warrants. 
 
Pursuant to the CREST Reference Manual Securities held in global form by the Common Depositary may be settled through the 
CREST system, and the CREST Depository will issue CREST Depository Interests (CDIs). The CDIs will be independent securities, 
constituted under English law which may be held and transferred through the CREST system. 
 
The CDIs will be created pursuant to and issued on the terms of a deed poll executed by the CREST Depository in favour of the 
holders of the CDIs from time to time (the CREST Deed Poll).Prospective holders of CDIs should note that they will have no rights 
against CRESTCo or its subsidiaries in respect of the underlying Warrants, interests therein, or the CDIs representing them. 
 
Interests in the underlying Warrants will be credited to the CREST nominee's account with Euroclear and the CREST nominee will 
hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CDIs to the relevant CREST participants. 
 
Each CDI will be treated as one underlying Warrant, for the purposes of determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable 
in respect thereof. The CREST Depository will pass on to holders of CDIs any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of 
the underlying Warrants on trust for such CDI holder. CDI holders will also be able to receive from the CREST Depository notices of 
meetings of holders of underlying Warrants and other relevant notices issued by the Issuer. 
 
Transfers of interests in underlying Warrants by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream will be effected by 
cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such underlying Warrants to the account of the relevant participant with Euroclear 
or Clearstream. 
 
The CDIs will have the same international security identification number (ISIN) as the underlying Warrants and will not require a 
separate listing on the Official List. 
 
Prospective subscribers for Warrants represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 3 of the CREST Reference Manual which contains 
the form of the CREST Deed Poll to be entered into by the CREST Depository. 
 
The rights of the holders of CDIs will be governed by the arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream and the Issuer 
including the CREST Deed Poll (in the form contained in Chapter 3 of the CREST International Reference Manual (which forms part 
of the CREST Reference Manual)) executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders of 
Warrants which are not represented by CDIs.

--- Page 670 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
670 
 
SUBSCRIPTION, SALE AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
 
The Dealers have in a programme agreement dated on or about 4 June 2021 (the Programme Agreement which expression includes 
the same as it may be updated or supplemented from time to time), agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which 
they (or any one of them) may from time to time agree to purchase Warrants. Any such agreement will extend to those matters and 
in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Warrants above. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuers have jointly and severally 
agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Warrants under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them 
in connection therewith. 
 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be required to agree, 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Warrants or possesses or distributes the Base Prospectus or any offering material, and 
will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Warrants under the laws 
and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries, and 
none of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefor. 
 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of the Dealers represents that Warrants may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
 
The following selling restrictions may be modified by the relevant Issuer and the relevant purchaser(s) following a change in the 
relevant law, regulation or directive and in certain other circumstances as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
purchaser(s). Any such modification will be set out in the syndication agreement (if applicable) in respect of the relevant Warrants to 
which it is related or in a Supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
 
1.UNITED STATES TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS  
 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Warrants are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any purchase, 
offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Warrants. Warrants previously issued by the relevant Issuer may be subject to different 
selling and transfer restrictions. 
 
Each purchaser of Warrants, or person wishing to transfer an interest in Warrants will be deemed or required, as the case may be, to 
acknowledge, represent and agree as follows: 
 
(a) that it is a Permitted Transferee located outside the United States at the time the buy order for the Warrants was originated and 
continues to be a Permitted Transferee located outside the United States and has not purchased the Warrants for the benefit of any 
person in the United States or any person that is not a Permitted Transferee or entered into any arrangement for the transfer of the 
Warrants to any person in the United States or to any person that is not a Permitted Transferee; 
 
(b) that the Warrants and any Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of 
any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not, at any time, be held by, or on behalf of, persons other than Permitted 
Transferees; 
 
(c) that, if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Warrants or any beneficial interest in the Warrants, it will 
do so only outside the United States in an offshore transaction in compliance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 under the Securities Act to a 
Permitted Transferee; 
 
(d) that Warrants that are not U.S. Exempt Securities will bear a legend to the following effect unless agreed to by the Issuer: 
 
    (i)  if the applicable definition of U.S. Person is Regulation S U.S. Person: 
 
“THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET 
OUT BELOW. 
 
THIS SECURITY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS 
SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, RESOLD, TRADED, PLEDGED, REDEEMED, 
TRANSFERRED OR DELIVERED, IN AN “OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” (AS DEFINED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(REGULATION S)) TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON WHO IS NOT (A) A “U.S. PERSON” MEANING A 
U.S. PERSON AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S (REGULATION S U.S. PERSON), OR AS DEFINED IN PARAGRAPH 7701(a)(30) 
OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 (IFRS U.S. PERSON), (B) A PERSON WHO COMES WITHIN ANY DEFINITION 
OF U.S. PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED OR THE RULES 
THEREUNDER (CFTC RULES) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION. (FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, 
ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A “NON-UNITED STATES PERSON” DEFINED UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7(a)(1)(iv), BUT EXCLUDING, 
FOR PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE PERSONS WHO ARE NOT 
“NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS,” SHALL BE CONSIDERED A U.S. PERSON) AND (C) A "U.S. PERSON" FOR PURPOSES OF 
THE FINAL RULES IMPLEMENTING THE CREDIT RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS OF SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON) (SUCH A PERSON OR ACCOUNT

--- Page 671 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
671 
AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, PERMITTED TRANSFEREES) AND ANY OFFER, SALE, RESALE, TRADE, PLEDGE, REDEMPTION, 
TRANSFER OR DELIVERY MADE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILL NOT BE RECOGNISED. THIS SECURITY OR 
ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED AT ANY TIME BY ANY PERSON THAT IS NOT A 
PERMITTED TRANSFEREE AND ACCORDINGLY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN 
OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS TO PERSONS THAT ARE PERMITTED TRANSFEREES IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S. 
 
BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, EACH PURCHASER WILL BE DEEMED OR REQUIRED, 
AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO HAVE AGREED THAT IT MAY NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN HELD BY IT EXCEPT OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERMITTED 
TRANSFEREE. EACH HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON 
TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. TRANSFERS 
IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE 
TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE. 
 
THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST IN THIS WARRANT TO A PERSON 
THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REDEEM OR TRANSFER ON BEHALF 
OF THE HOLDER ANY WARRANT THAT IS HELD BY A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHERWISE 
SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN VIOLATION OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN. NO PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE ON THE 
AFFECTED WARRANTS FROM THE DATE NOTICE OF THE SALE REQUIREMENT IS SENT TO THE DATE ON WHICH THE 
AFFECTED WARRANTS ARE SOLD. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT A HOLDER OF WARRANTS, OR AN INTEREST 
THEREIN, WHO IS REQUIRED TO SELL WARRANTS, OR WHOSE WARRANTS ARE SOLD ON ITS BEHALF (IN THIS WAY) 
WILL NOT INCUR A SIGNIFICANT LOSS AS A RESULT OF THE NEED FOR THE ISSUER, OR FOR THE TRANSFEROR, TO 
FIND A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILLING TO PURCHASE THE WARRANTS. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY OTHER 
PERSON SHALL BE LIABLE TO A HOLDER FOR ANY SUCH LOSS. 
 
EACH PURCHASER OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A 
LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE WARRANTS FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITORIES. 
 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT 
UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE 
RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR 
SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
 
     (ii)  If the applicable definition of U.S. Person is either Regulation S U.S. Person or IRS U.S. Person: 
 
THIS SECURITY AND ANY GUARANTEE THEREOF HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT), OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT AS SET 
OUT BELOW. 
 
THIS SECURITY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. THIS 
SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, SOLD, RESOLD, TRADED, PLEDGED, REDEEMED, 
TRANSFERRED OR DELIVERED, IN AN “OFFSHORE TRANSACTION” (AS DEFINED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(REGULATION S)) TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON WHO IS NOT (A) A “U.S. PERSON”  MEANING 
AN U.S. PERSON AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S (REGULATION S U.S. PERSON) OR AS DEFINED IN PARAGRAPH 
7701(a)(30) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 (IRS U.S. PERSON), (B) A PERSON WHO COMES WITHIN ANY 
DEFINITION OF U.S. PERSON FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED OR 
THE RULES THEREUNDER (CFTC RULES) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (CFTC). (FOR THE 
AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, ANY PERSON WHO IS NOT A “NON-UNITED STATES PERSON” DEFINED UNDER CFTC RULE 
4.7(a)(1)(iv), BUT EXCLUDING, FOR PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION FOR QUALIFIED ELIGIBLE 
PERSONS WHO ARE NOT “NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS,” SHALL BE CONSIDERED A U.S. PERSON) AND (C) A "U.S. 
PERSON" FOR PURPOSES OF THE FINAL RULES IMPLEMENTING THE CREDIT RISK RETENTION REQUIREMENTS OF 
SECTION 15G OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED (RISK RETENTION U.S. PERSON) (SUCH 
A PERSON OR ACCOUNT AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, PERMITTED TRANSFEREES) AND ANY OFFER, SALE, RESALE, TRADE, 
PLEDGE, REDEMPTION, TRANSFER OR DELIVERY MADE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR 
TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILL NOT BE 
RECOGNISED. THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED AT ANY 
TIME BY ANY PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE AND ACCORDINGLY IS BEING OFFERED AND SOLD 
OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS TO PERSONS THAT ARE PERMITTED TRANSFEREES IN 
RELIANCE ON REGULATION S. 
 
BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS SECURITY OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN, EACH PURCHASER WILL BE DEEMED OR REQUIRED, 
AS THE CASE MAY BE, TO HAVE AGREED THAT IT MAY NOT RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS SECURITY OR ANY 
INTEREST HEREIN HELD BY IT EXCEPT OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION TO A PERMITTED

--- Page 672 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
672 
TRANSFEREE. EACH HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THE WARRANTS AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON 
TO WHOM THIS SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. TRANSFERS 
IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING WILL BE OF NO FORCE OR EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO, AND WILL NOT OPERATE 
TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE. 
 
THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST IN THIS WARRANT TO A PERSON 
THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REDEEM OR TRANSFER ON BEHALF 
OF THE HOLDER ANY WARRANT THAT IS HELD BY A PERSON THAT IS NOT A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE OR OTHERWISE 
SOLD OR TRANSFERRED IN VIOLATION OF THE RESTRICTIONS SET OUT HEREIN. NO PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE ON THE 
AFFECTED WARRANTS FROM THE DATE NOTICE OF THE SALE REQUIREMENT IS SENT TO THE DATE ON WHICH THE 
AFFECTED WARRANTS ARE SOLD. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT A HOLDER OF WARRANTS, OR AN INTEREST 
THEREIN, WHO IS REQUIRED TO SELL WARRANTS, OR WHOSE WARRANTS ARE SOLD ON ITS BEHALF (IN THIS WAY) 
WILL NOT INCUR A SIGNIFICANT LOSS AS A RESULT OF THE NEED FOR THE ISSUER, OR FOR THE TRANSFEROR, TO 
FIND A PERMITTED TRANSFEREE WILLING TO PURCHASE THE WARRANTS. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY OTHER 
PERSON SHALL BE LIABLE TO A HOLDER FOR ANY SUCH LOSS. 
 
EACH PURCHASER OF THIS WARRANT OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A 
LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE WARRANTS FROM ONE OR MORE BOOK-ENTRY DEPOSITORIES. 
 
THIS SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT 
UPON NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF SUCH SECURITIES SENT TO THEIR REGISTERED ADDRESSES, TO MODIFY THE 
RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THIS SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO 
RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. THE HOLDER OF THIS SECURITY SHALL 
BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE HEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR 
SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON THE HOLDER HEREOF AND ALL FUTURE 
HOLDERS OF THIS SECURITY AND ANY INTEREST THEREIN AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
 
(e) that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it 
shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Warrants as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that 
it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements on behalf of each such account;  
 
(f) that the Issuer has the right to refuse to honour the transfer of any interest in the Warrants to a person that is not a Permitted 
Transferee and the Issuer reserves the right to redeem, or transfer on behalf of the holder any Warrant that is held by, or for the 
account or benefit of, any person that is not a Permitted Transferee. No payments will be made on the affected Warrants from the 
date notice of the sale requirement is sent to the date on which the affected Warrants are sold. There can be no assurance that a 
holder of Warrants, or an interest therein, who is required to sell Warrants, or whose Warrants are sold on its behalf (in this way) will 
not incur a significant loss as a result of the need for the Issuer, or for the transferor, to find a Permitted Transferee willing to purchase 
the Warrants. Neither the Issuer nor any other party shall be liable to a holder for any such loss;  
 
(g) that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in the Warrants from one or more book-entry depositories; and 
 
that it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Warrants from it of the representations and resale 
restrictions referred to in the foregoing paragraphs, and include as part of such transaction any legends or other disclosure required 
by such restrictions. 
 
2. SELLING RESTRICTIONS : JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA)  
 
2.1 Australia  
 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the Corporations Act)) in relation 
to the Programme or any Warrants has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC). 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be 
required to represent and agree that unless the relevant Final Terms otherwise provides, it: 
 
(a) has not (directly or indirectly) offered, and will not offer for issue or sale and has not invited and will not invite applications for the 
issue, sale or offers to purchase the Warrants in, to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in 
Australia); and 
 
(b) has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, any prospectus, advertisement or any other offering material 
relating to any Warrants in Australia, 
unless: 
 
(a) the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree or invitee is at least A$500,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, 
disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation otherwise does not require disclosure to investors 
in accordance with Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act;

--- Page 673 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
673 
 
(b) such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives and does not require any document to be lodged with 
ASIC. 
 
2.2 Hong Kong  
 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that: 
 
(a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Warrants (except for Warrants 
which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571) of Hong Kong (SFO)) other than (i) to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result 
in the document being a "prospectus", as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) 
of Hong Kong (CWUMPO) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the CWUMPO; and 
 
(b) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of 
issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Warrants, which is directed at, 
or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Warrants which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong 
Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
 
Due to the Issuer’s internal prohibition, the Warrants the final terms of which specify “Prohibition of Sales to Hong Kong Persons 
other than Natural Persons” as “applicable”, must not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred 
or delivered, directly or indirectly, to, or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a natural person (other than the Issuer, its 
affiliates, distributors or other intermediaries solely for the purpose of the initial distribution of the Warrants to a natural person or to 
assist in the sale or buy-back of Warrants in the secondary market to or from a natural person), and that any offer, sale, resale, pledge, 
redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly or to or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a natural person 
(other than the Issuer, its affiliates, distributors or other intermediaries solely for the purpose of the initial distribution of the Warrants 
to a natural person or to assist in the sale or buy-back of Warrants in the secondary market to or from a natural person)  will not be 
recognized or enforceable. 
 
2.3 The People’s Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that neither it nor any of its affiliates has offered or sold or will offer or sell directly or indirectly any of the Warrants in the 
People's Republic of China (for the purposes of this document, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the PRC) as part of the 
initial distribution of the Warrants, except as permitted by the applicable PRC laws and regulations.  
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC to any person to 
whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC. 
 
The Issuer does not represent that this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms may be lawfully distributed, or that any Warrants may be 
lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer which would permit a public offering of any Warrants or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the Warrants are 
not being offered or sold within the PRC by means of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any other document. Neither this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in the PRC. 
 
2.4 Japan 
 
The Warrants  have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 
1948, as amended, the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and each other purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and will not offer 
or sell any Warrants , directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering 
or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
 
Due to the Issuer’s internal prohibition, the Warrants  the final terms of which specify “Prohibition of Sales to Japan Institutional 
Investors” as “Applicable”,  must not, at any time, be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, to, or for the account or benefit of, a person that is an institutional investor (other than the Issuer (or its subsidiaries 
/ affiliates), Distributors or other intermediaries for initial distribution or secondary market purpose), and that any offer, sale, resale, 
pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly or to or for the account or benefit of, a person that is an institutional 
investor (except to the Issuer (or its subsidiaries / affiliates), Distributors or other intermediaries for initial distribution or secondary 
market purpose) will not be recognized or enforceable. Institutional investor means any non-natural person (including, but not limiting 
to, any corporate body, unincorporated firm, partnership, sole proprietorship, trust, office or other body of legal entity), without regard 
to total assets, income or investments. 
 
2.5 Singapore

--- Page 674 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
674 
 
Neither the Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms nor any other marketing materials relating to the Warrants  have been and 
will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore.  Accordingly, the Warrants  may not be offered or 
sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor may the Base Prospectus or this document and any other 
document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Warrants  be circulated or 
distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
 
Where the Warrants  are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold 
investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to hold investments and each beneficiary of 
which is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities or securities based derivatives contract (each term as defined in the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Warrants  pursuant to an offer under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 
investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to hold investments and each beneficiary of 
which is an individual who is an accredited investor, securities or securities-based derivatives contract (each term as defined in the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six 
months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Warrants  pursuant to an offer under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 
276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; or 
 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
 
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law; or 
 
(4) pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
 
(5) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offer of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivative 
Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
 
Classification under Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001– Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect 
of any Warrants , in connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309(A)(1) of the SFA), that the Warrants  are “capital market products other than prescribed capital markets products” (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
 
Due to the Issuer’s internal prohibition, the Warrants  the final terms of which specify “Prohibition of Sales to Singapore Persons 
other than Natural Persons” as “applicable”, must not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred 
or delivered, directly or indirectly, to, or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a natural person (other than the Issuer, its 
affiliates, distributors or other intermediaries solely for the purpose of the initial distribution of the Warrants to a natural person or to 
assist in the sale or buy-back of Warrants in the secondary market to or from a natural person), and that any offer, sale, resale, pledge, 
redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly or to or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a natural person 
(other than the Issuer, its affiliates, distributors or other intermediaries solely for the purpose of the initial distribution of the Warrants 
to a natural person or to assist in the sale or buy-back of Warrants in the secondary market to or from a natural person) will not be 
recognized or enforceable. 
 
2.6 Korea 
 
The Warrants have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for a public offering in Korea 
under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea. The Warrants  have not been and will not be offered, sold 
or delivered, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea (as defined in the Foreign 
Exchange Transactions Law of Korea and its Enforcement Decree), or to any other person for reoffering, resale or re-delivery, directly 
or indirectly, in Korea or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Korea, except as otherwise permitted by applicable Korean 
laws and regulations.  
 
Each Dealer has undertaken and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to undertake to ensure that 
any securities dealer to which it sells the Warrants confirms that it is purchasing such Warrants as principal and agrees with such 
Dealer that it will comply with the restrictions described above.

--- Page 675 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
675 
2.7 Switzerland  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be 
required or deemed to agree, that it will comply with (i) any laws, regulations or guidelines applicable in Switzerland (as amended 
from time to time) in relation to the marketing, offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Warrants, or the distribution of any marketing or 
offering material in respect of the Warrants, in Switzerland and (ii) the requirements in respect of the distribution of Uncertificated 
SIS Warrants set out in Conditions 1.1.3.3 and 1.2.4.3 of the General Terms and Conditions of the English Law Warrants. 
  
If pursuant to the applicable Final Terms a public offering of the Warrants in Switzerland is not permissible, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in Switzerland, except that it may 
make an offer of such Warrants to the public in Switzerland: 
 
(a) if the final terms in relation to the Warrants specify that an offer of those Warrants may be made other than pursuant to article 
36(1) or article 37 of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services (FinSA) (a Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of 
a prospectus in relation to such Warrants which has been approved by a competent review body under the FinSA or, where 
appropriate, approved by a recognized foreign authority and filed with a competent review body under the FinSA for automatic 
acceptance in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA, provided that (i) the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non-exempt Offer and (ii) any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-
exempt Offer, in accordance with the FinSA, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final 
terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
 
(b) at any time to any investor which is a professional client as defined in the FinSA; 
 
(c) at any time to fewer than 500 investors, subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer;  
 
(d) where the Warrants being offered have a minimum denomination of CHF 100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency); or 
 
(e) at any time in any other circumstances falling within the scope of article 36(1) or article 37 of the FinSA, 
 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (a) to (e) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to article 35 of the FinSA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to article 56 of the FinSA. 
 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression offer of Warrants to the public in relation to any Warrants means any promotion 
and invitation to the public (i.e. to an unlimited number of persons) to acquire Warrants that contains sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the financial instrument itself. 
 
2.8  United States 
 
The Warrants and any guarantee thereof have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities law 
of any state or political sub-division of the United States, and trading in the Warrants has not been approved by the CFTC under the 
CEA. No person has registered and no person will register as a "commodity pool operator" of any Issuer under the CEA and CFTC 
Rules, and no Issuer has been and no Issuer will be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The 
Warrants are being offered and sold in reliance on an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to 
Regulation S. 
 
Accordingly, the Warrants may only be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred in an “offshore transaction” (as defined under 
Regulation S) to or for the account or benefit of a Permitted Transferee. A “Permitted Transferee” means any person who:   
 
(a) is not a U.S. Person; 
 
(b) is not a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC Rule, guidance or order 
proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person who is not a “Non-United States person” defined under 
CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible persons who are 
not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person); 
 
(c) is not a "U.S. person" for purposes of the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 15G of the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) (a Risk Retention U.S. Person). 
 
The Warrants described herein are available only to Permitted Transferees located outside of the United States.  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be 
required to agree, that it will not at any time offer, sell or deliver Warrants, or any interest therein, within the United States or to, or for 
the benefit or account of, persons that are not Permitted Transferees Terms used in this paragraph (unless otherwise defined herein) 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
French Law Warrants, or any interest therein, may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or 
delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee 
and any offer, sale, resale, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States or to or for

--- Page 676 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
676 
the account or benefit of, a person that is not a Permitted Transferee will not be recognised. French Law Warrants may not be legally 
or beneficially owned at any time by any person that is not a Permitted Transferee and accordingly are being offered and sold in 
offshore transactions (as defined in Regulation S) to persons that are Permitted Transferees in reliance on Regulation S. 
 
By its purchase of a Warrant, each purchaser will be deemed or required, as the case may be, to have agreed to the transfer 
restrictions set out in “Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions”. 
 
2.9 Kingdom of Bahrain 
  
Each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, and will not offer any Warrants in Bahrain other than on a private placement basis in compliance with the 
Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006) of the Kingdom of Bahrain (the CBB Law), the Offering 
of Securities Module contained in CBB Rulebook, Volume 6 (the OFS Module) and the regulations promulgated from time to time 
thereunder pursuant to the CBB Law, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are “accredited investors”. For this purpose, an 
“accredited investor” means (i) an individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of  holding financial 
assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000, excluding that person’s principal place of residence; or more; (ii) 
companies, a company, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings which has have financial assets available for 
investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or (iii) a governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national 
monetary authorities, and y or a state organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
funds). 
 
2.10 The Russian Federation  
 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other 
purchaser will be required or deemed to agree that: 
 
- it will not sell the Warrants to any Russian or Belarussian national or any natural person residing in Russia or Belarus, or any legal 
person, entity or body established in Russia or Belarus, where such sale is prohibited by any Sanctions including without limitation, 
pursuant to the Council Regulation (EU) No 833/2014, the Council (EC) No 765/2006 and the Council Regulation (EU) No 269/2014, 
each such regulation, as amended and implemented; and 
- no proceeds from the Warrants issued will be used, directly or indirectly for any purposes forbidden by any any Sanctions including 
without limitation, the Council Regulation (EU) 833/2014, the Council Regulation (EU) 208/2014, the Council Regulation (EC) No 
765/2006 and the Council Regulation (EU) No 269/2014, each such regulation, as amended and implemented.   
 
 
2.11 Taiwan 
  
Unless the Warrants  the Final Terms specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Taiwan Non-Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, the Warrants  
may not be sold, offered or issued to Taiwan investors or in Taiwan unless they are made available, (i) outside Taiwan for purchase 
by Taiwan investors outside Taiwan so long as no solicitation, marketing, selling and distribution or other similar activities (A) take 
place in Taiwan or (B) are in violation of any applicable Taiwan law or regulation; and/or (ii) in Taiwan through bank trust departments, 
licensed securities brokers and/or insurance company investment linked insurance products, and other investors pursuant to the 
Taiwan Rules Governing Offshore Structured Products, the Orders for Foreign Bond Agency Business, the Regulations Governing 
the Scope of Business, Restrictions on Transfer of Beneficiary Rights, Risk Disclosure, Marketing, and Conclusion of Contract by 
Trust Enterprises, and/or the Regulations Governing Banks Conducting Financial Products and Services for High-Asset, and in 
accordance with the conditions or requirements of, any other applicable laws and regulations of Taiwan, and the applicable internal 
guidelines. 
 
The Warrants  the Final Terms of which specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Taiwan Non-Retail Investors” as “Applicable”, may not 
at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, redeemed, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a person that is not a Taiwan Retail Investor and any offer, sale, resale, pledge, redemption, transfer or delivery made, 
directly or indirectly or to or for the account or benefit of, a person that is not a Taiwan Retail Investor will not be recognized or 
enforceable. 
 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression Taiwan Retail Investor means a person who is not a “professional investor” as defined in the applicable Taiwan law or 
regulation; and 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Warrants  to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants . 
 
2.12 United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Finance Centre) 
  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge 
and agree that: 
 
(a) the Warrants to be issued under the Programme have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by 
it in the United Arab Emirates (including the Abu Dhabi Global Market) other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the United 
Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities;

--- Page 677 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
677 
(b) the information contained in this Base Prospectus does not constitute a public offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates in 
accordance with the Commercial Companies Law (Federal Law No. 2 of 2015), the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority 
(the Authority) Board of Directors Decision No. 9/RM of 2016 concerning Mutual Funds Regulations, or the Emirates Securities and 
Commodities Authority Chairman Decision No. 3/RM of 2017 concerning the Promoting and Introducing Regulations, or otherwise 
and is not intended to be a public offer and the information contained in this Base Prospectus is not intended to lead to the conclusion 
of any contract of whatsoever nature within the territory of the United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial 
Centre); 
 
(c) the Warrants to be issued under the Programme and this Base Prospectus have not been and will not be filed, reviewed or 
approved by the United Arab Emirates Central Bank, the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority, the Financial Services 
Regulatory Authority or any other governmental regulatory body or securities exchange; and 
 
(d) the Warrants will only be promoted and marketed on a cross-border basis in to the territory of the United Arab Emirates to “non-
natural Qualified Investors” in compliance with the Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority Chairman Decision No. 3/RM of 
2017 concerning the Promoting and Introducing Regulations which includes (a) an investor who is able to manage their investments 
on their own, namely (i) federal and local government entities or companies wholly-owned by any such entities; (ii) international entities 
and organisations; or (iii) a legal person licensed to undertake a commercial activity in the United Arab Emirates, provided that one 
of such person’s objects is investment, or (b) an investor who is represented by an investment manager licensed by the Authority 
(each a Qualified Investor). 
 
The information in this Base Prospectus may also be provided to investors at their unsolicited and specific request and an investor 
may directly approach the Issuer, the relevant Dealer or the Arranger (as the case may be) in relation to the purchase of the Warrants. 
 
2.13 Dubai International Financial Centre 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Warrants to be issued under the Programme to any person in the Dubai International 
Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
 
(a) an “Exempt offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA); and 
 
(b) made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.1 of the DFSA Markets Rules and who are not 
natural persons. 
 
This Base Prospectus relates to Warrants which are not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the DFSA. The DFSA has 
no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this Base 
Prospectus or any associated documents nor taken steps to verify the information set out in it, and has no responsibility for it.  
 
The Warrants to which this Base Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective 
purchasers of any Warrants offered should conduct their own due diligence on the Warrants. 
 
If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
 
2.14 Thailand 
 
Base Prospectus has not been approved by or filed or registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory 
authority of the Kingdom of Thailand. Accordingly, the Warrants may not be offered or sold, or this Base Prospectus distributed, in 
Thailand nor may be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase in Thailand, whether directly or indirectly, to any 
person in Thailand except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines 
promulgated by the Thai government and regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time 
 
2.15    The United Kingdom 
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a)    the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
  (i)    a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
  (ii)    a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the FSMA) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
  (iii)    not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
 
(b)    the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Warrants.

--- Page 678 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
678 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Warrants 
to the public in the United Kingdom: 
 
(A)    at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(B)    at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or 
(C)    at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
•    the expression "an offer of Warrants" to the public in relation to any Warrants means the communication in any form and by any 
means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Warrants; and  
 
•    the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA.  
 
3. SELLING RESTRICTIONS: JURISDICTIONS WITHIN THE EEA 
 
The selling restrictions below may not be applicable in the context of a public offer, in which case appropriate modifications will be 
made in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
3.1 Prohibition of sales to EEA Investors 
 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies  
-“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”,  
 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area. 
 
or ; 
 
 
- “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Non Retail Investors” as “Applicable”; each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any non-retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
 
When the context requires so, the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants may specify that “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” is “Not Applicable, the Warrants will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any investor in the European 
Economic Area.” when each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms 
in relation thereto to any investor in the European Economic Area. 
  
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
(a)    the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
   (i)    a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
   (ii)    a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
 
   (iii)    not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the Prospectus Regulation); and 
 
(b)    the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Warrants to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Warrants.  
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Warrants specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to 
each Member State of the EEA (each, a Relevant State), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme and each other purchaser will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an

--- Page 679 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
679 
offer of Warrants which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the EEA, except that it may make an offer of such Warrants to the public in that Relevant 
State: 
 
(a) if the Final Terms in relation to the Warrants specify that an offer of those Warrants may be made other than pursuant to Article 
1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Warrants which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that (i) the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer and (ii) any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
 
(b) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation; 
 
(c) at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
 
(d) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
 
provided that no such offer of Warrants referred to in (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression offer of Warrants to the public in relation to any Warrants in any Relevant State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Warrants to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Warrants, as the same may be varied in that Relevant 
State by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State. 
 
3.2    France  
 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations in force regarding the offer, the 
placement or the sale of the Warrants and the distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Warrants. 
 
3.3    Sweden 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Warrants have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, sold or delivered directly 
or indirectly in the Kingdom of Sweden by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with the Swedish Securities Trading Act, 
(SFS 1991:980) (Sw. lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) as amended from time to time. 
 
3.4    Norway 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Warrants have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, sold or delivered 
directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Norway by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with the Norwegian Securities 
Trading Act no. 75 of 29 June 2007 (No. Verdipapirhandelloven) and the Norwegian Securities Trading Regulations (no. 876 of 29 
June 2007 (No.Verdipapirforskriften), as amended from time to time. 
 
In no circumstances may an offer of Warrants denominated in Norwegian Kroner be made in the Norwegian market without the 
Warrants being registered in Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) in dematerialised form or in another 
central securities depository which is properly authorised and recognised by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (No. 
Finansilsynet) as being entitled to register the warrants  pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, to the extent such warrants shall 
be registered, according to the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act no. 6 of 15 March 2019 (No. Verdipapirsentralloven) 
and ancillary regulations.  
 
 
3.5    Finland 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Warrants have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, sold or delivered directly 
or indirectly in Finland by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Fi. 
Arvopaperimarkkinalaki, 746/2012), as amended from time to time and any regulations issued in connection thereto. 
 
3.6    Denmark  
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other Purchaser will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Warrants have not been offered or sold and will not be offered, sold or delivered directly 
or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance with the Danish Capital Markets Act 
(Consolidation Act No. 41 of 13 January 2023 2023) as amended from time to time and any Orders issued thereunder and in

--- Page 680 ---
Subscription, Sale and Transfer Restrictions 
 
680 
compliance with Executive Order No. 191 of 31 January 2022, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, issued 
pursuant to the Danish Consolidated Act no. 406 of 29 March 2022 on Financial Business, as amended. 
 
3.7 Ireland 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme and each other purchaser will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the 
Warrants, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the Warrants, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
 
(i)    the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the MiFID II Regulations), including, 
without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions regarding MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, any codes 
of conduct made under the MiFID II Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
 
(ii)    the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (as amended the Companies Act 2014),  the Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 (as amended) 
and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended); 
 
(iii)    the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules and guidance issued by the 
Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank) under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014; and 
 
(iv)    the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) 2016 (as amended) and any 
rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014, 
 
as each of the foregoing may be amended, restated, varied, supplemented and/or otherwise replaced from time to time.

--- Page 681 ---
General Information 
 
681 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
1. AUTHORISATION 
 
1.1    Societe Generale 
 
No authorisation procedures are required of Societe Generale by French law for the update of the Programme or the giving of the 
guarantees in respect of the Programme. However, to the extent that Warrants issued by Societe Generale under the Programme 
may constitute obligations under French law, the issue of such Warrants will be authorised in accordance with French law. 
 
1.2    SG Issuer 
 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Warrants have been duly authorised by a resolution of the management board of SG 
Issuer dated 27 April 2023. 
 
1.3     Societe Generale Effekten GmbH  
 
No specific resolutions, authorizations or approvals by the Issuer’s corporate bodies are required for the update of the Programme 
and the issue of Warrants under the Programme. 
 
2. CREDIT RATINGS 
 
In respect of SG Issuer: 
 
Unsecured Senior debt of SG Issuer is rated “A” by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: An S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited issue 
credit rating is a forward-looking opinion on a scale of 'AAA' to 'D' about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific 
financial obligation, a specific class of financial obligations, or a specific financial program. 
 
In respect of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH: 
 
Societe Generale Effekten GmbH is not rated. 
 
In respect of Societe Generale: 
 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Societe Generale is rated: 
 
"A" by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited: A long-term senior preferred debt rating at Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited provides an ordinal 
ranking of long-term senior preferred debts of issuers, on a scale of 'AAA' to 'D', based on the agency’s view of their relative 
vulnerability to default, rather than a prediction of a specific percentage likelihood of default. 'A' ratings denote expectations of low 
default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, be more 
vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended 
to a rating to denote relative status within major rating categories.  
 
"A1" by Moody's France S.A.S.: Ratings assigned on Moody’s France S.A.S.'s global long-term and short-term rating scales are 
forward-looking opinions of the relative credit risks of financial obligations issued by financial institutions on a scale of 'Aaa' to 'C'. 
Obligations rated 'A' are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. Moody’s France S.A.S.'s appends 
numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from 'Aa' through 'Caa'. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation 
ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a 
ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category.  
 
"A" by Rating and Investment Information, Inc.: An Issuer Rating is R&I's opinion on an issuer's general capacity to fulfil its financial 
obligations and is, in principle, assigned to all issuers. Ratings are issued on a scale of ‘AAA’ to ‘D’, reflecting R&I’s view on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer. An issuer rated ‘A’ has a high creditworthiness supported by a few excellent factors. 
 
"A" by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: A S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited issue credit rating is a forward-looking opinion 
on a scale of 'AAA' to 'D' about the creditworthiness of an obligor with respect to a specific financial obligation, a specific class of 
financial obligations, or a specific financial program. The opinion reflects S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited's view of the obligor's 
capacity and willingness to meet its financial commitments as they come due, and may assess terms, such as collateral security and 
subordination, which could affect ultimate payment in the event of default. An obligation rated 'A' is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is still strong. The ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by 
the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. 
 
Each of Moody's France S.A.S., Fitch Ratings and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the European Union and is 
registered under the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating- agencies/risk). Rating and Investment Information, Inc. is established in Japan. It has not been registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 682 ---
General Information 
 
682 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
 
3. LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
3.1 Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. Application has also been made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Warrants issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market and the Euro MTF and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Euro MTF is not a regulated 
market within the meaning of MiFID II. 
 
3.2 SIX Swiss Exchange  
 
This Base Prospectus will be filed with SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd (prospectus office) as competent review body under the FinSA 
for automatic acceptance of this Base Prospectus as an issuance prospectus in accordance with article 54(2) of the FinSA. As a 
consequence, Warrants may be offered to the public in Switzerland and/or admitted to trading on a trading venue (SIX Swiss 
Exchange) in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus and any Supplements thereto (if any), together with the applicable Final Terms, will 
constitute the prospectus. 
 
As no application has been made to SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd to accept the Base Prospectus as an "issuance programme" for 
the listing of exchange traded products (ETPs), products which classify as ETPs in accordance with the regulations of SIX Swiss 
Exchange will not be listed as ETPs but as derivatives. 
 
3.3 Other stock exchanges 
 
The Programme provides that Warrants may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other or further stock exchanges 
or markets or quotation systems agreed between an Issuer and that the relevant Dealer and an Issuer may also issue unlisted 
Warrants and/or Warrants not admitted to trading on any market, all as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
4. NOTIFICATION  
 
Each Issuer has requested the CSSF to provide the competent authority of Finland, France, Italy, Norway, Spain, Sweden and The 
Netherlands with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. The CSSF may also be requested to provide the competent authority of any other EEA State with a similar certificate of 
approval. 
 
5. AVAILABILITY OF DOCUMENTS 
 
Copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection during normal business hours from the head office 
of each of Societe Generale, SG Issuer and Societe Generale Effekten GmbH and from the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents for the time being in Luxembourg, New York, Paris and Zurich, in each case at the address given at the end of this Base 
Prospectus: 
 
(a) 
The 
bylaws 
of 
SG 
Issuer 
are 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website: 
https://www.societegenerale.lu/fileadmin/user_upload/SGLUX/DOCUMENTS/SG_ISSUER/20220114_Statuts_Coordonnes_SGIS_
FR.pdf ;  
 
(b) The bylaws of Societe Generale are available on the Societe Generale website: 
http://www.societegenerale.com/sites/default/files/documents/Gouvernance/bylaws_en.pdf ; 
 
(c) the articles of association (Gesellschaftsvertrag) of Societe Generale Effekten GmbH are 
available 
on 
the 
following 
website 
http://www.sg-zertifikate.de/service/rechtliche-dokumente/registrierungsformulare-und-
jahresabschluesse;   
 
(d) the 2022 Universal Registration Document, the 2023 Universal Registration Document and the First Amendment to the 2023 
Universal Registration Document of Societe Generale; 
 
(e) the audited financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 of SG Issuer, the related 
notes and the statutory auditor's report; 
 
(f) the audited annual financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and the 31 December 2022 of Societe 
Generale Effekten GmbH, the related notes and the statutory auditors’ report prepared in accordance with IFRS; 
 
(g) the Programme Agreement, the Deed of Covenant, the Guarantee, the Agency Agreement (which includes, inter alia, the forms 
of the Global Warrants (including Registered Global Warrants)  and Warrants  in definitive form, the Spanish Agency Agreement, the 
Swiss Paying Agency Agreement), the French Law Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the 
Temporary Global Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Bearer Warrants), the EUI Agency Agreement, the Collateral Agency 
Agreement, the Collateral Monitoring Agreement, the SEB Agency Agreement, the Collateral Custodian Agreement, the Warrants 
Valuation Agency Agreement, the Disposal Agency Agreement, the Substitute Paying Agency Agreement, the Security Agency

--- Page 683 ---
General Information 
 
683 
Agreement and each Pledge Agreement and/or Security Trust Deed (save that each Pledge Agreement and/or Security Trust Deed 
will only be available for inspection by a holder of Warrants relating thereto and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to 
the Issuer or Paying Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity); 
 
(h) a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated 
herein or therein by reference; 
 
(i) each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to (i) Exempt Offer Warrants or (ii) Exempted Swiss Public Offer Warrants, will 
only be available for inspection by a holder of such Warrants and such Warrantholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
relevant Issuer or Principal Paying Agent as to its holding of such Warrants and identity); and 
 
(j) in the case of each issue of  Warrants admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market subscribed 
pursuant to a syndication agreement, the syndication agreement (or equivalent document). 
 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, documents incorporated by reference herein and any Final Terms relating to Warrants admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's main market as aforementioned will be published on the relevant Issuer's website(s) 
and on the internet site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com  and will be available at least 10 years after their 
publication on these websites. 
 
6. CLEARING SYSTEMS 
 
6.1 Warrants other than EUI Warrants 
 
The Warrants have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear France or Euroclear and Clearstream and Iberclear (which are 
the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Warrants allocated by 
Euroclear France or Euroclear and/or Clearstream or any other Clearing System will be contained in the applicable Final Terms. 
Warrants may be held through additional or alternative clearing systems (including, without limitation, SIX SIS Ltd, Euroclear Sweden 
AB, Euroclear Finland Ltd, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) , VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities) 
or Monte Titoli S.p.A.), in which case the appropriate information will be contained in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The address of Euroclear France is 66, rue de la Victoire, 75081 Paris Cedex 02, France. 
 
The address of Euroclear is 1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210, Brussels, Belgium. 
 
The address of Clearstream is 42, avenue J F Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
 
The address of Euroclear Sweden AB is Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden. 
 
The address of Euroclear Finland Ltd is PL 1110, 00101 Helsinki, Finland. 
 
The address of Verdipapirsentralen ASA is (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) is Tollbugata 2 NO0152 Oslo, Norway. 
 
The address of VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities) is Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8, DK-1402, Copenhagen, Denmark. 
 
The address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad, 1 28014 Madrid, Spain. 
 
The address of Monte Titoli S.p.A. is Piazza Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
 
6.2 EUI Warrants 
 
The EUI Warrants shall be held in uncertificated form in accordance with the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. Title to the 
EUI Warrants is recorded on the relevant register of corporate securities maintained by EUI. 
 
All transactions (including transfers) in the open market or otherwise must be effected through an account with EUI (which is the entity 
in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate ISIN for each  Issue of EUI Warrants allocated by EUI will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the EUI Warrants are to be cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The address of EUI is Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited, 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB. 
 
7. CONDITIONS FOR DETERMINING PRICE 
 
The price and amount of Warrants to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant purchaser(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
 
8. POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Issuers do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any 
assets underlying issues of Warrants constituting derivative securities, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
 
9. DEALERS ENGAGING IN BUSINESS ACTIVITIES WITH THE ISSUERS AND THE GUARANTOR

--- Page 684 ---
General Information 
 
684 
Certain Dealers and/or their affiliates have engaged and could in the future engage in commercial banking and/or investment activities 
with the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or their affiliates and could, in the ordinary course of their business, provide services to the Issuers, 
to the Guarantor and/or to their affiliates.

--- Page 685 ---
On-Going Non-exempt Offers 
 
685 
 
ON-GOING NON-EXEMPT OFFERS 
 
 
The Issues of Warrants listed below are each either (i) the subject of an on-going Non-exempt Offer as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus or (ii) the subject of a Non-exempt Offer which has closed as at the date of this Base Prospectus, but which will be listed 
on a regulated market after the date of this Base Prospectus.  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 27 June 2022 is applicable for the purposes of the On-going Non-exempt Offers listed below and the 
information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor contained in or incorporated by reference in such base prospectus will continue 
to be updated by this Base Prospectus.  
 
The following warning is deemed to appear on the first page of each final terms of the Issues of Warrants listed below:  
The Base Prospectus is valid until 26 June 2024. The succeeding base prospectus will be available on http://prospectus.socgen.com. 
 
In accordance with article 8.11 of the Prospectus Regulation, the new final terms and conditions relating to the outstanding Non-
exempt Offers listed below will be available on a special page of the Issuer's website: http://prospectus.socgen.com/legaldoc_search.   
 
 
ISIN CODE 
 
ISSUER 
 
ISSUE DATE 
(DD/MM/YYYY) 
 
NON-EXEMPT 
OFFER 
JURISDICTION 
 
START DATE 
(DD/MM/YYYY) 
 
END DATE 
(DD/MM/YYYY) 
DE000SQ4EZ12 
SOCIETE 
GENERALE 
EFFEKTEN 
19/12/2013 
Italy 
26/12/2013 
Open-End 
DE000SQ4EZ20 
SOCIETE 
GENERALE 
EFFEKTEN 
14/09/2016 
Italy 
21/09/2016 
Open-End 
LU2141869003 
SOCIETE 
GENERALE 
EFFEKTEN 
19/12/2013 
Italy 
26/12/2013 
Open-End 
LU2141148952 
SOCIETE 
GENERALE 
EFFEKTEN 
14/09/2016 
Italy 
21/09/2016 
Open-End

--- Page 686 ---
686 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
SOCIETE GENERALE 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
ISSUERS 
SG ISSUER 
16, boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE EFFEKTEN GMBH 
Neue Mainzer Str. 46 - 50 
D-60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
ARRANGER 
SOCIETE GENERALE  
Tour Societe Generale 
17 cours Valmy 
92987 Paris la Défense Cedex 
France 
 
DEALERS 
SOCIETE GENERALE  
Tour Societe Generale 
17, Cours Valmy 
92987 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
 
SG OPTION EUROPE 
17, cours Valmy 
92800 Puteaux 
France 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND EXCHANGE AGENT 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LISTING AGENTS 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A. 
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE PARIS, ZURICH BRANCH 
Talacker 50 
CH-8021 Zurich  
Switzerland 
 
PAYING AGENTS 
SOCIETE GENERALE  
32, rue du Champ de Tir 
BP 18236 
44312 Nantes cedex 3 
France 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE LUXEMBOURG S.A.  
11, avenue Emile Reuter 
L-2420 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE PARIS, ZURICH BRANCH 
Talacker 50  
CH-8021 Zurich  
Switzerland

--- Page 687 ---
687 
SOCIETE GENERALE, NEW YORK BRANCH 
1221 Avenue of the Americas 
New York New York 10020 
United States 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE, SUCURSAL EN ESPAÑA (for Uncertificated Spanish Warrants) 
Plaza de Pablo Ruiz Picasso, 1 
28020 Madrid 
Spain 
 
SOCIETE GENERALE SECURITIES SERVICES S.P.A. (for Uncertificated Italian Warrants) 
Via Benigno Crespi, 19 
20159 Milan  
Italy 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken (acting through its Copenhagen Branch) 
Bernstorffsgade 50, 1577  
Copenhagen V  
Denmark 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (acting through its Helsinki Branch)  
Eteläesplanadi 18,  
FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
SE-106 40 
Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken (acting through its Oslo Branch)  
Filipstad Brygge 
NO-0252 Oslo  
Norway 
EUI AGENT  
 
COMPUTERSHARE INVESTOR SERVICES (JERSEY) LIMITED  
Queensway House  
Hilgrove Street  
St Helier JE1 1ES  
Jersey  
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English and French law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
32, Rue François 1er 
75008 Paris  
France 
 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Luxembourg law 
Allen & Overy, société en commandite simple 
(inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
5, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
To the Issuers as to Swedish law 
HARVEST ADVOKATBYRÅ AB 
Engelbrektsplan 1 
P.O. Box 7225 
SE-103 89 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
To the Issuers as to Finnish law 
ROSCHIER, ATTORNEYS LTD 
Kasarmikatu 21 A FI-00130 Helsinki 
Finland 
 
To the Issuers as to Norwegian law 
ADVOKATFIRMAET BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen allé 16

--- Page 688 ---
688 
P.O. Box 1524 Vika  
NO-0117 Oslo 
Norway 
 
To the Issuers as to Danish law 
GORRISSEN FEDERSPIEL ADVOKATPARTNERSELSKAB 
Axel Towers 
Axeltorv 2 
1609 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
 
AUDITORS 
To Societe Generale 
ERNST & YOUNG ET AUTRES 
1/2, place des Saisons 
92400 Courbevoie – Paris-La Défense 1 
France 
 
Deloitte & Associés 
6, place de la Pyramide  
92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex  
France 
 
To SG Issuer 
DELOITTE AUDIT, société à responsabilité limitée 
560 rue de Neudorf 
L-2220, Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
To Societe Generale Effekten GmbH 
DELOITTE & TOUCHE WIRTSCHAFTSPRÜFUNGSGESELLSCHAFT 
Franklinstrasse 50 
60486 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany